THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS

VOL. 32.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From May the 10th, 1768,

In the Eighth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

September the 25th, 1770,

In the Tenth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

[ 3 ]

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION,

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the Calling of another.

GEORGER.

WHereas We have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now Hands prorogued to the

Thirty-first Day of this Instant March: We do for that End publish this Our Royal Proclamation; and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, are discharged from their Meeting and Attendance on ’thursday

the said Thirty-first Day of this Instant . And

We being deiirous and resolved, as soon as may be, to meet Our People, and to have their Advice in Parliament, do hereby make known to all Our loving Subjects Our Royal Will and Pleasure to cal! a new Parliament; and do hereby further declare, That, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, We have this Day given Order to Our Chancellor of Great to issue out

Writs in due Form, for calling a new Parliament; which Writs are to bear Teste on Saturday the Twelfth Day of this Instant Marche and to be returnable on tuf-day the Tenth Day of May next.

Given at Our Court at St. James’s, the Eleventh Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, in the Eighth Year of Our Reign,

GOD save the King.

[ 4 ]

[Lord’s Steward’s Deputation.]

William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s HouHiold, and One of His Mujt fly’s moll I'ft' honourable Privy Council, To all to whom theft Prelents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Prelents do conditute, name, and appoint, Thomas Chby Hunter,

Rest Fuller, Beaumont t lot linn.; Sir Bn.wnhw Cujl, Thomas I'/hie I cot, Jc'nt Smith, Denys Roile, Charles IJuffey, Reheard K-raaften; Sir Ed-Wentworth Oft rddeft on‘John Httlke j

John Morton; the Right honourable Sir John CuJl Baronet; John Cal craft, John Lamb toil, Griffith Phillips, Richard

(Forge; the Right honourable Lord Robert Bertie-, Sir Fletcher Norton-, IF"dllair.; the Right honourable John Shelly, John Dunning-, the Right honourable elbore Miles , Gerard Fan Neck,

Richard Jackjtm, the Right honourable Lord Bwrgherfh; Henry Fane, John Dodd-, the Right honourable Grenville-, Charles Townfttend, Alexander Popham; Sir Anthony Thomas Baronet: Sir Charles Frederick Knight

of the Mod honourable Order of the Bath; Sir William Maynard Baronet; 'Thomas . Charles

Gray, Andrew Wilkinson; the Right honourable James Stewart;

Thomas Frankland, William Frankland;the Right honourable Lord Howe-,

W Mam Fitzherbert, William Fe/lowes, Robert Gregory, Richard Lowndes,

Whitworth, Charles Marsham, Charles Lorwndes, NicholsonCalvert, Richard

ward Bayntun Baronet; Robert Boyle Walsingham, William Eger t nt

Sr Francis Henry Drake-, the Right honourable Ralph Earl y; Charles Charles Mor-

gan, Jeremiah Dison-, Sir Tromas Cave Baronet; Anthony Bacon, Benjamin Allen, John Durand; the Right honourable George Ouftow, Grey Cooper, Thomas Howard-, the Right honourable Arthur Earl Sir John Turner

Baronet; Robert Henley Ongley , the Right honou’able Sir Gilbert Elliott-, James Laroche, Charles Thomas

Staunton, Arihibald Edmonstone; Sir George Savile Baronet; James Seamen, John Wrcttefiey, Simon; Sir

Alexander Gilmotir, Baronet; William Gordon, Henry Lames LutlrellDripue Billers Lord Waltham, Isaac Martin

Rebow, Sir Robert Darling, Thomas Bradshaw, the Right honourable Edward Lord Winter ten;

William Ewer-, Sir George Bridges Rodney-, Robert Wood, William Gerard Hamilton, Richard Coxe, Matthew Brickdale, Charles Cocks; the Right honourable Lord George Puttie!; Sir Lynch Cotton

Baronet; Philip Jennings, Francis Hoibourne, Thomas Coventry, Samuel Sa't-, the Right honourable Lord Thotaond; James Harris, George Mealycott; Sir Mathew White Ridley -, Mathew Ridley, Daniel LafeeUes, William;

Sir Charles Davers Baronet; Charles Allanfon: or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the Taking of the said Oaths before me; to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs, of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Tenth Day of May Instant; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty* intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit or vote as Members of the House of Commons; according to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me; to all and every Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not be present, at the Meeting of Election; and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four,' Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters herein before mentioned; Ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Testimony whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Tenth Day of May, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Fatch, Annoque Domini 1768.

Talbot, (L. S.)

8 Geo. III.

io° Mail.

i r T

r\

Parliamentum ittceptutn et tentiim apiid civitatem W eftnionafterienfeEfli die Martis, to9 die Mail, anna regni Domini hoftri Georgii Tertii, Dei gratia, Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, €t Hiberniae, Regis^ Fidei Defenforis, &c. 8°, annoque Domini 1768.

Parliament

JBCCU.

Message to attend the JLorda.

Parliament opened by Coaniffion.

THE King’s most Excellent Majesty having, by His Royal Proclamation, hereunto annexed, dated the Eleventh Day of March last, dissolv-ed the last Parliament, and by His Writ of Summons, ifiucd under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Teste at Westmiufier, on Saturday the Twelfth Day of

the same Month, called a new Parliament, and appointed the same to meet and fit this Day; the Right honourable William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold, came, about Ten of the Clock, into the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, commonly called the Inner Court of Wards, where the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament are usually ad mi mitered} and Thomas Tyrwkitt, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Hatfell, Clerk Assistant, and the other Clerks, attending according to their Duty} and the honourable Charles Yorke, zn& John Yorke, Esquires, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having delivered to the said Mr. Tyrwhitt a Book, containing a List of the Names of such Members as had been returned to serve in this Parliament, the Lord Steward did himself, in Person, administer the Oaths appointed to several of" the Members who appeared} and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, hereunto also annexed, impowering several of the Members, who had before been sworn, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned; some of which Commissioners administered the same accordingly to such other Members as appeared: Which being done, tire Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

After which, a Mdfege was delivered by Sir Francis Moljneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House went up to the House of Peers: Where the Lord Chancellor, fitting with several other Lords on a Form, between the Throne and the Woolfacks, said.

My Lords, and Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

m. Majesty not thinking fit to be present here this Day in his Royal Person, has been pleased, in order to the Opening and Holding of this Parliament, to cause Letters Patent to be passed under his Great Seal, constituting his Grace the Lord Archbishop of -bury, and several other Lords therein named. His Commissioners, To do all Things in His Majesty^ Name, on His Part necessary to be performed in this Parliament. This will more fully appear by the Letters Patent them'' elvesj which must be now read.

Then the said Letters Patent were read; and are as followeth j viz.

Vol. 72.

GEORGE R.

EO RG E the Third} by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King; Defender of the Faith; and so forth. To ail to whom these Pre^ fents shall come. Greeting. Whereas, by the Advice of Our Council, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs concerning Us, the State, and Defence of Our Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Church, We have ordered a 'certain Parliament to be holden at our City of Westminster, on Tuesday the Tenth Day of this Instant May \ and forasmuch as, for certain Causes, We cannot corr-veniently be present, in Our Royal Person, in Our said Parliament, upon the said Tenth Day of May: Know ye. That We, trading in the Discretion, Fidelity, and Industry.of the Most Reverend Father in God, and Out faithful Counsellor, Thomas Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all England, Our well-beloved and faithful Counsellor, Charles Lord Our Chancellor of Great Britain; Our most dear Cousins and Counsellors, Granville Earl Gower, President of Our Council; William Earl of , Keeper of Our

Privy Seal} Angufius Henry Duke of First Cont*

missioner of Our Treasury; Thomas Duke of Leeds, John -Duke of Rutland, Peregrine Duke of and

veu. Great Chamberlain of England} Duke of

Northumberland, William Earl Talbot, Steward of Our Houshold; Francis Seymour Earl of Hertford, Chamberlain of Our Houshold i Robert Earl of , Hugh

Earl of Marchmont, George William Earl of BriJloLj Simon Earl Harcourt, John Earl Ligonier, Thomas Vi fcouat Weymouth, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State; ’ and Our well-beloved and faithful Counsellors Wills Lord Harwich, one other of Our Principal Secretaries of State; William Lord Wycombe, one other of Our Principal Secretaries of State; William Lord Our Chief

Justice assigned to hold Pitas before us; Thomas Lord ' Grantham, and John Lord Lovell and Holland; by the Advice of Our laid Council, do give and grant, by the Tenor of these Presents, unto the said Archbishop of Canterbury, Chancellor of Great Britain, President of Our Council, Keeper of our Privy Seal, Duke of Grafton, Duke of Leeds, Duke of Rutland, Duke of Ancaster, Duke of Northumberland, Steward of Our

Houshold, Chamberlain of Our Houshold, Earl of Holdernesse, Earl of Marchmont, Earl of Bristol, Earl Harcourt, Earl Ligonier, Viscount Weymouth, Lord Harr zvich, Lord Wycombe, Lord Mansfield, Lord Grantham, and Lord Lovell and Holland, and any Three of them, full Power in Our Name to begin and bold Our said Parliament, <and to open and declare, and cause to be opened and declared, the Causes of holding the fame; and to proceed upon the said Affairs, in Our said Parliament, and in all Matters anting the rein; and to do every Thing which, for Us and by Us, for the good Government of Our said Kingdom of Great B, and other Our Dominions thereto belonging, shall be, there to be done; and also, if necessary, to continue, adjourn, and pro- rogue Our said. Parliament; Commanding also, by the C Tenor

10" M

6

Tenor of these Presents, with the Assent of Our said Council, as well all and singular the Archbishops, bishops, Earls, Viscounts, Barons, and Knights, as all others whom it concerns, to meet in Our said Parlia-taent i that to the same Afchbithop of , Chancellor of Great Britain, President of Our Council, Keeper Of Our Privy Seal, Duke of , Duke of,

Duke of Rutland', Duke of , Duke of berland, Steward of Our Houshold, "Chamberlain of Our Houshold, Earl of HolderEarl of , Earl

of Bristol, Earl Harcourt, Earl , Viscount Weymouth, Lord Harwich, Lord Lord >

Lord Grantham, and Lord Lovell and Holland, and any Three of them, they diligently attend in the Premises, in the Form aforesaid. In Witness whereof. We have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent. Witness Ourself at Westminster, the Sixth Day of May, in the Eighth Year of Our Reign.

By the KING Himself.

Signed with His own Hand.

Yorke and Yorke.

And then the Lord Chancellor said.

My Lords, and Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

By virtue of, His Majesty’s Commission, now read, and in Obedience to His Commands, we let you know. That His Majesty doth not think fit, that we should declare the Causes of your present Meeting, until there be a Speaker of the House of Commons: And therefore it is His Majesty’s, Pleasure, that you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, do immediately repair to the Place where the Commons usually fit, and there chuse a fit Person to be your Speaker; and that you present the Person, who shall be so chosen, to His Majesty’s Commissioners here, for His Royal Approbation by the said Commissioners, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

And the House being returned;

The Right honourable Lord Charles Spencer, next Brother to the Most noble George Duke of Marlborough, one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Oxford, addressing himself to the Clerk (who, (landing up, pointed to him, and then fat down), spake to the Effect following, viz.

Mr. Tyrwhitt,

Si* It is our present Business to proceed to the Election of chosen a P1’0!*1' Person to preside as Speaker; a Business of no Speaker, ftnall Importance; for on this Choice depend the Regularity and Dignity of our Proceedings in the course of this Parliament.

If Ability, Integrity, Impartiality, a firm Attach-' ment to our happy Constitution, a Zeal for the Rights and Privileges, joined to a perfect Knowledge of the Rules and Orders, of this House, are Qualifications requisite for a Speaker, in whom shall we more surely find them, than in the Right honourable Gentleman, who, during the last Parliament, filled that Chair with so much Honour to himself, and so much Satisfaction to the House ? Those who were Members of that Parliament, must feel that what I say falls short of his real Deserts; those who were not, and consequently had not an Opportunity of being so immediately acquainted with his Merit, will very soon be sensible that my Commendations arc poor and inefficient, though built upon the trued Ground.

It would shew great want of Respect to the House, in me, who possess Jo little the Talent of Speaking, were I to detain them long upon a Subject, in which I am persuaded the Wi(hes of every Body go Hand in Hand with mine; and therefore each Person can form to himself better Reasons for agreeing with me, than I am capable of offering.

This unanimous Consent, which I felt myself sure to meet, is what has given me Courage to take upon myself to make this Motion, unaccustomed as I am to speak in public, conscious as I am of my Inability either to

' TJ/.. 1768

afford the lead Entertainment, or convey the lmalleft Instruction.

I will trouble the House no farther, than to beg of them to join with me in intreatingthat Right honourable Gentleman again to take upon him this laborious Talk. I do therefore move, that the Right honourable Sir John Cufi be desired to take the Chair as Speaker.

Then the Right honourable Henry Lord Viscount Palmrrfton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, one of the Bur* geffes for the Town of Southampton, and one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, addressing himself likewise to the Clerk, (who. Handing up, pointed to him, and-then fat down) spake to the following Effect} viz. ’

Mr. Tyrzvhitt, .

I rife to second the Noble Lord’s Motion, rather in Compliance with the Forms of the House, and from a Desire to shew my hearty Approbation of the Propofi-tion he has made, than because it seems to require any farther Arguments to support it. Among the various Objects which employ the Attention of a new Parliament, the Choice of a proper Person to fill the high Office of Speaker must ever be of great Importance, since it must in some Degree operate upon every Matter that can come under our Consideration } and it becomes still more important, in Proportion as the Situation of our Affairs becomes more nice and full of Difficulty. Few Parliaments have ever met at a more interesting Crisis than the present; nor can the Annals of our History furnish many Periods of Time that have called so loudly for the utmost Exertion of Parliamentary Wisdom, of afforded so ample a Field for its Deliberations. Happily we now enjoy the Blessings of Peace j and it imports us to remember, that the Hour of Tranquillity is the Hour of Resource: The Fate of this Country, for Ages, may, perhaps, depend on the Counsels of the present f Parliament; surely then we cannot be too cautious whom we appoint to preside over them. In vain shall we ex-pedt that our Proceedings should be attended with their due Weight and Efficacy, if he who fills our Chair poffesses not that Worth and those Talents which give Dignity to Power, and make Authority respectable.

Within these Walls many Gentlemen might doubtless be found, whom we might deem worthy of so important a Trust, and whole Conduct we might reasonably hope would justify our Opinion; but I congratulate the House that we have something stronger than Opinion on which to ground our Confidence; we have Experience, the Experience of the last Parliament, and the certain Assurance which that, and only that, can give.

I will not lb much offend the Delicacy of the Right honourable Member who has lately presided here, or do so much Injustice to his Character, as to attempt to describe it; his bed Advocates are his Actions; I appeal to them; and they will speak for him in such a Strain as must drown the feeble Voice of Panegyric. I feel it more becoming me to leave to Gentlemen’s own Recollection, the Wisdom, the Knowledge, the Integrity, the Impartiality, the Zeal, the Assiduity, with which the Right honourable Gentleman has already executed his high Office; and to content myself with paying to his Merits the most honourable Tribute which it is in my Power to offer, by seconding my noble Friend’s Motion, that the Right honourable Sir John Cufi do take the Chair of this House, as Speaker.

The House calling Sir John Cufi to (he Chair, he flood up in his Place, and said,

Mr. Tyrwhilt, 1

It is a natural, and I will add a commendable, Ambition, in every one, to wish for the Approbation of his Country.

This Ambition, in me, cannot be more amply gratified, than by the favourable Sentiments which the Two noble Lords have expressed of my pad Conduct, and by

the

8 GeO. III. i o'5 — I

the kind Manner in which their Partiality to me has induced them to recommend me to the House, for the very important, but very arduous Charge, of again filling that Chair.

I am truly sensible of my Obligations to the noble Lords, and shall ever set the highest Value upon their good Opinion; but I mud intreat them, as well as the House, to reflect, that Abilities, far superior to any which I can boa ft, are requisite for that high Station.

The Experience which I may be supposed to have gained in a former Parliament, has indeed taught me what are the necessary Qualifications; but it has, at the same Time, convinced me how few of them I possess.

notwithstanding my most diligent Endeavours to discharge my Duty, and to answer, in the smallest Degree, the Expectations of the lait House of Commons, when they did me the unmerited Honour of calling me unanimously^to that Chair, the Difficulties would have been too great for me to have surmounted, without the peculiar Favour and Indulgence of that House; of which, as no one ever stood in greater Need, so no one ever had-a greater Share, and which I shall ever remember with the greatest Gratitude. It would be as unreasonable in me to ask, as for this House to grant, the lame: And therefore, that their Proceedings may receive no Detriment from my Defects j that their Weight, their Authority, and the Reverence which is due to them, may be preserved; I hope they will permit me to enjoy the Satisfaction, as a private Member, of seeing my pad Conduct thus approved; and that, among so many Gentlemen of greater Knowlege and Experience, they will turn their Thoughts upon one every Way worthier of their Choice than myself.

The House again calling Sir John Cust to the Chair, he was taken out of his Place by Lord Charles Spencer and Lord Viscount Palmerston, who led him from thence to the Chair; where, upon the first Step, he said,

I must beg leave to remind Gentlemen, that they have yet an Opportunity to re-consider a Resolution, which I am afraid they have too hastily taken, and to recall me to do my Duty as a private jMember.

But the Members cried. No, No.

Whereupon Sir John Cust ascended die upper Step of the Chair; and (landing the re, said.

It would ill become me to dispute any longer the Commands of ^his House, to which I shall at all times pay an implicit Obedience. I cannot sufficiently express my Acknowlegements for their favourable Acceptance of my past Endeavours to do my Duty in this Place; but I hope they will permit me to lay my Imperfections before His Majesty Tomorrow.

And thereupon he fat down in the Chair;

And then the Mace, which before lay under the Table, was laid upon the Table.

Then the Right honourable John , one of the Burgesses for the Borough of Newark-upon-Trent, and Treasurer of His Majesty’s Houftiold, said,

Mr. Speaker,

The Deference and dutiful Respect I with always to pay to the Proceedings of this House, will not permit me to be satisfied with only making the usual Motion for Adjournment, after the Election.of a Speaker: I cannot therefore deny myself the Pleasure’of testifying the high Satisfaction I feel on seeing you again called upon to that important Trust; as 1 am happy of this Opportunity of shewing you personal Regard and Attention.

I must beg leave to congratulate the whole House on this Occasion; the elder Part, who would always be ready to lend you Assistance and Support in arduous and difficult Points, on the Ease they will find in your being able, in so masterly a Manner, to clear up and elucidate

Vol. 32.

i° Mctii. 7

any Thing that might appear doubtful; the younger; and those Gentlemen who have never fat in Parliament before, on the Favour and Indulgence they will be fine to meet with from you.

The Fortune, Sir, you not only have in Possession, but dill so great in Reversion, is an additional Ciixum-stance that must add Weight and Dignity to the Chair you now fill, as well as be a Security to the Public of your being above the*Temptation of little worldly A14 lurements: As to your Integrity, it would be Preemption to mention it; as your Actions, in the course of the last Parliament, gave the strongest Demonstrations of it; so that a Repetition of them, if spoke with Truth., must look like Flattery.

I will now, Sir, detain you and the Ftoufe ho longer^ than to move to adjourn; and therefore I move you, that this House do adjourn till Tomorrow Morning,' Eleven of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned accordingly; till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 11° die Maii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1768.

THE House being met, and Mr. Speaker elect Mefcge having taken the Chair; to attend

A Message was brought by Sir Francis Molyneux, die Lord*. Gentleman U(her of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where Mr. Speaker elect spake to the Effect following; viz.

My Lords,

His Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Choice of Commons* of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, sP*aker have, in pursuance of His Royal Directions, and according to their undoubted Rights, proceeded to the Election of One of their Members to be their Speaker. Among so many of them, better qualified for this high and important Trust, their Choice has again fallen upon me.

His. Majesty must, I am afraid, have observed so many Imperfections in my Conduct, during the last Parliament, that I need urge no other Reasons to induce His Majesty. to give His faithful Commons an Opportunity of presenting One worthier of their Choice, and His Majesty’s Royal Approbation.

Then the Lord Chancellor said.

Sir John Cust,

Your Conduct, during the last Parliament, in that important Trust, to which you are now again called, hath given His Majesty the fulled and most convincing Proof of your great Knowlege, Wisdom, and Sufficiency.

And His Majesty hath commanded us to let you know, that He intirely approves the Choice which His Commons have made: And we do, by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, and in His Name, allow and confirm you to be their Speaker.

Then Mr. Speaker said.

My Lords,

It is my Duty to resign myself, as I do, to His Ma- Mr. Speaker jesty’s Determination; and to beseech His Majesty’s claim* the Acceptance of my most humble and dutiful Acknow- *‘8.^* an<* legements, for this fresh Mark of His Grace and Favour,

I have had such ample Experience of His Majesty’s Goodness, that, for my Encouragement in the Execution

11* — i a® — 13* MaiL A.

tioft of this great Trull, 1 cannot doubt of His Majesty’s making all just Allowances for my Failings* of His Pardon for all my future involuntary Errors, at least that they may not be imputed to His faithful Commons. That they may be the better enabled to do their Duty to His Majesty and their Country, I do, in their Name, and on their Behalf, by humble Petition to His Majesty, lay claim to all their ancient Rights and Privileges; particularly that their Persons, their Estates, and Servants, may be free from Arrests, and all Mediations; that they may enjoy Liberty of Speech in all their Debates; may have Access to His Majesty’s Royal Person, whenever Occasion shall require; and that all their Proceedings may receive from His Majesty the most favourable Conflru<5lion.

Then the Lord Chancellor laid.

The Lord Chancellor's Speech.

Mr. Speaker,

We have it in Command from the King to acquaint you, that His Majesty is fully persuaded of the Prudence and Temper of this H°ufe of Commons, as well as of their Duty and Loyalty.

And we do, by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, and in His Name, declare to you, that the King grants and allows to them all their Privileges in as full and ample Manner as they have at any time heretofore been granted or allowed by His Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors.

As to what concerns yourself, Sir, though His Majesty is convinced, that a Person of your Wisdom and Discretion can never Hand in need of that Pardon which your Modesty hath induced you toafk.; yet His Majesty hath commanded us to allure you, that you may rely upon His gracious Support and Acceptance in your Execution of this high and important Charge; and that He will put the most favourable Construction upon all your Words and Actions.

With too great Precipitation; and, oh the other Hand; that Matters of no less Importance have been postponed from Day to Day, and at last deferred. To prevent these Inconveniences for the future, I hope Gentlemen will fee the absolute Necessity of an earlier Attendance.

After which, Mr. Speaker put the House in Mind, Mr. Speaker that the first thing to be done, was to take the Oaths, take* Oath*, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and subscribe the Oaths of Abjuration and Qualification, by Law required.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker first alone, Handing; upon the upper Step of die Chair, took the said first-mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration; and also delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification.

And, after him, several other Members took the said Members full-mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said *" Oaths^ Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 12° Mali j

Anno 8* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1768. Prayers.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had been in reports what the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased, Owe T’eera." ^y His Commissioners, to approve their Choice of him for their Speaker; and that he had, in their Name, and on their Behalf, by humble Petition to His Majesty, laid Claim to all their ancient Rights and Privileges; particularly that their Persons, their Estates, and Servants, , might be free from Arrests, and all Molestations; that thqy might enjoy Liberty of Speech in all their Debates; might have Access to His Majesty’s Royal Person, whenever Occasion should require; and that all their Proceedings might receive from His Majesty the most favourable Construction; which, he said. His Majesty, by His said Commissioners, had confirmed to them, by granting and allowing their Privileges in as ample a Manner as ever they were granted or allowed by His Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors.

Mr. Speaker Then Mr. Speaker said, I mull now beg leave to ^Hottfe* repeat my m°ft respectful Acknowlegements to the House for this distinguishing Mark of their good Opinion. Such an Approbation of my past Conduct, is ' the strongest Incitement which I can have to discharge

this great Trull which they have reposed in me, with Diligence and Fidelity. If they observe my Heart and intentions to be right, which I trust they ever will, I cannot doubt of their Support and Protection on all .- Occasions; their Pardon for my Failings,; their Correction of my Mistakes. I can as little -doubt of their Assistance to me, in keeping strictly to all the Rules and Orders whjfh have been so wifely established by our Ancestors, in preventing all Heats and personal Altercations, than which, Nothing can more obstruct the Freedom of Debate, or be so unsuitable to the Gravity and Dignity of this great Assembly.

Gentlemen who have fat in former Parliaments, mull have seen the ill EffeCls of late Hours; how Business of great Moment, on the one Hand, has been carried on

SEveral other Members present took the Oaths, and Members made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and uk«Oaths^ subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 130 die Maiiy

Anno 8" Georgii III'11 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

SEveral other Members present took the Oaths, and Members made and subscribed the Declaration, and took take Oaths, and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawry Outlawries, was read the First Time. Bl11-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That when he, with the House, The Lord went to the House of Peers, upon fVcdttefday last, at the Ch^'lcl£rs Desire of the Lords Commissioners appointed by His J

Majesty, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for

opening

Double

Returns.

Grand

Committees,

Usual Orders,

8 Geo. III. 13'Man. ' 9

opening and holding this present Parliament; the Lord House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked Chancellor, being One of the said Commissioners, made up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the a Speech to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of ther Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a House; And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; House, do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber viz. every Day, before the Door is locked up.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

TN pursuance of the Authority given us by His Majesty’s Commission Vmder the Great Seal, amongst other Things, to declare the Causes of your present Meeting, we are, by the King's Command, to acquaint you. That His Majesty has not called you together, at this unusual Season of the Year, in order to lay before you any Matters of general Business, but merely to give you an Opportunity of dispatching certain Parliamentary Proceedings, which his Majesty’s Desire of providing, at all Events, for the Welfare and Security of his good Subjects, makes him with- to fee completed as soon as possible, and with that Dispatch which the public Convenience, as well as your own, require. His Majesty, at the same Time, has commanded us to allure you of His perfect Confidence in this Parliament; and that he has the llrongelt Reason to expect every thing from their Advice and Alfillance, that Lbyalty, Wisdom, and Zeal for the public Good, can didlate or suggest.

Ordered, That all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion do fit every tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath heen tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly, ‘or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter, or hinder, any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any Calc, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is lit ting; and that no Person so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the

Van. 32.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between ‘temple-barand shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables . in waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Pollmaller General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till. One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours, at the lealt, immediately after the Riling of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven; at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered 1 and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hour* aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be lent to the Poll-mailer General.

4

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet diretfled to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the lame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof,.if proper to be communi» cated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this D House

10

130 Mali.

A. 1768.

House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Bedwin The honourable Colonel Robert Brudenell, being Writ, chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlboroughin the County of Wilts; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the said County; made his Election to serve for the Borough of Marlborough.

And a Motion being made, that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great , in

the County of Wilts, in the room of the said Colonel Robert Brudenell;

The House was moved, that the Entries on the Journal of the House of the 17th and 18th Days of December 1765, in relation to the same of Sir Harry , Baro-

net, who was returned as the Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the District of Burghs of

ter, Anstruther Wester, KilrCrail, and Pittenweem,

might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that Mr. Charles Bill attended at the Door, who could give some Account of the Proceedings at the Election for the said Borough of Great Bedwin; he was called in; and, at the Bar, gave Evidence that he was present at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Borough of Great Bedwin; that there were no other Candidates than the honourable James and the honourable Colonel Robert Brudenell; that all Persons who offered to poll at the said Election were polled, and gave their Votes for the said James , and the said Colonel Robert Bj that there was no Dispute about the Right of Election, nor any kind of Opposition to the Election ot he said James or

of the said Colonel Robert Brudenell.

And then he withdrew.

He was again called in; and, at the Bar, gave Evidence, that he was also present at the last Election of Burgesses to serve for the said Borough of Marlborough; that there were no other Candidates than the said Colonel Robert Brudenell, and Sir James Long, Baronet; that all Electors who offered to poll at the said Election, gave their Votes for the said Colonel Robert Brudenell, and the said Sir James Long; that there was no Dispute about the Right of Election, nor any kind of Oppofi-tion to the Election of the said Colonel Robert Brudenell, or the said Sir James Long.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the said Colonel Robert Brudenell.

Warwick A Motion being made, that Mr. Speaker do'issue his Writ. Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electin° of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, in the room of Henry Archer, Esquire, deceased;

And the House being informed that James West, junior, Esquire, attended at the Door, who could give some Account of the Proceedings at the last Election for the said Borough of Warwick; he was called in; and, at the Bar, informed the House, that he was present at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; that there were no other Candidates than the Right honourable Lord Grevile, and the said Henry Archer, Esquire; that all Persons who %offered to poll at the said Election were polled, and gave their Votes for the said Lord and the said Henry

Archer-, that there was no Dispute about the Right of Election, nor any kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Lord Grevile, or the said Henry Archer.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, in the room of the said Henry Archer, Esquire, deceased.

A Motion being made, that Mr. Speaker do issue his No* Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, in the room of the Right honourable George Beauclerk, commonly called Lord George -clerk, deceased;

And the House being informed, that Mr. Norton attended at the D.oor, who could give the House an Account of the Proceedings at the last Election for the said Borough of New Windsor he was called in; and, at the Bar, informed the House, that he was present at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; that there were no other Candidates than the honourable Keppel,

and the said Lord George Beauclerk; that all Persons who offered to poll at the said Election were polled, and gave their Votes for the said Augustus Keppel, and the said Lord George Beauclerk-, that there was no Dispute about the Right of Election, nor any kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Augustus Keppel, or the said Lord George Beauclerk.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue. his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, in the room of the said George Beauclerk, commonly called Lord George Beauclerk.

Resolved, That this House will not proceed on any Election*. Return, or receive any Petition complaining of any undue Election or Return, of any Member to lerve in Parliament, during this Session; but that such Proceedings may be had, and such Petitions may be received, in the next Session.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed: Committee of

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. P«v*lcg*s, Dyson, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Kynaston, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Adams, Mr. Mr. Burke,

Lord Clare, Mr. Sulivan, Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Popham, Mr. Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Anderson, Mr. , Mr. St.

Leger, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Rigby,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Craven, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Ongley, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mackenzie, Lord Barrington, Mr. Ridley, Mr Grtjvenor, Mr. Hufj'ey, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Attorney General, Lord Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr.

Pratt, Mr.' Onslow, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir John Rous, Mr, Alderman Trecothick, Lord , Mr.

Ryder, General Howard, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Waiter,

Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Serjeant Nares,

General Conway, Mr. Dowdeswell:

And they are to meet upon Monday next, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Friday,

and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion' thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And if any thing

ftali

8 Geo. III.

130 — i4d Mali.

11

shall come in Quftion touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Votes. Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker j and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do prelume to print the fame.

Corn, Resolved, Nemine contra, That this House will,

&c. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of such Laws as are expired, or near expiring.

]>amier’» A Petition of John Daniel Leautier was presented to tive House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Cooper and Mr. Bradjdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Address A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lane and Mr.

to Cuddon:

His Majesty, Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed upon an Address, to be presented to His Majesty; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Address was read; and is as followeth i viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament aflenabled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our most hearty Thanks, for that gracious and paternal Attention to the Welfare of Your People, which has induced Your Majesty, at this Time, to interpose Your own more immediate Authority, for putting an End to that dangerous Disturbance of the public Peace, those outrageous Acts of Violence to the Property of Your Majesty’s Subjects, and that most audacious Defiance of the Authority of the Civil Magistrates, which have of late prevailed, to l'o alarming a Degree, in and near this great Metropolis.

Your Majesty’s expr.efs Command, signified by Your Royal Proclamation, That all the Laws for preventing, suppressing, and punishing, all Riots, Tumults, and unlawful Assemblies, be put into immediate Execution, will, we hope, effectually prevent the Continuance or Repetition of thele Disorders.

But should any of Your Majesty’s Subjects continue -so loft to all Sense of their own true Interest, as well as Duty, as to go on to interrupt, by their lawless and def-perate Practices, that quiet and peaceable Enjoyment of every Right and Privilege allotted to each Individual among us, by our excellent Conftftution, which it has' ever been Your Majesty’s first Object and chief Glory to secure and perpetuate to us all j permit us, Your Majesty’s truly dutiful and grateful Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, to allure Your Majesty of our ready Concurrence in every Measure that may contribute to enable Your Majesty most effectually to maintain the public Authority, and carry the Laws into due Execution; and of our determined Resolution, most chearfully and vigorously to supporc Your Majesty against every Attempt to create Difficulty or Disturbance to Your Majesty’s Government.

The said Address being read a Second Time j

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address,

Vol. 32.

And the Blanks therein were filled up with the Words and Commons."

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the said Address to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of Riots

this House be given to the Right honourable 'Thomas in Harley, Lord Mayor of the City of London, for his vigi- Thanks* lant and active Conduct, in Support of the Laws, and to the for the Preservation of the public Peace, during the late Cord Mayor, Disturbances.

Resolved, -Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Riot* dress be presented to His Majesty, that He will be gra- L0lwlon cioully pleased to order Compensation to be made to Mr. CwnjUiatwn Russell, Mr. Capell, and other Magistrates, for those to Losses which they have suffered, by exerting themselves Sufferers, to suppress the late seditious and dangerous Riots in this Capital, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the Expence thereof to His Majesty,

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sab batty 14* Mait;

Anno 8° Georgii III*U Regis, 1768,

Prayers.

THE Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of Com, the whole House, to consider of the several Acts passed &c. in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Com and Pro vi lions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bradshaw took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bradshaw reported from the Committee, That . they had come to several Resolutions j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The Lord Strange reported to the House, That he Address had, pursuant to their Order, carried to the Lords the . to Address sent to this House by their Lordshipsj and had Majesty, acquainted them, that this House had agreed to the fame; and that he had left the said Address with their Lordships,

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to x,eaut;er», Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Ledutier: And Nat. the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holjord and the Time Clerk of the Parliament: appointed

Mr. Speaker, .

His Majesty having appointed this Day, at One of rec*j,vein8 the Clock, to be attended with the Address of both Address. Houses, at His Palace of Saint James, the Lords intend to be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Adjounumat. Nine of the Clock.

16* Mali.

Lung, 16° die Maii;

Anno 8* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1768. Prayers.

Outrage and Violence prevailing among different Gaffes of My Subjects. I am, however, convinced, that tire vigorous Exertion of lawful Authority, which I will continue to inforce, joined to your Support and A Alliance, will have the desired Effect of restoring Quiet and good Order among My Subjects.

<VO H N Daniel Leaulier took the Oaths appointed, in J order to his Naturalization.

Cera, Mr. Bradfltaw, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions; and who were instructed to consider of such Laws as are expired, or near expiring; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so mugh of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from 'Wheat and Wheat-flour; as was continued by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an A: made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; be, together with the Amendments and Provisions contained in the last mentioned Act, further continued.

Rcfo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe; which Act was continued by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament; be further continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; which Act was continued by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament; be further cont inued.

Charles Jenkinson, F.squire, being returned a« a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Appleby, in the County of IV and also a Burgess for the Borough of Cocker month, in the County of Cumberland, made his Election for the said Borough of Appleby.

And a Motion being made, that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Cumberland, in the room of the said Mr. Jenkinson;

A Member present informed the House, that he was-present at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of that

there were no other Candidates than HouyivooJ,

Esquire, and the said Charles Je; and that there was no Dispute concerning the Right of Election, nor any kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Philip Honyvuood, or the said Charles Jenkinson.

And the House being informed, th.it Mr. Richard Ratcliffe attended at the Door, who could give some Account of the Proceedings at the last Election for the said Borough of Cockennouth; he was called in; and, at the Bar, informed the House, that he was present in the said Borough of Cockennouth, at the Time of the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, and for a Month afterwards; that he did not hear that there were any other Candidates than Charles Jenkivfon, Esquire, and Sir George' Macartney.

And then he withdrew, i

And the House being also informed, that Mr. Martin Pierpoint attended at the Door, who could give ibme Account of the Proceedings at the said Election; he was called in; and, at the Bar, informed the 1 louse, that he was present at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cockermouth; that no Persons, who offered to poll at the said Election, were refused or objtCted to; that there was no Dispute about the Right of Election, nor any kind of Opposition to the Elect ion of the said Charles Jenkinson,

Answer

10

Addrefj.

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all other Acts of Parliament, and all Clauses and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, which have Continuance only until the End of this present Session of Parliament, or which will expire before the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, be further continued until the End of such next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said- Resolutions: And that Mr. ,the Lord North,

Mr. Onflozv, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. , Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Fuller, and Sir Joseph Mawbey, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. Speaker reported, That both Houses did, upon Saturday last, attend His Majesty with their Address; to which His Majesty was plealed to give this most gracious Answer:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I receive with great Satisfaction this loyal, dutiful, and feasonable Address of both Houses of Parliament. It is with the utmost Concern that I fee this Spirit of 4

or the said Sir George Macartney.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, tc> make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cockennouth, in the room of the said Clrnles Jenkinson, Esquire.

The Lord Mayor of the City of London being come into the House, Mr. Speaker acquainted him, tint the House had, upon Friday last, unanimously resolved. That the Thanks of this House be given to him, for his vigilant and active Conduct, in Support of the Laws, and for the Preservation of the Public Peace, during the late Disturbances: And Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of the House accordingly, as followeth; viz.

My Lord Mayor of London,

The Spirit of Liccntioulncfs, which unhappily prevails in this Kingdom, has lately broke out into such outrageous Acts of Violence, and such daring Infuits upon Civil Authority, in and about this great Metropolis, that, unless the salutary Laws for the Preservation of Peace and good Order are strictly put in Execution, Consequences of the most alarming Nature are to be apprehended. Anarchy and Confusion mult ensue, which can only end in Tyranny and Despotism. No Man

therefore

Coclcermouth

Writ.

Rioti

in

London; Thanks to the Lord Mayor*

8 Geo. III. i6° — -i

therefore can do a more essential Service to his Country, than a Civil Magistrate, who, by a prudent, temperate, but, at the same Time, firm and vigorous, Exertion of the Powers, with which the Laws of the Land intrust him, suppresses all Riots and Tumults, and resolutely refills those lawlel's and desperate Practices, which tend to deprive every Individual of the Rights and Privileges to which he is entitled by our excellent Constitution. This eminent Service has your Lordship performed to your Country: Your Conduct upon the late Occasions shew how right a Judgment your Fellow Citizens formed of you, when they called you to your present high and important Station. The beneficial Effects of this Conduct are not confined to the Metropolis, over which you io worthily preside; they extend to the whole Kingdom. By your Example, every other Civil Magistrate will be convinced, that he has sufficient Power, by the Laws, to prevent every Disturbance of the public Peace; and that it is a Duty incumbent upon him to exert those Powers. By the Success which has attended your Lord-flfip’s Vigilance and Activity, the factious and seditious will learn, that they cannot offend the Laws with Impunity. Those who have bec-i seduced, under false Pretences of Liberty, to join in Tumults and Disorders, will be made fenlible, that nothing is so subversive of that very Liberty, as Acts of Outrage and Violence; and that perfect Obedience to lawful Authority is the only Security which they can have for the Enjoyment of every thing which is dear and valuable to them.

Your Lordship lids already experienced, that this House will not permit signal Merit to pass undistinguished or unrewarded by them. You had the peculiar Honour of receiving their Thanks, on a former Occasion. In considering the great Service which you have now done the Public, they have come to an unanimous lle-solution, that the Thanks of this House be given to your Lordship, for your vigilant and active Conduct in Support of the Laws, and for the Preservation of the public Peace, during the late Disturbances.

I cannot sufficiently express my Satisfaction, that it has a Second Time fallen to my Lot to be an Instrument of cbhveying to your Lordship (for whom I ever had the highest personal Respect) this very honourable Testimony of the Approbation which the Commons of Great Britain have given of your Conduct: And, in pursuance of the Commands which I have received from the House, I do, in their Name, give your Lordship their Thanks.

Upon which his Lordship said,

Mr. Speaker,

The repeated Honours conferred on me by this House, conveyed to me in such obliging Terms by you, far exceed any Merit 1 have, in having endeavoured to preserve the Peace of the City of London.

It has ever been my Ambition to enforce a due Respect and Obedience to Law, as the only Means to preserve the Constitution and Liberty of my Country.

Encouraged thus, by this Mark of Approbation, I shall persevere in exerting every Endeavour to maintain the constitutional Authority of the Civil Magistrate, and to preserv the Peace of this great City against every Attempt to disturb it.

Permit me, Sir, to add my Acknowledgments to you, for the kind Manner in which you have communicated to me this distinguished Honour; and to allure you, that I shall ever retain the moll grateful Sense of it.

Corn, &c. Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing certain Laws, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, -'and also the Extradion of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; and for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe-, and for allowing the Importation

Vol. 32.

70 Mali. 13

of Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom for a limited Time, free of Duty; and also for continuing such other Laws as will expire before the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament: Arid the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Leaulier was read Leautier’* a Second Time. Nat.'

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooper,

Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Byng, Mr. Cavendtjh, Mr. VMr. Mr.

Jackson, Mr. Forrester, Mr. R, Mr. Alderman Crosby, Mr. Laroche, Mr. West, Mr. Rigby, Mr. kinson. Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Worge, Mr. Rice, Mr.

Shafto, Mr. Tempest, Lord Strange, Mr. Durant, Mr.

Luttrell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gordon, Mr. Ha-

milton, General Jr wine, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr.

Bond, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Norris, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Grey, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Waltham, Sir Hanbury Williams: And they fire to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Militia, explain and amend such Part of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, as empowers His Majesty, in certain Cafes, to draw out and embody the said Militia: And that the Lord Barrington and Mr. Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrpw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisj 170 die Matt;

Anno 8# Georgii III*1 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

MR. Treasurer reported to the House, That their _ Riot* Address of Friday last. That His Majesty would ‘comn«»fa be graciously pleased to order Ccanpensation to be made' tiop to to Mr. Russell, Mr. Capell, and other Magistrates, for Sufferers, those Lodes which they have suffered, by exerting themselves to suppress the late seditious and dangerous Riots in this Capital, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and to allure His Majesty, Jliat this House will make good the Expence thereof to His Majesty; had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, to whom Leautier’* the Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Leautier was com- Nat. mitted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Thomas Foley, Esquire, being returned as a Knight of Droitwich the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the Writ. County of Hereford; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Droitzvich, in the County of Worcester; made his

Election for the said County of Hereford.

And a Motion being made. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this’ present Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, in the room of the said Mr.;

And the House being informed, that Edward Paunce-E fort.

t

Com! &c.

Militia*

Journeymen

Taylors

Wages.

14 170 — 18° Maii. A. 1768.

forty Esquire, attended at the Door, who could give some Account of the Proceedings at the last Election of Bur-geflfes to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Droitwich-,he was called in; and, at the

Bar, informed the House, that he was present at the last Election of Burgesses to lerve ini this present Parliament for the said Borough of Droitz; that there were no other Candidates than Robert Harley and Thomas Foley Esquires; that there was no Dispute about the Right of Election, nor any Persons offered to poll who were refused or objected to; nor any kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Robert Harley or the said Thomas Foley.

And then he withdrew.

And the House being also informed, that Sir Eduard Winning/on, Baronet, attended at the Door, who could give some Account of the Proceedings at the last Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Hereford; he was called in; and, at the Bar, informed the House that he was present at the last Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County; that therfe were no other Candidates than Thomas , Esquire, and Thomas Foley, Junior, Esquire; that no Persons who offered to poll were refuted or objected to; nor any Kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Thomas or the said Themes Foley, Junior.

And then he withdrew. . '

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new' Writ for the Electing of aBurgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Droitzvich, in the room of the said Thomas Foley, Esquire.

A Bill for further continuing certain Laws, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; and for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe; and for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duly; and also for continuing such other Laws as will expire before the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament; W'as read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Ref tlved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend such Part of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His' present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, as empowers His Majesty, in certain Cafes, to draw out and embody the said Militia: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, that the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Maii;

Anno 8* Georgii IIP11 Regis, I Prayers.

A Petition of several Journeymen Taylors, in the Cities of London and , and County of

Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to amend an Act made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Petitioners, as well as the Matters by whom they are employed, are laid under many Hardships and Difficulties; and that the Petitioners apprehend that, upon Enquiry, it will be found that all of them are out of Employment for a great Part of the Year; and that the Wages ftipu-lated by the said Act are insufficient for the Maintenance of them and their Families, more especially considering the present high Price of Provisions, and almost every Necessary of Life; and representing to the House, that, by the said Act, the Matter Taylors are confined to give the same Wages to all Journeymen without Distinction, which is a great Discouragement to such of the Petitioners as by their Art or industry excel the rest of their Brethren in their Business, and is equally a Hardship upon the Mailers and the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners apprehend that, as well by the said Act> as by the Act of the Seventh of Geo the First, the Petitioners are subjected to many Inconveniences and Hardships, unknown to the rest of their Fellow Subjects: And therefore praying the House to take the P re miles into Consideration; and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem requisite.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing certain Laws, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Bif-cuit, and Starch, and also the Extradlion of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; and for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Bailey, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe; and for allowing the Importation ot Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; and also for continuing such other Laws as will expire before the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bradjhawtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bradjhazvreported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bradshaw accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in-his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the proper Officer of the Crown do inform this House, why the Laws were not immediately put in Force against John Wilkes, Esquire, an Outlaw, when he returned to this Kingdom in February last;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Corn, &c.

Mr. Wilke*.

8 Geo. III.

19° — 21°

Jovisy 190 die Maii;

Anno, 8° Georgii III'*1 Regis, 1768. Prayers.

Lenatier's A N ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Nat‘ II tier, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Leautier.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Corn, Ac. An ingrossed Bill for further continuing certain Laws, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat ind Wheat-flour j and for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe; and for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; and also for continuing such other Laws as will expire before the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament; was read the Third Time. *

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing certain Laws, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; and for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour. Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe; and for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; and also for continuing such other Laws as will expire before the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered,~*That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dlngley’* A Petition of Charles , of , Merchant,

Saw Mill, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner has, for a cor.siderable Time part, by . a very large Importation of Timber in Balks, reduced the Price of that Article; and having, from what he had seen in Holland, Conceived that great Utility and Benefit might arise to this Country, by the Erection of Saw Mills, the Petitioner caused to be erected, upon his Estate at Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex, a Timber Wind Saw Mill, at an Expence of Four thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, which Mill has been approved of by the Society of Arts and Sciences, and has been found of great Utility; and the Petitioner is well allured, that his Endeayours in this Undertaking would have proved, in all respects, a great National Benefit; and that, on Tuesday the Tenth Instant, Four or Five hundred Persons riotously and tumultuously assembled together, and forcibly came into the Petitioner’s Timber Yard, about Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and destroyed the said Saw Mill; and though Application was made to several Justices of the Peace, not any one could be prevailed upon to repair to the Premises, to read the Proclamation, or give an Order for the Military Force to give their Assistance; and that the Petitioner has endeavoured to bring to Justice the Offenders concerned in this Outrage, and Warrants are now issued for apprehending several of them; and that no regular Survey has yet been made of the Damage fudained by the Petitioner; but apprehends that, in order to repair the same completely, it will cod from Seven to Eight hundred Pounds, besides the heavy Loss incurred by the Petitioner, in being deprived of the Use of the said Mill for a great Length of Time: And the Petitioner, hav-Vol. 32.

Maii. 15

ing, as he hopes, proved himself an active and useful Member of Society in this great Undertaking, and in many others; hopes the House will take his same into Consideration, and will in such Mode and Manner as they shall think meet, give him their Protection and Encouragement to repair immediately his Mill as aforesaid, that the Public may not be Sufferers, as well as the Petitioner, by its not being re-established and repaired immediately.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 21 ° die Ma

Anno 8° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1768*

Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Lane and Mr.

Harris.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Corn, Ac. for further continuing certain Laws, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal,

Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; and for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of £«-rope; and for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; and also for continuing such other Laws as will expire before the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act: Leautief’* for naturalizing John Daniel Leaut; without any Nat. Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher Royal Aden* of the Black Rod: to BU1*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had been at the House of Peers: Where the Lord Chancellor, fitting with several other Lords on a Form between the Throne and the Woolfacks, said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The King not thinking fit to be present here this Day in His Royal Person, has been pleased to cause a Commission to be issued under his Great Seal, and thereby given his Royal Assent to Two Acts, which have been agreed upon in both Houses of Parliament; the Titles whereof are particularly set forth: His Majesty has also, by the said Commission, authorized and commanded the- same Commiflaoners, who are appointed by former Letters Patent to open and hold this Parliament, to declare and notify, in His Majesty’s Absence,

His Royal Assent to the said Acts, in this House, in the Presence of you, the Lords and Commons assembled for that Purpose: Which Commission you will now hear read.

Then the said Commission was read; and is as followed i viz.

GEORGE

16

21 Mali. . 1768.

GEORGE R.

jTGEORGE thcThird, by the Grace of God, of tain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and so forth. To Our right trusty and right well-beloved the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and to Our trusty and well-beloved the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Greeting, Whereas We have seen, and perfectly understood, Two Atts, agreed and accorded on by you Our loving Subjects the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this Our present Parliament assembled, and indorsed by you, as hath been accustomed; the Titles and Names of which Acts hereafter do particularly ensue; that is to say, An Act for further continuing certain Laws, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Stanch, and also the Extradion of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; and for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe', and for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; and also for continuing such other Laws as will expire before the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament: An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Leaulier. And albeit the said Acts, by you Our laid Subjects, the Lords and Commons, in this Our present Parliament assembled, are fully agreed and consented unto; yet, nevertheless, the same are not offorce and Efled in the Law, without Our Royal Assent given and put to the said Acts: And forasmuch as, for divers Causes and Considerations, We cannot conveniently, at this Time, be present in Our Royal Person, in the higher House of our said Parliament, being the Place accustomed to give Our Royal Assent to such Acts as have been agreed upon by you Our said Subjects, the Lords and Commons, We have therefore caused these Our Letters Patent to be made, and have signed the fame; and, by the fame, do give and put Our Royal Assent to the said Acts, and to all Articles, Clauses, and Provisions, therein contained, and have fully agreed and assented to the said Acts; willing that the said Acts, and every Article, Clause., Sentence, and Provision, therein contained, from henceforth shall be of the same Strength, Force, and Efled, as if we had been personally present in the said higher House, and had openly and publicly, in the Pretence of you 'all, assented to the fame: And We do by these Presents, declare and notify the same Our Royal Assent, as well to you the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled aforesaid, as to all those whom it may concern; commanding also, by these Presents, Our right trusty and well-beloved Counsellor Charles Lord Camden, Our Chancellor of Great , to seal these

Our Letters Patent with Our Great Seal of Great Britain; and also commanding the most Reverend Father in God, and Our faithful Counsellor, Thomas Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all England; Our said Chancellor of Great Britain; Our most dear Cousins and Counsellors Granville Earl Gower, President of Our Council; William Earl of Chatham, Keeper of Our Privy Seal; Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, Thomas Duke of Leeds, John Duke of Rutland; Peregrine Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven, Great Chamberlain of England', Hugh Duke of Northumberland; William Earl Talbot, Steward of Our Houshold; Francis Seymour Earl of Hertford, Chamberlain of Our Houshold; Robert Earl of Holdernesse, Hugh Earl of Marchmont, George Earl of Bristol, Simon Earl Harcourt, John Earl Ligonier; Thomas Viscount Weymouth, One of Our principal Secretaries of State; and Our well-beloved and faithful Counsellors, Lord

Harwich, One other of Our principal Secretaries of

State; William Lord Wycombe, One other of Our principal Secretaries of State; William Lord Our

chief Justice, assigned to hold Pleas before Us; Thomas Lord Grantham, and John Lord Lovell and Holland; or any Three or more of them, to declare and notify this Our Royal Assent, in Our Absence, in the said higher House, in the Presence of you the said Lords, and the Commons of Our Parliament, there to be assembled for that Purpose; and the Clerk of Our Parliaments to indorse the said Acts with such Terms and Words in Our Name as is requisite, and hath been, accustomed for the fame; and also to inroll these Our Letters Patent, and the said Acts, in the Parliament Roll; and these Our Letters Patent shall be to every of them a sufficient Warrant in that Behalf: And finally. We do declare and will, that after this Our Royal AC-sent given and passed by these Presents, and declared and notified, as is aforesaid, then and immediately the said Acts shall be taken, accepted, and admitted good, sufficient, and perfect Acts of Parliament and Laws, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, and to be put in due Execution, accordingly; the Continuance or Dissolution of this Our Parliament, or any other Use, Custom, Thing or Things, to tire contrary thereof notwithstanding: And whereas, by Our Letters Patent, bearing Date at West min, lev, the Sixth Day of this Instant May, We did give and grant unto the same Archbishop of Canterbury, Our Chancellor of Great Britain, President oi Our Council, Keeper of Our Privy Seal, Duke of Grafton, Duke of Leeds, Duke of Rutland, Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven, Duke of Northumberland, Steward of Our Houftioid, Chamberlain of Our Houshold, Earl of Holderness'e, Earl of Marchmont, Earl of Bristol, Earl Har court, Earl Ligonier, Viscount Weymouth, Lord Harwich, Lord Wycombe, Lord field. Lord Grantham, and Lord Lovell and Holland, and any Three or more of them, full Power, in Our Name, to hold Our said Parliament, and to open and declare, and cause to be opened and declared, the Causes of holding the fame, and to proceed upon the said Affairs in Our laid Parliament, and in all Matters arising the rein, and to do every Thing which, for Us and by Us, for the good Government of Our said Kingdom of Great Britain, and of other Our Dominions belonging to Our said Kingdoms, should be therein to be done; and also, if necessary, to continue, adjourn, and prorogue, Our said Parliament: We do hereby further declare. That Our said Letters Patent, and every Cause, Matter, and Thing, therein contained, arc and shall be in as full Force and Strength (these Our Letters Parent, or any Thing herein notwithstanding) as if thele Presents had not been had or made: And Our Will and Pleasure is, and We do ordain and constitute, that the said Arch-bishop of Canterbury, Our Chancellor of Great Britain, President 9f Our Council, Keeper of Our Privy Seal, Duke of Grafton, Duke of Leeds, Duke of Rutland, Duke of Ancajterand Kesteven, Duke oi Northumberland, Steward of Our Houshold, Chamberlain of Our Hous-hold, Earl of Holdernesse, Earl of Marchmont, Earl of Bristol, Earl Harcourt, Earl Ligonier, Viscount Weymouth, Lord Harwich, Lord Wycombe, Lord Mansfield, Lord Grantham, and Lord Lovell and Holland, and any Three or morfc of them, shall put in Execution all the Powers and Authorities in the said Letters Patent mentioned and expressed, that yet remain to be done and executed. In Witness whereof, We have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent. Witness Ourself at Westminster, the Twentieth Day of May, in the Eighth Year of Our Reign.

By the KING Himself,

Signed with Elis own Hand,

Yorke and Yorke.

And then the Lord Chancellor said,

In obedience to His Majesty’s Commands, and by virtue of both the Commissions already mentioned to

you.

8 Geo. III. 21° Maii — 2° — 21° Junii. 17

you, One whereof has been now read. We declare and notify to you the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembhxl, That His Majesty has given his Royal Assent to the Acts in the last mentioned Commission described; and the Clerks are required to pass the same in the usual Form and Words.

And the Royal Assent to the said Bills was pronounced accordingly.

Adjournment The Lord North acquainted the House, That it be-by the ing the King’s Pleasure, that the Parliament lboukj be «ng sdefire. a<jjournetj until Thursday the Second Day of June next;

' His Majesty desires that this House will adjourn itself until Thursday the Second Day of June next.

And the Houseaccordingly adjourned until Thursday the Second Day of June next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Jcvis^ 2* die Junii;

Anno 8* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1768. Prayers.

THE Lord North acquainted the House, That it being the King’s Pleasure, that the Parliament should be adjourned until Tuesday the Twenty-first Day of this Instant June, His Majesty defifes that this House will adjourn itself until Tuesday the Twenty-first Day of this Instant June.

And the Houseaccordingly adjourned until Tuesday the Twenty-first Day of this Instant June, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Martis, 21* die Junii;

Anno 8° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

Bristol Writ. A Motion being made. That Mr Speaker do issue his ±\.Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of in the

room of the Right honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, in the Kingdom of Ireland; who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

And the House being informed that John Brickdale, Esquire, attended at the Door, who could give some Account of the Proceedings at the last Election for the said City of BriJloT, he was called in; and, at the Bar, informed the House, That he was present at the last Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the said City; that there were no other Candidates than ' the said Lord Viscount Clare, and Matthew Brickdale, Esquire; that no Persons, who offered to poll at the said Election, were refused or objected to; that there was no Dispute about the Right of Election, nor any kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Lord Viscount Clare, or of the said Mr. Brickdale.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Bristol, in the room of the said Lord Viscount Clare.

VOL. 32.

*7

A Motion being made. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Tavistock Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; ,

And the House being informed that John Wynn,

Esquire, attended at the Door., who could give some Account of the Proceedings at the last Election for the said Borough of Tavistock; he was called in;, and, at the Bar, informed the House, That he was prpfent at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; that there were no other Candidates than the Right honourable Richard Rigby, and Rickard Neville Neville, Esquire; that no Persons, who offered to poll at the said Election, were refused or objected to; that there was no Dispute about the Right of Election, nor any kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Mr. Rigby, or of the said Mr. Neville.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Tavifloin the room of the said Richard Rigby.

A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Ludgershall Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ. Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable John Stewart, commonly called Lord; who, since

his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of Police, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland;

And the House being informed that John Blake,

Esquire, attended at the Door, who could give some Account of the Proceedings at the lift Election for the said Borough of Ludgershall; he was called in; and, at the Bar, informed the House, That he was present at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ludgershall; that there were no other Candidates than the said Lord Garlies, and nyfton Lamb, Esquire; that no Persons, who offered to poll at the said Election, were refused or objected to; that there was no Dispute about the Right of Election, nor any kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Lord Garlies, or of the said Penyston Lamb.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ludgershall, in the room of the said Lord Garlies:

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabi- High Price tants of the Borough of Southwark, whole Names are of thereunto annexed, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Distresses which the Poor in general labour under, on Account of the present high Price of Provisions: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Stafforj Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ. Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve -in this present Parliament for the County of Stafford, in the room of the Right honourable George Harry Grey, commonly called Lord Grey, now Earl of Stamford, called up to the House of Peers;

And the House being informed that Thomas Ferny-hough, Esquire, attended at the Door, who could give F some

18 21° Junii — 11° Augusti — 13° Septembris. A. 1768.

some Account of the Proceedings at the last Election for . the said County of Stafford; he was called in } and, at the Bar, informed the House, That he was present at the last Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Stafford; that there were no other Candidates than the said Lord Grey, and Sir William Bagot, Baronet; that no Persons who offered to poll at the said Election, were refused or objected to; nor was there any kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Lord , or of the said Sir William Bagot.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Stafford, in the room of the said Lord Grey.

0

Newcastle A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue his under Line Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out -a new Writ. Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve iri this present Parliament for the Borough of Newcastle under , in the County of Stafford, in the room of John

teftey, Esquire; who, llnce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, -rough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham -,

And the House being informed that Thomas Ferny-hough,. Esquire, attended at the Door, who could give tome Account of the Proceedings at the last Elc&ion for the said Borough of Ntzvcastle under Line; he was called in} and, at the Bar, informed the House, That he was present at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newcastle under Line-,'that John Wrotteftey, and Alexander Forrester,

Esquires, were the only Candidates; but that some of the Eledors demanded a Poll in favour of Fen-

ton, Esquire, who declined standing as a Candidate* and that Twenty-one of the Eledors polled for the said Mr. Fenton; that there was no Dispute about the Right of Election, nor any Persons offered to poll who were refused or objected to.

And then he withdrew.

Then the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

OVIS) II

die Augujli;

Anno 8* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1768.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Pro-rogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country; A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk and Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesdaythe 13th Day of September next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 13 th Day of September next.

Martis, 130 die Septembris;

Anno 8°^ Georgii III,n Regis, 1768.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Pro-

rogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country; P A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk and Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 8th Day of November next-:

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 8th Day of November next.

By the King,

Message to A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the attend the Black Rod:

Lords. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And the Lord Chancellor said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Parliament js His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this prorogued. J. pjrijament be prorogued to the 11th Day

of August next, to be then here held; and, by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for opening and holding this present Parliament; and by virtue of another-Commission for declaring His Majesty’s Royal Assent to Two Acts agreed upon by both Houses in this Session of Parliament; this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the nth Day of August next.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

WHereas Our Parliament Hands prorogued to Tuesday the Thirteenth Day of this Instant September; We, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Thirteenth Day of this Instant September, to Tuesday the Eighth Day of November next; and We have given Order to Our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Commission for proroguing the same accordingly. And We do hereby further declare Our Royal Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Eighth Day of November next, beheld for the Dispatchot divers weighty and important Affairs. And the Lords Spiritual and Tempo- / ral, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners lor Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly at Westminster on the said Eighth Day of November next.

Given at Our Court at St. James's, the Seventh Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, in the Eighth Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Martis, 8* die Novembris;

Anno 90 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1768.

[Message to attend the Lords.]

A

Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis -lyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Several Members present, and several Members retake Oaths. turned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

Members

Owlawrj A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do ommucees. every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed:

Oorrmi'.tee And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Sir

of Anthony Abdy, Colonel Am herJl, Colonel Mr.

Privileges. Burrell, Mr. Alderman , Mr. Beck ford. Sir

Henry Bridgman, Mr. Mr. Bul/er, Mr.

Sir Edward Blackett, Sir John , Lord Beau-

champ, Lord Barrington, Mr. Burke, Mr. Bet hell, Mr. Baftet, Mr. Brand, Mr. Mr. Cornwall, Mr.

Bro'wnlozveCuft, Mr. Cornwallis, Lord George Cavendish,

You. 32.

Mr. Cooper, Lord Clare, Lord Clive, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Cox, Sir Thomas Clavering, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Calcraft, General Comvay, General Carnac, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Dyson, Sir John Huffey , Mr.

Drummond, Lord Downe, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Elliot, Sir Gilbert Mr. Eames, Mr. Egerton, Mr. , Mr."

maurice, Mr. Freeman, Colonel , Mr. , Mr.

Forrester, Mr. Finch, Mr. Foley, Mr. Grenville, Lord Gage, Mr. Garth, Lord Granby, Mr. Grove, Lord Gar-lies, Mr. Garden, Lord Henley, Mr. Hawke, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Hot ham, Mr. Harris, Mr. Howard, Mr. Hobart, Colonel Harcourt, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Legh, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Laroche, Lord bume, Mr. Lifter, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Manners, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Moreton, Sir Roger Moflyn, Mr. Murray, Mr. Milles, Mr. Mackdowal, Mr. Masterton, Sir John Molesworth, Lord North, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Serjeant Nares, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Pulteney, Mr.- Pryce, Mr. Pop-ham, Mr. Parker, Mr. Palk, Mr. Pringle, Lord Pan-mure, Mr. Philipps, Colonel Pigot, Mr. Rice, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Rafhleigh, Lord Strange, Lord Charles Spencer, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Suli-van, Sir George Savile, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Sawbridge, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Toxvnfend, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Thumond, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Thomas shend,: Mr. Tracey, Lord Mr. Wedderbum,

Mr. Wood, Mr. IVft, Mr. Sir Rowland Wynn,

Mr. Walsh, Mr. Wynn, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Ward, Mr. Yorke, Sir George Yonge: And they are to meet upon Friday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time: And all Persons who will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day

Three

20

80 Novembris. A. 1768.

Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if *sy Thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of privilege, of any Member, he i* to withdraw during the Time the Matter in Debfcte: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Uftul Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right

Resolutions to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve and Order*. jn Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections tq be frivolmas and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to oe mad$ to the Person petitioned against. - -

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to de- ter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain., for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Comjnittee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, fake into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the ffoufe*

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this

House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That 110 Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Hall,

shall be kept free and open; and that no Obllructions be madej by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arrrft attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament and ihat there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put

in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays ekeepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Riling of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, Or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered,

9 Geo. III. 8° Novembris,

21

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being fird perilled by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

The King’s Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Speech His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty

reported. was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the

Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a - Copy i which he read to the House; and is as followed^ viz,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Opportunity which the late General Election gives Me of knowing, from their Representatives in Parliament, the more immediate Sense of My People, has made Me desirous of meeting you as early as could be, confident with your own Convenience. The Shortness of the last Session of the late Parliament prevented their prosecuting the Consideration of those great commercial Intereds, which had been entered upon in the preceding Selnon. You will, I am persuaded, agree with Me in Opinion, that your Deliberations on those very important Objects ought to be resumed without Loss of Time; and I trud that they will terminate in such Measures as may be productive of the most considerable and essential Benefits to this Nation.

It would have given Me great Satisfaction to have been able to acquaint you, that all the other Powers of Europe had been as careful, as I have ever been, to avoid taking any Step that might endanger the general Tranquillity. I have cendantly received, and do dill receive from them,-the dronged Assurances of their pacific Dif-positions towards this Country. No Assurances, however, tball divert My condant Resolution, dedfadly to attend to the general Intereds of Europe; nor shall any Consideration prevail upon Me to differ any Attempt that may be made derogatory to the Honour and Dignity of My Crown, or injurious to the Rights of My People.

At the Close of the lad Parliament, I expressed My Satisfaction at the Appearances which then induced Me to believe, that such of My Subjects, as had been mifled in some Parts of My Dominions, were returning to ajud Sense of their Duty. But it is with equal Concern that 1 have since seen that Spirit of Faction, which I had > hoped was well nigh extinguished, breaking out afresh

in feme of My Colonies in Norik and in One

of them, proceeding^even to Acts of Violence, and of Residance to the Execution of the Law; the Capital Town of which Colony appears, by late Advices, to be in a State of Disobedience to all Law and Government; and has proceeded to Measures subversive of the Conditution, and attended with Circumstances that manifed a Disposition to throw oft' their Dependance on Great Britain. On My Part, I have pursued every Measure that appeared to be necessary forsupporting the Conditution, and inducing a due Obedience to the Authority of the Legislature. You may rely upon My deady Perfevc-, ranee in these Purposes; and I doubt not but that, with your Concurrence and Support, I shall be able to defeat the mischievous Designsof those turbulent and seditious Persons, who, under falle Pretences, have but too fuc-ccfsfully deluded Numbers of My Subjects in America-, and whose PraClices, if differed to prevail, cannot fail to produce the most fatal Consequences to My Colonies immediately, and, in the End, to all the Dominions of My Crown.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The proper Estimates for the Service of the ensuing Year 1 have ordered to be laid before you; fully relying on your Readmefs to grant Me the necessary Supplies. Indeed I cannot have a Doubt of finding, in this House of Commons, the same affectionate Attachment to My Person and Government, ss I have always hitherto experienced from My faithful Commons.

Vot-. 3*.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is with great Satisfaction that I now find Myself enabled to rejoice with you upon the Relief, which the poorer Sort of My People are now enjoying, from the Didress which they had so long laboured under from the high Price of Corn. At the same Time that we are bound devoutly to acknowledge, in this Indance, the gra. cious Interposition of Providence, it will become us to apply the bed Precautions that human Wisdom can fugged, for guarding against the Return of the late Calamity. In the Choice, however, of proper Means for that Purpose, you cannot proceed with too great Circuit*. fp?ction.

I have nothing further to recommend to you, than that in all your Deliberations you keep up a Spirit of Harmony among yourselves. Whatever Differences of Opinion may prevail in other Points, let it appear, that wherever the intered of your Country is immediately concerned, you are all ready to unite. Such an Example from you cannot fail of having the best Effects upon the Temper of My People in every Part of My Dominions; and can alone produce that general Union among ourselves, which will render us properly resp$Cted Abroad, and happy at Home.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Aidrch on posed. That an humble Address be presented to His? the King’* Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this Sp660"* House, for His most gracious Speech from the Thrdne.

To allure His Majesty, that, duly sensible of the Importance of those great Commercial Intereds pointed out to us by His Majesty, we will with all convenient Dispatch enter upon the Consideration of them, and will use our utmod Endeavours to adjud and regulate them in; such a Manner as may be productive of solid and lading' Advantages to the Public.;

That we most gratefully acknowlege His Majesty’s paternal Regard for the Ease and Welfare of His People, which has made him ever desirous of continuing to them the Blessings of Peace.

That, at the same Time, wc entirely rely on His Majesty’s condant and watchful Attention to the general Intereds of Europe, and feel the highed Satisfaction from His gracious Declaration, that no Consideration shall prevail on His Majesty to suffer any Attempt which may be made, derogatory to the Honour of His Crown, or injurious to the Rights of His People.

To express our sincere Concern, that the Arts of wicked and designing Men should have been able to rekindle that Flame of Sedition in some of His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, which, at the Close of the late Parliament, His Majesty saw Reason to hope was well nigh extinguished.

To declare, that we shall be ever ready to hear and redress any real Grievance of His Majesty’s American Subjects; but that we should betray the Trud reposed in us, if we did not withdand every Attempt to infringe or weaken our jud Rights; and that we shall always consider it as one of our most important Duties, to maintain entire and inviolate, the Supreme Authority of the Legislature of Great Britain over every Part of the British Empire.

To present our most dutiful Thanks to His Majesty, for having taken such Steps as He judged necessary for supporting the Conditution, and for repressing that Spirit of Fatlion and Disobedience, which, in the chief Town of One of His Majesty’s Colonies, appears, to have proceeded even to Acts of Violence, in direct Defiance of all legal Authority; and to declare that we will, by every Means in our Power, chearfully and 2ealoully supr port His Majesty in all such future Measures as dull be found requisite to enforce a due Obedience to the Laws, to redorc Order and good Government where they have been disturbed, and to establish the Conditutional De- pendanee of the Colonies' on Great Britain, so essential to the Intend and Prosperity of both.

C ‘ T9 '

32

8° — ioa Novembris. A. 1768.

Address on To assure His Majesty, that, with Hearts full of Gra-

the King’s titude to the Divine Goodness, we partake of the Joy Speech. which fills His Majesty’s Royal Breast, on seeing the poorer Sort of His People relieved from the Distress which they' have lately suffered by the high Price of Corn and that we will, by every prudent Measure, endeavour to guard, as far as in us lies, against the Return of chat Calamity; and that, with the utmost Zeal and Alacrity, we will grant to His Majesty every necessary Supply} and study to manifest, in all our Proceedings, that uniform Attachment to the public Good, which His Majesty is graciously pleased to recommend to us, and of which His Majesty’s own Conduct furnishes an illustrious Example.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words from " British Empire"j to " and to declare," in order to insert these Words, " to assure His Majesty that this House will take " into their immediate Confederation what Steps have " been taken for maintaining Peace and good Order in , " His Majesty’s Colonies in North America., for efta-

blishing and confirming His Majesty’s Government " there, and procuring Obedience to the Laws; in perfect Hopes however, that all wife and proper Measures " have been made use of for those necessary Purposes."

And the Question being put, that the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most gracious Speech from the Throne.

To assure His Majesty, that, duly sensible of the Importance of those great Commercial Interests pointed out to us by His Majesty, we will, with all convenient Dispatch, enter upon the Consideration of them', and will use our utmost Endeavours to adjust and regulate them, in such a Manner as may be productive of solid and lasting Advantages to the Public.

That we most gratefully acknowlege His Majesty’s paternal Regard for the Ease and Welfare of His People, which has made Him everdefirous of continuing to them the Blefiings of Peace.

That, at the same Time, we entirely rely on His Majesty’s constant and watchful Attention to the general Interests of Europe, and feel the highest Satisfaction from

His gracious Declaration, that no Consideration shall prevail on His Majesty to suffer any Attempt which may be made, derogatory to the Honour of His Crown, or injurious to the Rights of His People.

To express our sincere Concern, that the Arts of wicked and designing Men should have been able to rekindle that Flame of Sedition infome of His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, which, at the Close of the late Parliament, His Majesty saw Reason to hope was well nigh extinguished.

To declare, that we shall be ever ready to hear and redress any real Grievance of His Majesty’s American Subjectsj but that we should betray the Trust reposed in us, if we did not withstand every Attempt to infringe or weaken our just Rights; and that we shall always consider it as one of our most important Duties, to maintain entire and inviolate the Supreme Authority of the Le-gifiature of Great Britain over every Part of the British Empire.

To present our most dutiful Thanks to His Majesty, for having taken such Steps as He judged necessary for supporting the Constitution, and for reprcffing that Spirit of Faction and Disobedience, which, in the chief Town of One of His Majesty’s Colonies, appears to have proceeded even to Acts of Violence, in direct Defiance of all legal Authority } and to declare that we will, by every Means in our Power, chearfully and zealously support His Majesty in all such future Measures as shall be found requisite to enforce a due Obedience to the Laws, to restorc Order and good Government where they have been 4

disturbed, and toestablifti the constitutional Dependance of the Colonies on Great Britain l'o essential to the |nte-rest and Prosperity of both.

To assure His Majesty', that, with Hearts full of Gratitude to the Divine Goodness, we partake of the Joy which fills His Majesty’s Royal Breast, on seeing the poorer Sort of His People relieved from the Distress which they have lately suffered by the high Price of Corn; and that we will, by every prudent Measure, endeavour to guard, as far as in us lies, against the Return of that Calamity; and that, with the utmost Zeal and Alacrity, we will grant to His Majesty every necessary Supply; and study to manifest, in all our Proceedings, that uniform Attachment to the public Good, which His Majesty is graciously pleased to recommend to us, and of which His Majesty’s own Conduct furnishes an illustrious Example.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution;

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Mr.

Stanley, Lord Clare, Lord North, Lord,

Lord Barrington, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lord

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Charles TownfteSir Edward Hawke, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Solicitor General; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisyi o* die Novembris;

Anno 9* Georgii IUtU Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

APetitio« of several of the Justices of the Peace, jjaflede|l Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other In- Green, and habitants, living in and near the Road, leading from the Crar.trook* Turnpike Road, at a certain Place called Green, Roa‘1*

in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the County of Kent, to and over a certain Green, near the Parish Church of -nenden, in the said County of Kent, and from thence to the present Turnpike Road, near the Dwelling House of Richard Humphry, in the Parish of Sandhurjt, in the said County; and also from the aforesaid Green, near Benenden Church aforesaid, to the Bull Inn at Cross,' in the said County of Kent; was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth; That much the greater Part of the said Road is become very ruinous, and in the Winter Season almost impassable, and other Parts thereof, by reason of their Narrowness, are very incommodious, and dangerous to Passengers; and in regard the said Road cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, altering, and turning the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall i'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr, Norris, Mr. Fuller, Sec.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Most reverend Father in God; ganQon by Divine Providence, Lord Archbishop of Pri- Inclosurs, mate of England, and Metropolitan, 'Thomas Broadley

Esquire,

9 Geo- III. 10° Novembris.

Esquire, William Battle, Gentleman, and the several Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to other Persons whole Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, on lend for Persons, Papers, and Records, the Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners of

Common'Right Messuages and Tenements, Open Field A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and principal Com.

Lands and Grounds, within the Township o {'Santton, in Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich, was presented to the East Riding of the County of York, was presented the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Acts passed to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, last Session relative to Corn; and praying. That the within the said Township, certain Common Grounds, or Laws for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn may be Common Pastures, containing upwards of 330 Acres; prolonged, or such other Relief given as shall seem meet.

and also several Parcels of Open Meadow and Pasture That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Ground, and several Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields,

with several large Pieces of Meadow Ground, or Balks, Ordered, That Mr. De Grey have Leave to flay in the in or contiguous to the said several Arable Fields, con- Country, for the Recovery of his Health, taining about i,a8o Acres; all which, in their present

Situation and Circumstances, are incapable of much Im- A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Great provement: And therefore praying. That leave may be Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Bedwin \Y>itj given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Common Grounds, or Common Pastures, Open, Arable, Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the Meadow, and Pasture Ground, under such Regulations County of Wilts, in the room of the honourable James as to the House shall seem meet. Brudenell; who, since his Election for the said Borough,

Ordered, That Leave ;be given to bring a Bill, pur- hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of George Savile, Lord John Cavendish, and Mr. Willoughby, And in the County of Buckingham; do prepare, and bring in, the fame. The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal

of the House of the 13th Day of May, in the last Seftion Greening’s A. Petition of Henry Thomas Greening, of Brentford of Parliament, in relation to the same of the honourable End, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, was presented Colonel Robert Brudenell, who was returned as a Burgess

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Mqry Gott, to serve in this prefenjt Parliament for the Borough of of Street, in the County of SuJJ'ex, Spinster, deceased, Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and also as a Bur-by her last Will bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of gefs for the Borough of in the County of

October One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six, gave Wilts, might be read.

.and deviled all her Freehold, Copyhold, and other real And the same being read accordingly;

Estates, and also all other her Estate and Effects what- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

soever, to the Petitioner, by the Description of her Kinf- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

man, Henry Thomas Greening of Brentford End, within the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-the Parish of Ifeworth, in the County of Middlesex, rnent for the said Borough of Great Bedwin, in the room Esquire, to him, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, subject of the said James Brudenell. nevertheless to the Payment of her just Debts, Funeral

Charges, and the several Legacies mentioned in Three Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Marlborough

several Codicils tohersaid Will annexed, and did thereby the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt-

appoint the Petitioner foie Executor of her said Will; the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-

and that (he did by One of the said Codicils direct that merit for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of

the Petitioner should, as soon as he conveniently could in the room of the honourable Colonel Robert

after her Decease, by Act of Parliament or otherwise, Brudenell, deceased,

take upon himself, and use, the Surname of Gott;

and that on the Death of the said Mary Gott, the Peti- A Motion being made. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Wareham tioner proved the said Will and Codicils in the Preroga- Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new tive Court of Canterbury; and is willing and ddirous Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this pre-to take upon himself, by the Authority of Parliament, sent Parliament for the Borough of , in the

the Surname of Gott, pursuant to the said Will: And County of Dorfei, in the room of Ralph Burton, Esquire, therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in deceased;

a Bill to enable the Petitioner to take and use the Sur- A Member present informed the House, That he was name of Gott, pursuant to the Will of the said Mary Gott, present at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this deceased. present Parliament for the said Borough of Wareham;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- that there were no other Candidates than the said Ralph suant to the Prayer of the (’aid Petition: And that Mr. Burton, Esquire, and Robert Esquire; and that

Sandysand Mr. Harborddo prepare, and bring in, the there was no Dispute concerning the Right of Election,

lame, nor any Person, who offered to poll, was refused or

objected to 5 nor any kind of Opposition to the Election 6*. Martin A Petition of several Inhabitants of Saint Martin Le of the said Ralph Burton, or the said Robert Palk. p* GranJ, Grand, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the Then the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do

a*ing, &c. j_joufe? an(j reac]. se’tting forth, That if the Liberty of issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make Saint Marlin Le Grand was properly paved, cleansed, out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve lighted, and watched, and all Obstructions and Annoy- in this present Parliament for the said Borough of ances removed, it would be of great Benefit to the Peti- ham, in the room of the said Ralph t Esquire,

tioners, and to all Persons having Estates and Property deceased;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, jj^/ } W

„ t vt V Admiral ,7

Tdlers for the Noes, j Mf J 143.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue his

Warrant

therein: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give then} such Relief therein as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ol aCommittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Harbord, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fife of the Vol. p.

24

io° Navem.

A. 1768.

Rathergka Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ. Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of glen, Glasgow, Dumbarton, and ,in the room of the Right honourable Frederick commonly

called Lord Frederick Campbell; who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Lord Clerk Register of Scotland

A Member present informed the House, That he was present at the last Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs; that there was no other Candidate than the said Lord . Frederick Campbell; that all the Four Commissioners fqr the said Burghs of Rut her glen, , and

Renfrew, gave their Votes for the said Lord Frederick Campbell; and that there was no Objection made to the Right of any of the said Commissioners to give their Vote, nor any kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Lord Frederick Campbell.

Then the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 18th Day of December 1765, in relation to the same of Sir Harry Er/kine, Baronet, who was returned as the Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the District of Burghs of Anjlruther Easier, Anjlruther

Crail, and Pittenweem, was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs of

Glasgow, Dumbarton, and , in the room of the said Lord Frederick Campbell.

Richmond Sir Laurence Dundas, Baronet, being chosen a Citizen

(Yorkslure) to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Writ- burgh, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of Yorkmade his Election for the said City of Edinburgh.

And a Motion being made. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, in the room of the said Sir Laurence Dundas;

A Member present informed the House, That he was present at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Richmond that there were no other Candidates than the said Sir Laurence Dundas, and Alexander Wedderburn, Esquirej that there was no Dispute about the Right of Election, nor any Person offered to Poll who was refused or objected; nor any kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Sir Laurence Dundas, or to the said Alexander Wedderburn.

The said Member also informed the House, That he was present at the last Election of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Edinburgh-, that there was no other Candidate than the said Sir Laurence Dundasj that there was no Dispute about the Right of Election, nor any Person offered to poll who was refused or objected to; nor any kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Sir Laurence Dundas.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Richmond, in the room of the said Sir Laurence Dundas, Baronet.

Addref$ on The Lord Henley reported from. the Committee the King’s appointed on Tuesday last to draw up an Address to be Speech, presented to His Majesty, that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects,

the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We beg Leave to affine Your Majesty, that, duly fenfihle of the Importance of those great Commercial Interests pointed out to us by Your Majesty, we will, with all convenient Dispatch, enter upon the Consideration of them, and will use our utmost Endeavours to adjust and regulate them in such a Manner as may be productive of solid and lading Advantages to the Public.

We most gratefully acknowledge Your Majesty’s paternal Regard for the Ease and Welfare of Your People, which has made You everdefirous of continuing to them the Blessings of Peace; at the same Time we entirely rtly on Your Majesty’s constant and watchful Attention to the general Interests of Europe and feel the highest Satisfaction from Your Gracious Declaration, that no Confederation shall prevail on Your Majesty to sufi'erany Attempt which may be made, derogatory to the Honour of Your Crown, or injurious to the Rights of Your People.

We sincerely lament that the Arts of wicked and designing Men should have been able to rekindle that Flame of Sedition in some of Your Majesty’s Colonies in North America, which, at the Clofc of the late Parliament, Your Majesty saw Reason to hope was well nigh extinguished.

We shall be ever ready to hear and redress any real Grievance of Your Majesty’s American Subjects; but we should betray the Trust reposed in us, if we did not withstand every Attempt to infringe or weaken our just Rights; and we shall always consider it as one of our most important Duties, to maintain intire and inviolate the supreme Authority of the Legislature of Great Britain over every Part of the British Empire.

We beg Leave to present our most dutiful Thanks to Your Majesty, for having taken l'uch Steps as You judged necessary for supporting the Constitution, and for repressing that Spirit of Fadtion and Disobedience, which, in the chief Town of One of Your Majesty’s Colonies, appears to have proceeded even to Acts of Violence, in direct Defiance of all legal Authority; and we will, by every Means in our Power, chearfully and zealously support Your' Majesty in all such future Measures as shall be found requisite to enforce a due Obedience to the Laws, to restore Order and good Government where they have been disturbed, and to establish the constitutional Dependance of the Colonies on Great Britain, so essential to the Interest and Prosperity of both.

With Hearts full of Gratitude to the Divine Goodness, we partake of the Joy which fills Your Majesty’s Royal Breast, on seeing the poorer Sort of Your People relieved from the Distress which they have lately fullered by the high Price of Corn; and we will, by every prudent Measure, endeavour to guard as far as in us lies against the Return of that Calamity.

Your faithful Commons will, with the utmost Zeal and Alacrity, grant to Your Majesty every necessary Supply; and study to manifest in all their Proceedings that uniform Attachment to the public Good, winch Your Majesty is graciously pleased to recommend to them, and of which Your Majesty’s own Conduct furnishes an illustrious Example.

The said Address being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out after " Throne" and before " beg" the Word " We" and inserting " And" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, that the Word " We" stand Part of the said Address;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, that the Word ,f And" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the

laid

9 Geo. III.

io° Novembris.

25

said Address, by inferring after the next Word " to" these Words; " congratulate Your Majesty upon the " safe Delivery of the Queen, and the Birth of another " Princess; an Event which mutt afford the greatest " Comfort to all Your Majesty’s Subjects, as it is an Increase of Your own domestic Felicity, and an additional Security that the Blessings we enjoy under Your Majesty’s aulpicious Government will be continued to " our latest Posterity. We";

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Address, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemitie contradicente; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

And beg Leave to congratulate Your Majesty upon the safe Delivery of the Queen, and the Birth of another Princess an Event which must afford the greatest Comfort to all Your Majesty’s Subjects, as it is an Increase of Your own domestic Felicity, and an additional Security that the Blessings we enjoy under Your Majesty’s auspicious Government will be continued to our latest Posterity.

We assure Your Majesty, that, duly sensible of the Importance of those great Commercial Interests pointed out to us by Your Majesty, we will, with all convenient Dispatch, enter upon the Confederation of them, and will life our utmost Endeavours to adjust and regulate them in such Manner as may be productive of solid and lading Advantages to the Public.

We most gratefully acknowledge Your Majesty’s pa-nal Regard for the Ease and Welfare of Your People, Which has made You ever desirous of continuing to them the Blessings of Peace; at the same Time, we entirely rely on Your Majesty’s constant and watchful Attention to the general Interests of Europe', and feel the highest Satisfaction from Your Gracious Declaration, that no Consideration shall prevail on Your Majesty to suffer any Attempt which may be made, derogatory to the Honour of Your Crown, or injurious to the Rights of Your People.

We sincerely lament, that the Arts of wicked and designing Men should have been able to rekindle that Flame of Sedition in some of Your Majesty’s Colonies in North America, which, at the Close of the late Parliament, Your Majesty saw Reason to hope was well nigh extinguished.

We shall be ever ready to hear and redress any real Grievance of Your Majesty’s American Subjects; but we should betray the Trust reposed in us, if we did not withstand every Attempt to infringe or weaken our just Rights; and we shall always consider it as One of our most important Duties, to maintain entire and inviolate the supreme Authority of the Legislature of Great Britain over every Part of the British Empire.

We beg Leave to present our most dutiful Thanks to Your Majesty, for having taken such Steps as You judged necessary for supporting the Constitution and for repressing that Spirit of FaClion and Disobedience, which, in the chief Town of one of Your Majesty’s Colonies, appears to have proceeded even to Acts of Violence, in direct Defiance of all legal Authority; and we will, by every Means in our Power, cheerfully and zealously support Your Majesty in all such future Measures as shall be found requisite to enforce a due Obedience to the Laws, to restore Order and good Government where they have been disturbed, and to establish the Constitutional Dependance of the Colonies on Great Britain, so essential to the Interest and Prosperity of both.

With Hearts full of Gratitude to the Divine Goodness, ,we partake of the Joy which fills Your Majesty’s

Vol. 32.

Royal Bread, on seeing the poorer Sort of Your People relieved from the Distress which they have lately differed by the high Price of Corn 1 and we will, by every prudent Measure, endeavour to guard as far as in us lies against the Return of that Calamity.

Your faithful Commons will with the utmost Zeal and Alacrity grant to Your Majesty every necessary Supply; and study to manifest in all their Proceedings that uniform Attachment to the Public Good, which Your Majesty is graciously pleased to recommend to them, and of which Your Majesty’s own Conduct furnishes an illustrious Example.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable'Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Resolved, Nomine contradicente, That a Message be sent to Her Majesty, with the Congratulations of this onlhe*Birth House on Her Majesty’s happy Delivery, and the Birth of a Princek. of another Princess; and to assure Her Majesty, that this House feels the most sincere and unfeigned Joy, at every Increase of Her Majesty’s domestic Happiness; and that they consider this joyful Event, as affording an additional Stability to those inestimable Blessings which these Kingdoms have derived from the wife and auspicious Government of His Majesty’s most illustrious Family.

Ordered, That the Lord Garlies, Mr. the Lord Beauchamp, the Lord Mountftewart, Sir George Macartney, Mr. Cooper, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir George Savi/e, Me. Willoughby, and Mr. Pugh Pryfe, do attend Her Majesty with the said Message.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to King’s Speech both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration to be Tomorrow Morning. considered.

A Petition of the honourable Stephen Fox was pre- New Strain fented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That at Election, the last Elettion of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, the honourable Edward Bouverie, Henry Dawkins, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates, and that, upon the close of the Poll, the Petitioner had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and was duly elected, and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly; yet a Double Return is made as to the Petitioner and the said Henry Dawkins, to the great Wrong and Prejudice of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and order the said Return to be amended, or grant him such other Relief as shall seem agreeable to Justice and Equity.

A Member present informed the House, he was authorized by Henry Dawkins, Esquire, who is returned in the said Double Return, to acquaint the House, that the said Mr. Dawkins desires not to contest the Matter of the Election or Return for the said City, with the said Mr. Fox.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, with the Return for the said City of New Sarum.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, with the said Return, the said Return was read; and it appeared that there were Two Indentures of Return made; in One of which the honourable Edward Bouverie was returned singly; and in the other the said Mr. Bouverie, the said Mr. Fox, and the said Mr. Dawkins, were returned.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do amend the Return for the said City of New Sarum, by taking off the File the Indenture of Return in which the honourable Edward Bouverie, the honourable Stephen Fox, and Henry Dawkinsy Esquire, are returned; and

H inserting,

26 10° Novembris. 1768.

inferring, in the other of the said Indentures, the Name of the honourable Stephen ►

And he took the said First-mentioned Indenture of Return off the File, and amended' the said other Indenture of Return accordingly.

And Notice being taken, upon the said last mentioned Indenture of Return being again read, that some further Alterations therein were necessary, in Consequence of the said Amendment;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do make the said further Alterations in the said Indenture of Return.

And he made the same accordingly.

Ordered, That all Persons claiming to have a Right of voting at Elections for Citizens to lerve in Parliament for the said City of New Sarum, be at Liberty to petition this House, touching the Election for the said City, within Fourteen Days next, if they think fit.

Haddington, A Petition of Patrick Warrender, Esquire, was pre-&c; fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the

Electiort Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Boroughs of Haddington, Jedburgh, North Ber-

wick, and Lauder, was had at Dunbar upon the nthof April last, the Commissioners of that Borough, as well as of North Berwick, and Two Persons pretending to be Commissioners from Haddington and Lauder, attending; and the Petitioner was then legally chosen and returned by the Sheriff of the County of Haddington, the proper Officer; but Two Persons assuming the Character of Commissioners from the Boroughs of Haddington and Lauder, though other Persons, as Commissioners from those two Boroughs, had attended and voted in the Election had at Dunbar?having taken upon themselves, without any Precept or other Notice from the Sheriff of the County of Roxburgh, to meet at the disfranchised Borough of Jedburgh, and there to Vote for the honourable John Maitlaud to be Member; that the Sheriff of Roxburgh, notwithstanding that the said pretended Election was not made under any Authority proceeding from him, and that the Town Clerk, the Officer appointed by Law for notifying such Election to the Sheriff, refused to concur therein, has returned the said John Maitland, in manifest Wrong to the Petitioner, and in Violation of Law; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall feetn reasonable.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the 8th Day of December next.

Northampton A Petition of the honourable , was pre-

Eletftion. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Northampton, Sir George Baronet,

Sir George Bridges Rodney, Baronet, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and Thomas Breton, Esquire, the Mayor, and William Gibj and John Newcome, Gentlemen, the Bailiffs of the said Borough, were the Returning Officers; and that the said Returning Officers, from the Commencement of the Canvass, gave notorious and repeated Proofs of their Attachment to the other Candidates; and during the whole Course of the Poll behaved with the utmost Partiality, admitting great Numbers of Persons to vote for the other Candidates, who had no Colour of Right, and rejecting several Persons who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and who had an undoubted Right of voting according to the last Determination of this honourable House; and that the said Returning Officers in many Instances admitted Persons to vote for the other Candidates whose Circumstances were precisely similar to those of others whom they had re-jeded on the Side of the Petitioner; and that in Consequence of those and other illegal and unwarrantable

Methods, the said Sir George Osborne, and Sir George Bridges Rodney, were returned as duly elected, although the Petitioner had a considerable Majority of legal Voters, if the Right of voting had been fairly and impartially consulted:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tu the 6th Day of December next.

A Petition of Henry Fletcher, Esquire, was presented Cumberland to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the late EWMon. Election of Knights to fertfe in the present Parliament for the County of Cumberland, Henry, Curwen, Esquire,

Sir James Lowther, Baronet, Humphry "Senhouse, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates $ and that divers unwarrantable Practices were used by and on Behalf of Sir James Lowther and Mr. Senhouse, as well before as during the Poll, in the Course of which the Sheriff of the said County acted with great Partiality and Unfair-ness in favour of the said Sir James Lowther and Mr.

Senhouse, improperly rejeding very great Numbers of Voters who tendered their Voices for Mr. Curwen and the Petitioner, and admitting many Persons to vote for the said Sir James Lowther and Mr. Senhouse, who were not qualified so to do; notwithstanding which, a considerable Majority of Votes appeared, at the Close of the Poll, to have been admitted to vote for the said Mr.

Curwen and the Petitioner; and that the Sheriff, after the Poll was elofed, took some Days Time before he made his Return; declaring, that he wanted to be satisfied as to the Right of voting of some of the Voters who were admitted upon the Poll, and respecting which, during the Course and at the Close of the Poll, and in the Time that intervened before the Return was made, he promised to receive Evidence, and hear what could be offered in Argument; and that in Consequence of such Promise, Evidence was offered to be produced, and Counsel, on Behalf of the Petitioner, pressed to be heard in Support of several of such Voters Rights, but the Sheriff refused to receive the Evidence, or hear the Arguments of Counsel, and arbitrarily proceeded to reject a considerable Number of them, notwithstanding his Promise made as aforesaid, , and by that Means left a pretended Majority of Two in favour of Sir James Lowther, against the Petitioner; and; under Colour thereof, unduly returned Sir James Lowther as One of the Knights for the said County, to the great Prejudice of the Rights of the Freeholders of the said County, and of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Law: And therefore praying. That the said Return may be altered, by erasing the Name of Sir James Lowther, and inserting the Name of the Petitioner in his Stead; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as the Nature of his same requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon T the ift Day of December next;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz. to leave out " Thursday" and insert " Tuesday" instead thereof; and to leave out " ill" and insert " 13th" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Thursday" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp ,1 c v f Sir William Meredith, 7

Tellers for the Yeas. J -47-

t* 11 c.u vt V Sir Charles , 7

Tellers for the Noes,} Mf_ DM f Ml-

So

i o° Novembris.

9 Geo. III.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the tft Day of December next.

Cumberland A Petition of several Persons whose Names are there-Election. unto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Cumberland: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Freeholders of the County of Cumberland;

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a great Majority of undoubted Freeholders, among whom were the Petitioners, appeared at the last Election for the County of Cumberland, for Henry and Henry and tendered their Votes on their Behalf} and that Sir Gilfrid , Baronet, the High

Sheriff and Returning Officer, in a most arbitrary and illegal Manner rejected the Votes of the Petitioners, and admitted a great Number of VoteTs in the Interest of Sir James and HumphrySen who . either had no Pre-

tence of Right, or flood precisely in the same Circumstances with those whom he had rejected on the other Side; and that during the C'Ourse of the said Poll, which lasted Nineteen Days, the said High Sheriff gave out, from Time to Time, various Resolutions in Writing, according to which, as he professed, the Right of Voting should be determined} notwithstanding which, he never scrupled to admit or reject Votes for the Service of the said Sir James , in

direct Contradiction to those very Resolutions which he himself had made} and that some frivolous Objections having been made to some of the said Curwen and Fletcher's, Voters, for want of certain Evidence of their Title, the said High Sheriff directed the Names of such Voters to be entered upon the Poll Book with Queries annexed, at the same Time promising to receive the ' Evidence in Question at some Time before the Return was made} but after the Close of the Poll, though such Evidence was frequently tendered to him, both in Private and Public; and though Three Days elapsed between the Close of the Poll and the Return, he, the said High Sheriff, utterly refused to admit such Evidence, and arbitrarily rejected those very Votes, in Breach of his said Promise, solemnly and repeatedly given} and that notwithstanding those and many other Artifices, uniformly and obstinately pursued, a Majority of Two Votes only was procured for Sir James Lowther} in consequence of which, be was returned with the said Henry Curwen; and that the Rights of the Petitioners having been wantonly trampled on, and most flagrantly and unjustly invaded on this Occasion, beyond any Precedent of former Times, even in the most corrupt Elections: Therefore praying the Justice of the House, and that the Petitioners may be relieved upon the Matter of the Return of the said Sir James , in such Man-

ner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of Henry , Esquire,

is heard.

f /

Prefion A Petition of Sir Henry Baronet, and John

£ledian. Burgoytie, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners being Candidates at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County Palatine of Lancaster, were duly elected, by a very great Vol. 32.

27

Majority of the Persons qualified to vote by the Constitution of the said Borough; but that Robert Moss, Esquire, Barrister at Law, the Mayor of the said Borough, with Robert Farrer, One of the Bailiffs of the said Borough, presiding at the said Election as Returning Officers, conducted the Poll with the most apparent Partiality to the Interest of Sir Peter Leicester and Sir Frank , Baronets, the other Candidates; rejecting, without any good Reason assigned, or any just Exception, a very great Majority of the Persons entitled to vote by the Constitution of the Borough, the last Resolution of the House, and the Statutes making such Resolution final: And that the said Mayor and Bailiff, not content with a false, arbitrary, and-illegal Definition of the Right of Election, also rejected, under the most frivolous Pretences, many Persons who voted for the Petitioners, although they were within their own Description of Qualification, and although they received many others, in favour of Sir Peter Leicester and Sir Frank Standish, in Circumstances exactly similar to many of the Votes for the Petitioners so rejected; and that, under Colour of a very small Majority, obtained through those and divers other arbitrary and illegal Practices of the said Mayor and Bailiff, the said Sir Peter Leicester and Sir Frank Standish have been returned by the said Mayor and Bailiff as having been duly elected to represent the said Borough in Parliament, contrary to the Truth, the last Resolution of the House concerning the Right of Election for the said Borough, dn Defiance of the Laws requiring fair and free Elections, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Electors, and to the great Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as they shall appear to merit, and to do further therein as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 29th Day of this Instant November.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the said Election, the Petitioners, and many other of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, being a very great Majority of the Persons legally entitled, by the Constitution of the said Borough, to vote on that Occasion, voted for Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, and John Burgoyne, Esquire; but that the Returning Officers took upon them to reject the Votes of the Petitioners, and divers others, wjio voted for the said Sir Henry Hoghton and John Burgoyne, under various Pretences, all either void of Foundation in Truth, or, though true, insufficient, as the Petitioners conceive, to support any solid Objection to the Votes so rejected; particularly, with a View and Design to render the fending Members to Parliament for the said Borough wholly subservient to the Will and Pleasure of themselves and the rest of the Body Corporate of the said Borough, they pretended that the Franchise of an Inn Burgess of the said Borough being among the Requisites to a Qualification to vote, and the Petitioners and others not being such, had not any Right to give their Votes, although the last Resolution of the House, concerning the Right of Election for the said Borough, was produced and proved at the said Election, whereby,

and

Preston

Election.

Ditto.

2%

io° Novembris.

A. 1768.

Bewdley

Election.

by the Statute made in Confirmation of the last the Course of the said Election, paid an implicit Obedi-Resolutions of the House, the Petitioners hum- ence to the Dictates of the said Lord Perceval and bly conceive the Privilege of them, and all other jamitt Allen, unjustly admitted several Persons, who had the Inhabitants of the said Borough, to vote for no Right of voting, to vote for them, arbitrarily refused Members to serve in Parliament for the said and rejected many other Persons, duly qualified, who Borough, was established and confirmed, and the tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and proceeded in Returning Officers ought not to have violated a Manner inconsistent with Law and Justice, and repug-or impeached the fame; that they, though re- nant to the Right of Election and the Custom and Con-gardless of the just Rights of the Petitioners, stitution of the said Borough; and that, by the said par-permitted several Persons, who had no Right, to tial and illegal Means, a Return was made in manifest poll for the said Sir Peter Leicester and Sir Frank Wrong of the Petitioner, who had an undoubted and Standish-, and that, by those and divers other great Majority of Votes over both the said Lord Perceval partial and illegal Practices of the said Returning and Benjamin Allen, and ought in Justice to have been Officers, and of the said Sir Peter Leicester and returned as One of the Burgesses to represent the said Sir Frank Standish, a colourable Majority was Borough in this present Parliament: And therefore pray-obtained for them against the said Sir Henry ing the House t'o take the Premises into Consideration,

and grant such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 26th Day

of January next.

A Petition of the Capital Burgesses, and other Electors, of the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and other Eledorsof the said Borough, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, notwithstanding the illegal and unjust Proceedings of Samuel Phelps, the Returning Officer, the Privileges may be preserved to them, and that said Anne had a great and undoubted Majority of

the House will take the Premises into Considera- legal Votes at the said Election, and ought therefore to tion, and do therein as shall seem meet. have been returned as One of the Burgesses to serve in

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be this present Parliament for the said Borough; yet the beard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that said Samuel Phelps did not return the said Anne the Matter of the Petition of Sir Henry Hoghton and John but, on the contrary, in tnanifeft Breach of his Duty,

Burgoyne, Esquire, is heard. and to the utter Subversion of the Rights and Privileges

of the Petitioners, did falsely and unduly return the said A Petition of Sir Edward Winninglon, of Stanford Lord Perceval and Benjamin Allen, as Burgesses to repre-Court, in the County of Worcester, Baronet, was present the said Borough in Parliament; and that, by fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at Means of the said illicit and pernicious Practices, the the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Petitioners are greatly aggrieved, the Freedom of Elec-the-Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, the 'tions violated, the Rights and Privities of the Petition-honourable Thomas Lyttelton and the Petitioner were ers subverted, and the Custom and Constitution of the

Hoghton and John Burgoyne; and the said Returning Officers have unduly returned the said Sir Peter Leicester and Sir Frank Standish, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and also of the said Sir Henry Hoghton and John Burgoyne, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; and that the Petitioners, thus unjustly dripped of their Franchises, and they, with the Electors in general, deprived of the Representatives of their Choice, and having others imposed on them whom they have not chosen, can have no adequate Redress but from this honourable House: And therefore praying. That their Rights and

Election.

Ckndi^ates; and that, upon calling up the Poll, the Petitioner had a Majority of Voters who had a Right to poll at the said Election but the returning Officer admitted several Persons to vote against the Petitioner, though they had no Right so to do, and returned the said Thomas Lyttelton in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be

laid Borough annihilated: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of the honourable Anne Poulett is heard.

A Petition of Henry Strachey, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election for Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament

heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 17th for the Borough of PontefraEl, in the County of York,

Bridgewater

Election.

Ponte fraft Election.

William Monckton, Lord Viscount Gallway, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and that Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, declared himself also a Candidate; and that, on Monday the 21st Day of March last, being the Day appointed for the said Election, several hundred Persons, col left ed from different

Day of January next.

A Petition of the honourable Anne Poulett was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, the Right honourable John James Perceval, Esquire, Parts of the adjacent Country, assembled in the Town of commonly called Lord Viscount Perceval, and Benjamin PontrefraSl, in a riotous and tumultuous Manner, with Allen, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and Colours flying, and armed with Bludgeons and other Samuel Phelps, Esquire, presided as Mayor and Returning offensive Weapons, determining to obtain, by Force and Officer; and that the said Lord Perceval and Benjamin Violence, a Return in favour of Sir Rowland Winn; and Allen, by themselves or their Agents, and others em- that the said Persons, having conducted Sir ployed by them, both before and at the Time of Elec- to the Moot-Hall, or Place of Election, took Possession tion, made use of several illegal and unwarrantable of the Avenues and Approaches, and planted their Colours Methods, in order to procure a Return of the said Lord near the Door of the said Hall; that they kept Possession Perceval and Benjamin Allen, as Burgesses to serve in Par- of the main Street during the Poll, and committed the liament for the said Borough; and that the said Samuel most flagrant Injuries against the Persons and Properties Phelps, predetermined in all Events not to return the of some of the Voters, who had voted for Lord Galtway Petitioner, was guilty of gross Partiality, and, during and the Petitioner, and also against the Persons of many 1 other

9 Geo. III. io °Novembris.29

other Voters, who were desirous of voting for Lord Gall- many other Burgesses, fiavfc been deprived of the Exes-way and the Petitioner, many of whom, when they at- cife of their Franchises, and the Persons so returned are tempted to go into the Moot-Hall, in order to give their not in Truth the RepresentAtiVeS of the Borough of Votes, were aflaul ted and repulsed by the said Rioters, tej but the said Return is wholly illegal, a great who, during the whole Time of the Election, were vi-' Injustice to the said Mr. and the Petitioners, an

sibly, notoriously, and avowedly, under the Influence high Violation of the Freedom of Election, and a most and Direction of Sir Rowland Winn, his Friends and daring Insult upon the Rights and Authority of Parlia-Agents; and that "Thomas Popplewell, Esquire, the Mayor ment: And therefore praying the House to take the Pre-and Returning Officer of the said Borough, was, by the mises into Consideration, to restore the Petitioners to outrageous Behaviour of the Rioters, and in Fear for his their undoubted Right of voting, and to inflict such Pu-Life and Property, compelled to declare the Election of nishment upon the Offenders as shall seem meet.

Lord Gallway and Sir RowlandIVinn, and signed a Re- That the Matter of the said Petition be heard

turn accordingly, although he knew that a great Majo- at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Mat- -rity oflegal Voters would have presented themselves and ter of the Petition of Henry , Esquire, is heard,

voted on behalf of Lord Gallway and the Petitioner, if

they had not been intimidated and prevented by the Vio- A Petition of Thomas Thoroton and Charles , Bramber

lence of the above-mentioned Proceedings; and that Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; Set-the Petitioner having discovered the Names of some of ting forth, That, at the lad Election of Burgesses to ' the Rioters who had obstructed and hindered the Free- serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the

dom of the Election, filed an Information them, County o the Petitioners, and Lord Winter ton,

which was tried at the last Assizes held for the County of and Charles , Esquire, were Candidates; and Ben-

York, by a Special Jury, and all the Defendants were, jamin Davy; as Constable, presided, and was the Re-upon the cleared Proof, found guilty of the whole turning Officer} and who, during the course of the Charge: The Petitioner therefore prays, That he may be whole Poll, behaved with the utmost partiality in Favour heard byhisCounfelagainflthe said Election and Return, of Lord Winterton and Mr. , the Sitting Mem-

and may be relieved in such Manner as to the House shall bers, by admitting several Persons to poll for them who seem meet. had no colour of Right, and by refusing several Persons

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard who offered to vote for the Petitioners, and who had an at the Bar of this House. undoubted Right, and did by his Conduct, as well as

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard frequent Declarations, both before and during the Time at the Bar of this. House, upon this Day Fortnight, the of the Poll, shew a determined Resolution to return Lord 24th Day of this Instant November. , Winterton and Mr. Lowndes, as duly elected, in all

Ditto A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Events; and that, by such and several other illegal and thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses of the Borough of unwarrantable Proceedings of the said Benjamin Davy PontefraPl, in the County of York, on Behalf of them- and others, both before and during the Time of the selves and divers other Burgesses of the said. Borough, Election, a pretended Majority hath been procured in was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. Favour of the Sitting Members, to the manifell Preju-That, on the 21st of March last, being the Day ap- dice of the Petitioners, who had a clear Majority of legal pointed for the said Election, a great Number of Barge- Votes, and ought to have been elected and returned for men, Colliers, and other Persons, collected from the ad- the said Borough: And therefore praying the House jacent Country, assembled themselves together, armed to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the , with Bludgeons and other offensive Weapons, and in a Petitioners such Relief as shall seem reasonable. moll outrageous and illegal Manner disturbed the Free- , That the Matter of the said Petition be heard

dom of the said Election, by menacing, assaulting, and at the Bar of this House.

wounding divers of the said Burgesses, who either had That the Matter of the said Petition be heard

given, or were desirous of giving, their Votes for the at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 13th Day of laid Lord Gallway and Mr. Strachey, in consequence of December next, which, the Petitioners, and many other Persons, were

intimidated, and prevented from tendering their Votes at A Petition of Edward Lezvis, Esquire, was presented to New Radnor

the said Election, and some of them actually left the the House, and read; Setting forth, That John Lezvis, Ele&k>n* Town, and others did not dare to appear at the Place of Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates at the last Election, apprehending their Lives to be in imminent Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Danger from the Violence of the said Rioters; and that the Borough of; and the Petitioner, having a

Persons guilty of these outrageous ProceedingsTepeatedly Majority of legal Votes, ought to have been returned declared themselves to be Partizans of the said Sir Rozv- accordingly; but that Benjamin Alford, Bailiff and Re-land 'Winn, and appeared throughout to be wholly under turning Officer of the said Borough, being under undue the Influence and Management of him, his Friends, and Influence, did admit several Persons to poll for the said Agents; and that, by Reason of the said Persons polling John Lewis who had no Right of voting, and refuted 1

themselves at the Avenues leading to the Place of Elec- others who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, al-tion, and threatening Destruction to all that were not in though they had an undoubted Right, and did otherwise the Interest of the said Sir Rowland Winn, the Voters for aft with manifell Partiality in favour of the said John Sir Rowland Winn had free Access, and the Petitioners, Lewis, whom he hath returned as Mfember for the said and(many other l^gal Voters, were obstructed, and de- Borough; whereby, and by many other unjust and ille-barred from offering their Votes in favour of the said gal Proceedings and Practices, as well before the Corn-Lord Gallway and Mr. Strachey, as they intended to mencement of the said Election as during the Continu-bave done; and that Thomas Popplezvell, Esquire, the ance thereof, the Petitioner and the legal Electors have Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, was been greatly injured: And therefore praying the House by Violence and Terror influenced to return the said to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Lord Gallway and Sir Rowland Winn as duly elected, al- Relief as shall seem meet.

though it was well known to him, and the said Lord Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard Callway and Sir Rowland Winn, that a great Majority at the Bar of this House.

oflegal Voters would have appeared on Behalf of the Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard said Lord Gallway and Mr. Strachey, if the Freedom of at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 19th Day Election had not been disturbed in the daring and out- of January next, rageous Manner above-mentioned; and that, in consequence of these illegal Proceedings, the Petitioners, and A Petition of the honourable George Lane Parker was VoL. 32. I k presented

jo toc JVotembris. 1768.

Yarmouth presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, (Ifleof by the Constitution of the Borough of Yarmouth, in the SSL <* */»’*'. in the County of Southampton the same is ' tc ion" to consist of a Mayor and Twelve Chief Burgesses (including the Mayor,) and an indefinite Number of Free Burgesses, or Burgesses at large} and by a Bye Law, established by a solemn Refoiutian of this House, no such Free Burgess can be made, unless the Mayor and Five of the Chief Burgesses be present, and give their Assent; and that at the late General Election, at which Richard Warner, Esquire, presided as Mayor, the Petitioner, with Thomas Dummer, Esquire, flood Candidates, against Jer-voife Clarke and William , Esquires, when the said

Mr. Clarke and Mr. Strode offering to poll several Persons who were not made agreeable to the said Bye Law, the Petitioner and Mr. D produced and read to the said Mr. Warner the said Bye Law, and also the said Resolution, and objected to such Persons being admitted to poll; notwithstanding which, he, in express Contradiction to the said Bye Law, and in open and wilful Violation of the solemn Determinations of this House (to which he refused to pay the least Regard)took upon bim-self, in a most arbitrary and illegal Manner, to admit such Persons to poll for the said Mr and Mr. Strode;

by which Means, and other gross Partiality and arbitrary Proceedings of the said Mr. , the said Mr. Clarke

and Mr. Strode were made to have a Majority of Votes; whereas, if the said Mr. Warner had observed the Resolutions of this House, the Petitioner and Mr. Dummer would have had a very considerable Majority of legal Votes; and yet the said Mr. Warner took upon himself to return the said Mr. Clarke and Mr. , to the Prejudice of the Petitioner and the said Mr. , and in

Violation of the Rights of the said Borough, and in open Contempt of the solemn Resolutions of this House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 15th Day of December next.

Abingdon A Petition of Nathaniel Esquire, was presented

Election. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, John Morton, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates} and that, upon closing the Poll, upon the Sixteenth Day of March last, the Number of Voters for Mr. Morton appeared to be One hundred and Twenty-six, and for the Petitioner, One hundred and Twenty-four; and that Seventeen of those who voted for Mr. Morton claimed their Right of voting in consequence of being rated in a Rate for the Relief of the Poor, made the Twenty-seventh Day of February last; and Thirty others, who voted for Mr. Morton, claimed their Right of voting in consequence of a Rate for the Relief of the Poor, made afterwards, upon the Eleventh Day of March last, bfciftg the Day of the Difsolution of the Parliament j which last mentioned Rate was allowed and confirmed by the Mayor, and the other Justice of the Peace for the said Borough,' upon the Twelfth, and published upon the Thirteenth, Day of March, being the Day after the Notice given by the Mayor for the said Election to be on the Wednesday following; and that most of the said Forty-seven Voters were needy and diffrefied Persons, and had never been assessed in any of the Rates before, but were inferred in a those new Rates occasionally, for the Purpose of this Election; and many others were, for the like Purpose, left out of the said Two last mentioned Rates, who were better able to bear the Charges of the Parish j and that several of the said Forty-seven, who voted for Mr. Morton, were otherwise disqualified, some for not being Parishioners, One being only a Certificate Person} and some for x

having received Alms and other Charities; and that the said Mayor, who was the Returning Officer^and the said Mr. Morton and his Agents, previous to the said Election, and during the whole course of the Poll, were guilty of divers corrupt, partial, and illegal Practices, by which a Return has been procured in Favour of the said Mr. Morton, and a Scrutiny denied, though demanded, in manifest Wrong to the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Rights and Franchises of the Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as the Nature of his same shall, upon Examination, in Justice require.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 31st Day of January next.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of - Ditto. don, having a Right to vote in the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also pre-feented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Nathaniel Bayly, Esquire, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but that George Knapp, th&

Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, previous to the said Election, and during the course of the Poll, and the Agents of the said Mr. Morton, were guilty of several corrupt, partial, illegal, and unwarrantable Proceedings; and that several Persons were, by the said Returning Officer, admitted to poll for the said Mr.

Morton, who had no Right, and some Persons who offered to poll for the said Mr. Bayly were refused, who had an undoubted Right of voting; whereby a pretended Majority was procured in favour of Mr. Morton; in consequence whereof he was returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Violation of the several Laws made for securing the Freedom of Elections, and of the Rights of the Petitioners in chusing their Repre-fentative: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Redress as the Justice of their same may require.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of Nathaniel Bayly, Esquire, is heard.

A Petition of Hugh Owen was presented to the House, Pembroke

and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Electioa, Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Pembroke, Sir Richard Philipps, Baronet, and the Petitioner,^were Candidates; and that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but that John Griffiths, the High Sheriff, although he in Person presided at the Ele&iou, illegally appointed several Attornies at Law, who were Friends to the Sitting Member, as Deputies, to determine the Legality of Votes, which Deputies were not ftvorn to do indifferent Justice between the Candidates; and accordingly, not being bound byOaths, or other Security, several of them behaved in the most partial, arbitrary, and illegal Manner; the Deputies in the different Booths acting by different Rules, and determining the same legal QuestionsdireCUy opposite to each, other, as best suited the Purpose of the Sitting Member; and when Complaint was made, early on the Second Day of the Poll to the High Sheriff, of the unjust and illegal Conduct of those Deputies, and he was himself desired to determine the Legality of Votes, he immediately withdrew from the Polling Places, and wholly absented himself from the Business of the Election until the Poll was just finished, which was late the following Day, when he came back to the Booths to make his Return, but refused to hear any Objections, and denied a Scrutiny of the Votes, though demanded by the Petitioner; and that, by these and many other unwarrantable Practices of the said Sheriff, his Deputies, and also of the Agents of the said Sir Richard Philipps, many Persons were admitted to

vote

9 Geo. III. i o° — 11 ° — -11

vote for the said Sir Richard Philipps who were not duly qualified, and many were refused to poll for the Petitioner, who had an undoubted Right to vote, whereby a pretended Majority was procured for the said Sir Richard Philipps, and he has been accordingly returned to serve in Parliament for the said County, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner^ and in open Defiance of the Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief therein, as shall, upon Examination, appear just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 2d Day of

‘ February next.

Poole A Petition of Joseph Gulston, Esquire, was presented EUaion. the pjoufe> an(] reac]} Setting forth, That at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Poole, in the County of , Thomas Calcrajt, Esquire, Joshua Mauger, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that previous to the said Election, and during the Time of the said Mr.

Mauger's canvassing the said Borough, he had been guilty of a most notorious and flagrant Attempt to bribe the said Corporation of Poole, to ele<ft him a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, by offering f. 1000 to the said Corporation for that Purpose; which laid Offer was made, at the request of the said Mr. Mauger, at a Public Meeting of the Members of the said Corporation, on the 6th Day’ of January last past, at the Town-hall of the said Borough; by Means of which, and several other corrupt, illegal, and unconfti-tutional Measures made use of as well before as at the Election, the said Mr. Mauger procured a Return in his Favour, in manifest Wrong and Injury to the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned, as well as to the uncorrupt Voters of the said Borough, and in open Violation of the Laws of the Land, and the Constitution of Parliament: and therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, that Justice may be done therein, and such Relief granted to the Petitioner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

FoiVey A Petition of John Williams and Thomas Arthington,

Election. EsqU|reS} was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the Election lately holden for electing Burgesses to represent the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, Philip Rajhleigh, James Modyford Haywood, Esquires, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; that the Petitioners were duly elected by a Majority of ' legal Votes, yet Mr. Coryton the Portreeve and Returning Officer of the said Borough, unconftitutionally and illegally refused to accept the'Suffrages of a great Number of qualified Persons who offered to vote, and gave their Voices for the Petitioners, and admitted many others unqualified to vote for Philip Rajhleigh and James Modyford Haywood, Esquires; by which unfair, unwarrantable, and illegal Practices and Proceedings, the said Philip Rajhleigh and James Modyford Haywood, Esquires, were returned as duly elected to represent the Borough of Fowey, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in manifest and open Violation of the Rights of Elections: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and afford the Petitioners such Relief as the Circumstances of their same deserve.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House; upon 'tuesday the 7th Day of February next.

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Vol. 32.

[° Novembris. 31

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Corn; tee. fider of the Laws in being, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 11 ° die Novembris;

Anno 90 Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

MR. Treasurer reported to the House, That His Addrest on Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to die King’* the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know His Majesty’s Sp*®*1* Pleasure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Two of the Clock, at His Palace of St.

James.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take King’s into Consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech ch. to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, that a Supply be granted Supply, to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Corn, ttc. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws in being, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the said Committee.

Thentlxe House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lance, 14° die Nove

Anno 90 Georgii llltil Regis* 1768.

Prayers.

MR. Sandys presented to the House, according to Greening’* Order, a Bill to enable Henry Thomas ^atoe*

Esquire; to take and u(e the Surname of Gott, pursuant to the Will of Mary Gott, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Norris reported from the Committee, to whom ihe Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, &c ’

Gentlemen, Roadi.

1

3 2 140 Notembris. A. 1768,

Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living in and near the Road, leading from the Turnpike Road, at a certain Place called 'Golford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the County of Kent, to and over a certain Green, near the Parish Church of Be-nenden, in the said County of Kent, and from thence to the present Turnpike Road, near the Dwelling House of Richard Humphry, in the Parish of Sandhurst, in the said County; and also from the aforesaid Green, near BenendenChurch aforesaid, to the Bull Inn at Crop, in the said County of Kent; was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Ward being examined, said. That the said Road, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, is become very ruinous and bad, and other Parts, by reason of the Narrowness thereof, are very incommodious and dangerous to Passengers; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law: Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present at the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golford Green, in the Parish of Crattbrook, to the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Sandhurst, and from the Green near Bienenden Church, to the Bull Inn, at Rolvenden Cross, in the County of Kent; and that Mr. Norris, Mr. Fuller, Sir Brook Bridges, and Mr. Sackville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Snittcrby.&c. A Petition of John Gentleman, Lord of

inclosure. the Manor of Snitterby, the Reverend Robert Carter, Rector of Waddingham cum Snitterby, John Bowman, Esquire, Edward Forjler, Esquire, John Purver, Charles Aiftroppe, and others, Proprietor of Lands, and otherwise interested in the open and uninclosed Arable Fields, common Pastures, Carrs, and waste Grounds, or other open and common Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Atterby, in the Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, and within the several Town-ships of Snitterby and IVaddingham, in the Parish of IVaddingham, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Properties of the respective Owners of the said Fields^ Lands, Carrs, and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general so inconveniently situated, as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive; and that the dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds would be beneficial to all Parties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those'Purposes, subject to l'uch Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlozv Bertie, Mr. Charles and Mr.

Whichcot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

People; and your Resolution to maintain the Authority of the Legislature over all the Dominions of My Croyvn.

Ordered, That Mr; Brad/hawdo make the Report Com, &c. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Laws in being, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat and Wheat-flour.

Mr. Bradshaw accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour* be prohibited for a further Time.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was* upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. BradJha the Lord Mr, Onslow, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr.

Cooper, Sir Joseph Maw by, and Mr. Harbord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

o

A Petition of the Proprietors of Lands, and Persons Willey interested in the common and open Fields of Willey, in I*»closure. the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Fields lie intermixed anddifperfed in small Parcels, and are in their present Situation in a great Measure incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said common and open Fields and commonable Places.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Beauchamp and Sir Roger Newdigate do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon BramW Thursday last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, Electi#o. upon T,ufday the 13th Day of December next, the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Thoroton and Charles Ambler,

Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Wednesday the 14th Day of December next.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House Addrefj; ^tended His Majesty on Friday last, with their Address j to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return yojjJHy hearty Thanks for your very dutiful and affwftkrtute Address.

The Attachment which you manifest to Me apd-My Family, jb your Congratulations uponjjie safe'Delivery of the^ueen, and the Birth of^ooftfer Princess, is extremely-^ac|eptabl^,.to Me. Nothing can afford Me greater Satw^oih tt&n the Assurances you give Me of applying your fearnest'Attention to the Relief of My

The House being informed, that the honourable John Haddington, Maitland, who is returned in the Double Return for _ *c* the District of Burghs of Haddington, Jedburgh, Dunbar, c wn* North Berwick, and Lauder, desires not to contest the Matter of the said Election and Return for the said District of Burghs, with Patrick Esquire,

returned also in the said Double Return;

And the House being thereupon also informed, that Patrick Warrender, Esquire, who is returned in the said Double Return, and petitioned complaining thereof, and of the Election for the said District of Burghs, desires to withdraw his Petition;

Ordered,

Kinroft

Election.

Morpeth

Election.

9 Geo. III.

14" Novembris.

33

tions; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to

the House.

the honourable Captain John Maitland is returned.

And he took the said Indenture of Return off the File accordingly.

corrupt Bargain, the Votes and Interest of certain Freeholders in the said County, procured several Persons to be illegally admitted upon the Roll of Freeholders; and having by the same Practices gained a pretended Majo-

Ordered, That the said Mr. Warrender be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Thursday last, for hearing the Matter of the said Petition at the Bar

of this House, upon thursday the 8th Day of December A Petition of Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, was pre- Cirencelter next, be discharged. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at Election.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do the Election of Members to in this present ParJia-attend this House immediately with the Double Return ment for the Borough of , in the County of

for the said District ot Burghs. Gloucester, the Petitioner, and also EJlccurt

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, and James Esquires, were Candidates; and

according to Order, with the said Return, the said Re* John Ready, Gentleman, Steward, and Timothy

turn was read; and it appeared that there were Two Leivis, Gentleman, Bailiff of the said Borough, presided Indentures of Return made, in one of which the honour- as Returning Officers; and that the Petitioner was able Captain John Maitlatidis returned, and in the other elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought have Patrick Warrender, Esquire, is returned. been returned as one of the Members to serve in Par-

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do Jiament for the said Borough; but the said

amend the . Return for the Districft of Burghs of Had- Ready and Timothy Lewis behaved very partially in

ding ton, Jedburgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, and Lauder, favour of the said -Eficourt Crejwell and James Whitshed,

by taking off the^File the Indenture of Return in which and admitted several Persons to vote for them who had

no Right to poll, and to admit the yores of *,

several Persons who had an undoubted Right to poll, and offered their Votes for the Petitioner; by which illegal and unwarrantable Practices the said EJlcourt A Petition of John Irzdine, Esquire, was presented to well and James Whitshed were returned, the House, and read; Setting forth. That previous to and to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in the last Election for the County of Kinrcfs, in North open Violation of the Laws for focuring the Freedom Britain, the Candidates were William Bayne, Esquire, of Elections of Members to in Parliament; And Robert Adam, Esquire, and the Petitioner; and that therefore praying the House to take the

Robert Adam having purchased, by the most illegal^and Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief

therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be hear rity on the Day of Election, was, by the Sheriff of Fife, at the Bar of this House, upon duejday the 14th Day of returned as Member for the said County, to the manifest February next.

Wrong of the Petitioner, and in Violation of Law:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee pMi( into Consideration, that Justice may be done therein, of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Eleaion, and such Relief granted to the Petitioner as shall seem Matter of the Petition of Joseph Gu/ston, Esquire, commeet. plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be of Poole, in the County of Dorset, upon Friday the 2d heard at the Bar of this House. Day of December next.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 9th A Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, was presented to Mr. Wilkes'*

Day of February next. the House, and read, Setting forth. That in April 1765, Petition.

the Petitioner, then a Member of the House, was by a Ge-A Petition of Francis Eyre, Esquire, was presented to nerai Warrant apprehended, and carried before the Two the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the last Principal Secretaries of State; that he applied by Jiis Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Bo- Friends to the Court of Common Pleas for a Habeas -rough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, pus, which was ordered to issue immediately; of this lie Sir Matthezv White Ridley, Baronet, Peter Beckjord, acquainted the said Secretaries at his Examination by them,

who, notwithstanding, committed the Petitioner a close Prisoner to the Tower, although charged only with a Mif-dcmeanor; that, for Three Days, no Person was suffered to have Accefis to him; that his House was plundered, his Bureaus broke open, and his Papers carried away, under the said General Warrant; that, after his -charge from the Tower, by the unanimous Judgment of the Court of Common Pleas, he was served -with a Subpoena from the Court of King’s Bench, upon an Information; that Counter-notices, signed Summoning Officer, were lent to several of the Jury, only the Day-before the Trials; that, nevertheless, the Trials came on the Day fixed; that the Records were materially altered

at Lord Mansfis House, by his Lordship’s Orders, against t he Consent of the Petitioner’s Solicitor, only the Evening before the Trials, without the Knowledge of the Petitioner, he being detained Abroad at that Time by Illness; that the Papers seized under the said General Warrant were produced as Evidence on his Trials; that Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, then Solicitor to the Treasury, suborned and bribed, with the Public Money, one Michael Curry, to give Evidence against the Petitioner at the Trials, according to the

Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and liam Tate and Andrew Fenwick, as Bailiffs, presided and were the Returning Officers, who before, and at the Poll, particularly the said Andrew Fenwick', behaved with the utmost Partiality to Sir Matthew White Ridley, and admitted several Persons to poll for him who had no Right, and refused several Persons who offered ta vote for the Petitioner who had an undoubted Right, and rejected several Persons Votes as illegal after they had polled for the Petitioner; and did, by improper Conduct and frequent Declarations, both before, and during the Time of the Poll, shew a determined Resolution not to return the Petitioner, but to return Sir Matthezv White Ridley as duly elected in all Events, by which, and several other indirect Practices, and illegal and unwarrantable Proceedings, a pretended Majority waj declared in favour of Sir Matthezv White Ridley, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned instead of the said Sir Matthew White Ridley: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner, such Relief as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Directions of the said Nlr. Webb; that the Petitioner was

Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elcc-

Vol. 33.

in March last elected Knight of the Shire for the County K of

34 i4° — 150 N A. 1768.

of Middlesex; in yfyr/7 appeared before the Court of therein mentioned, to the Weymouth Turnpike Road,

King’s Bench, when the said Court committed him to at the South End of the South Street, in the Town of the King’s Bench Prison; and that in June he was fen- Dorchester aforesaid; and which Road, the Petitioners tenced to a further Imprisonment of Twenty-two Months apprehend, can never be repaired under the said Act; in the said Prison, where the Petitioner now is; and that and that, if the said Act was repealed, fb far as relates: to the Petitioner submits the whole of his same to the Wif- the Roads from Wool, through Burton, Winfrith, More-dom and Justice of the House, in the full Persuasion, ton, W10 deford, Lew ell, Knighton, Stafford, and for thing-of having an effectual and speedy Redress of all his ton, through a Place called Dolls Hole, to the Wiymouth Grjevances. Turnpike Road, at the South End of the South Street

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the of the Town of Dorchester; and instead thereof, the Table; and that the proper Officer or Officers do lay several Roads, mentioned in the former Part of the Peti-before this House a Copy of the Records of the Pro- lion were to be amended, such Roads would prove of ceedings upon the several Informations in the Court of much more Benefit and Advantage to the Public: And King’s Bench against the said John Wilkes, Esquire. therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in

a Bill for repairing, amending, altering, and widening.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the the said Roads first above-mentioned, in such Manner . House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole as to the House shall seem meet; and for repealing To House, to consider of the Motion made upon Friday much of the above recited Act, as relates to the repair-last, that a Supply be granted to His Majesty; ing of the several Roads leading as aforesaid, from Wool* *

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to the South End of the South Street of the Town of to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Dorchester aforesaid; and also so much of the said Act,

Committee. as directs a Gate, or Turnpike, and Toll-house, to be

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee, erected, at or near the West End of a Lane called Long Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Lane.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com* Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the iriittee. , Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, appear to them, to the House:

That they had come to a Resolution, which they had And it is referred to Mr. Darner, Mr. Goddard, &c.: directed him to report, when the House will please to And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the receive the same. Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Morning.

The House being informed that some of the Commis- Accounts And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow sioners of the Customs attended at the Door, they were presented: Morning, Nine of the Clock. called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, (^aftomi0

p.urfuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods

brought into Saint Helen's Warehouses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1767, to Michaelmas 1768; also what exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1768: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods brought into Leadenhall and Billeter Lane Warehouses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1767, to Michaelmas 1768; and also, what exported during that Dorchester* Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inha- Time; and what remained in the said Warehouses at

*c* r xV bitants, of the County of Dorset, whose Names are Michaelmas 1768: And also,

Ko thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from The remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse, in the Port of

Bow, in the Parish of Saint Peter's, in the Borough of London, at Michaelmas 1767; what have been since

Dorchester, through the East Street, in the said Borough, brought in; what exported; as also what remained at

and through the Parish of Forth ing ton, by the Church, Michaelmas 1768: And also,

to.Land's Gate, in the said Parish, and through the said N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to Parish, to and through the several Parishes of Came, be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses Wit combe. Little Maine, Broad Maine, Fryar Moine, in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1767; what have been Warmwell, Water combe Moine, Down, Ower Moine, Gal- since brought in; what exported; as also what remained ten. West Fofgill, in the Parish of East Challden, East at Michaelmas 1768: And also,

FoJJil, Winfrith, East Knighton, West Burton, East Burton, N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Good?, and Wool, to Wool Bridge, in the said County; and also which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at a Road leading from Came Ford, to a Gate leading to Saint Helen's, Leadenkall, Billeter Lane, and the Custom Came Bridge, in the Parish of Came aforesaid; and also House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1767, the Roads leading from the Parish of Warmwell afore- in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have said, through Poxivett and Ofmington, to the Church in been returned; and what remained at Michaelmas 1768: the said Parish of Ofmington; and the Road leading from And also,

Londs Gate aforesaid, through a Lane called Long Lane, N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from to the Church in the Pari (If of Stafford, in the said Russia, into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1767,

County of Dorset, are in a ruinous Condition, and incon- to Michaelmas 1768: And also,

venient for Wheel Carriages, and in many Places too N° 7. An Account of the Naval Stores imported narrow, and cannot be repaired without the Aid of from Russia, into the Ports of England (commonly called Parliament; and that, by an Act' pasted in the Sixth the Out Ports) from Michaelmas 1767, to Michaelmas Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, it is directed, 1768: And also,

among other Things, That a Road should be amended, An Account of the Number of Ships which have leading from the Market Cross in Warcham, through been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Straits, the West Street of the said Town, through the several and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names - -^Parishes, Hamlets, Tythings, Towns, and Villages, and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and

at

Mortis, 150 die Novembris;

Anno 9° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1768. Prayers.

L»

9 Geo. III. 150 Novem55

at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported in the Year 1768: And also,

Account of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, BrCad, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from England, to any Place whatsoever, by virtue, or in pursuance, of any of the Liberties, or Powers, given or granted for that Purpose, by an Act passed last; Session to prohibit the Exportation thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title! of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Harltw Both A Petition of several of the Trustees for repairing the

Common, Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bujk Common, &c< in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the said Road, is near expiring; and that the Petitioners have borrowed very considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Produce of the said Tolls, have been duly applied towards the Repair of the said Road; but that it will be impossible to repay the Money borrowed, and to keep the Roads in sufficient Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for making the same more effectual, with such further Powers and Clauses, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. Brand, &c.: And they are tomefct this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Marlborough, A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execute. tion an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His Majesty

*°lds* King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough through West Kennet, to ShephefcTs Skord; and from the Hare and Hounds, in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherill Hill; and from the Town of Avebury, to the Crofiway at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Money which has arisen by virtue of the said Act has been duly applied, and great Progress has been made in amending the said Road; but the same cannot be completed, and the Money borrowed be repaid, during the subsisting Term of the said Act; and that the Petitioners apprehend some Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Act, for the more effectual Execution thereof with respect to the Tolls; that the Road from the present Turnpike Gate at Avebury, to the Turnpike Road in the Village of Wroughton, and the Road from the Di-rtfting Pod, the North Side of Swindon, to the Carpenters Arms, in the Parish of Blunfden, are much out of Repair, and cannot be sufficiently amended by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That'Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and to amend the same with respect to the Tolls and otherwise; and to repair and widen the said Road from Avebury to Wroughton, and from the said Directing Post to the Carpenters Arms as aforesaid; so as that, for the amending the said additional Road from the said Turnpike Gate at Avebury, to the Turnpike Road in the Village of Wroughton, no larger Sum than Five hundred Pounds shall be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, nor any larger annual Sum be paid out of the said AIql. 32.

Tolls, for keeping the same in Repair, than Forty Pounds a Year; and that the Tolls to be taken on the Road from the said Directing Post to the Carpenters Arms, and no other Tolls, or other Monies than Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of the said last mentioned Tolls only, be applied to the repairing, amending, or widening of the same last mentioned Road only, or in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, Sir Charles Mordaunt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Most noble George Duke of Man- Kimbdton chester, Lord of the Manor of Kimbolton, in the Ceunty Inclosure. of Huntingdon, and also the humble Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Owners of, or interested in, the several Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, thereinafter mentioned, for and on Behalf of themselves and the several other Freeholders and Owners of, and Persons interested in, the fame, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Common Fields, in the Hamlet or Township of Stonely, within the Parish and Manor of Kimbolton, called Stonely Field,

Moon Close, and Ley Grounds, containing together, by Estimation, 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the respective Owners there lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, very inconvenient, and incapable of Improvement and that the Petitioners are delitous that the same may be divided and inclosed, and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl of Ludlow, the Lord Grevile, and Mr. Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions Print* for private Bills after the 28th Day of January next. Petition.

Ordered, That I,eaveT>e given to bring in a Bill to ex* Debtor*# plain and amend the several Acts of Parliament, made for Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons: And that Mr. Serjeant Nares, Mr. Corn-ivall, and Mr. Gray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Corn, Ac. der, a Bill to prohibit, fora further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour: And the same was received; and read the First Time, j Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Friday last, that a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered irrat the Clerk’s Table :Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

36 ic0 Novembris. A. 1768.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Estimates, Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the

ordered ^avy for the Year 1769, with an Estimate of the Half-0F tf pay of Officers of the Navy, and of fuel) of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary for the Year 1769, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1769, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1769, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines, as were reduced before the , last War, who are to be on Half-pay for the Year 1769, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1769, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ending at the 5th Day of April 1768, and the 10th Day of October 1768, well of or for the Excessor Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that be will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Couocil.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Puraur’s The Lords having passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat. naturalizing John Dufaur; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

ordered. Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Wheat-flour, ' Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, Rye, and Pulse, imported into Great Britain, from any Part of Europe or Africa, from the 10th October 1767, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Wheat-flour imported into Great Britain, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, from the 10th Day of October 1767^ as far as the same can be. made up.

Welli A Petition of Veter Taylor, Esquire: And also,

Election. A Petition of those whose Names are thereunder writ-

ten, being Burgesses and Freemen of the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset:

Were severally presented to the House, a'nd read;

Setting forth, That at the last: Election for Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, the Petitioner, Peter Taylor, Clement Tudway, and Robert Child, Esquires, were the Candidates; and that the said Peter Taylor was duly chosen by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly; That Charles Tudway Esquire, Mayor of the said City, who presided at the Poll at the said Election, did refuse to admit the Votes of many of the Petitioners, Burgesses, and Freemen, and several others, who were legally qualified to vote, and who tendered their Votes for the said Peter Taylor; and did admit several Persons to vote for the said Clement Tudzvay and Robert Child who were not legally qualified to vote; by Means whereof, and by other indi-rest and illegal Practices, the said Clement Tudway and Robert C/z/Vr/have procured themselves to be returned as Citizens to serve in this Parliament for the said City, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief therein as shall be proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And they are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Dimmer, Esquire, was presented yarraouth, to the House, and read, Setting forth, That, by the IfleofWight, Constitution of the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Isle of Election. Wight, in the County of Southampton* the same is to consist of a Mayor and Twelve Chief Burgesses (including the Mayor,)and an indefinite Number of Free Burgesses, or Burgesses at large; and by a Bye Law, eflabiished by a solemn Resolution of the House, no such Free Burgess can be made, unless the Mayor and Five of the ChiefBurgeffesbe present, and give their Assent; and that, at the late General Electiop, at which Richard Warner,

Esquire, presided as Mayor, the Petitioner, together with the honourable George Lane Parker, flood Candidates, against Jervoise Clarke and William Strode, Esquires, when the said Mr. Clarke and Mr. Strode offering to poll several Persons who were not made agreeable to the said Bye Law, the Petitioner and Mr. Parker produced and read to the said Mr. Warner the said Bye Law, and also the said Resolution, and objected to such Persons being admitted to Poll; notwithstanding which, he, in express Contradiction to the said Bye Law, and in open and wilful Violation of the solemn Determinations of the House,

(to which he refused to pay the lead Regard) took upon himself, in a mofl arbitrary and illegal Manner, to admit such persons to poll for the said Mr. Clarke and Mr.

Strode; by which Means, and other gross Partiality and arbitrary Proceedings of the said Mr. Warner, the said Mr. Clarke and Mr. Strode were made to have a Majority of Votes; whereas, if the said. Mr. Warner had observed the Resolutions of the House, the Petitioner and Mr.

Parker would have had a very considerable Majority of legal Votes; and yet the said Mr. Warner took upon himself to return the said Mr, Clarke and Mr. Strode, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner and the said Mr. Parker, and in Violation of the Rights of the said Borough, and in open Contempt of the solemn Resolutions of the House:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the fameTime that the Matter of the Petition of the honourable George Lane Parker is heard.

'lbe

9 Geo. III. 150 — 16° — -170 37

Quiet of the The Housewas moved, That an Act made in the 21ft

Subjects. Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemitie contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile, Sir Anthony Abdy\ Sir William Meredith, Mr. Frederick Montaguy Mr. DowdeJ-well9 Mr. Burke y Mr. Grenville, Mr. Yor key Lord John Cavendijhy and Mr. Hewetty do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriij 16° die Novembris;

Anno 90 Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

Answer HT^HE Lord Villiers reported to the House, That 10 X their Address of Yesterday, That His Majesty for wou^ he graciously pleased to give Directions to the pro-

Accounts. Per Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty;.and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Corn, &c. A Bill to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 170 die Novembris;

Anno 90 Georgii IIItU Regis, j76S.

Prayers.

Golford XyTR. Norris presented to the House, according to Green, Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the

Ruds. R°ads, from the Turnpike Road at Golford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrookey to the Turnpike Pyoad, in the Parish of Sandhurjly and from the Green, near Benenden Church, to the Bull Inn at Rolvenden Cross, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mereworth, A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, Trades-men, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Mere-worthy West Peckham9 Shipbourne, Ightham, JVrotham, and Hallowy and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the Vol. 32.

County of Kent, was presented to the Houife, and read;

Setting forth, That the Road from Mereworth Cross, in the Parish of Mereworth aforesaid, through the Parishes of West PeckhanTy Shipbourne, Ightham% and Wrothaniy to the Turnpike Road leading from Seal to Wrotham Heath* in the said County; and also from the Road above mentioned, opposite to the House of William Dalifony Esquire* called Hamptons, in the said Parish of West Peckham, to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Had low Street, in the Parish of Hadlozv aforesaid, which leads from Ton-bridge to Maidftoney in the said County, are very narrow and incommodious, and in general very dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and amending the said Roads, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall feetn meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine ' the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Scickvilky Sir Brooke Bridges, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several principal Inhabitants of the Taunton Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and of the Market* several Gentlemen residing in the Neighbourhood, and having Occasion to use the Markets of the said /Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Market of the said Town being held in the open public Streets, the Corn, and other Commodities, brought thither for Sale, are frequently injured by bad Weather; and that there is a Spot of Ground in the Center of the said Town, situated in the Fore Street, whereon some old Houses of small Value ar£ now Handing; and, if the said Houses were removed, a commodious and convenient Market might be erected in that Place, which would be a general Advantage to the said Town and the Country surrounding it:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting proper Buildings for a new Market, confining the same to be held upon the said Spot of Ground, and making it moll beneficial to the said Town, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Popham, Mr. Blaki/ion9 &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Alexander For dyce, Esquire, was presented Colchester to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election. Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, Charles Gray and Isaac Martin Rebow, Esquires, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; and that the said Charles Gray and Isaac Martin Rebowy by divers illegal Practices of themselves or their Agents, and through the great Partiality of Samuel Ennezv, Esquire, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, did (in Subverlion of the Rights of the Electorsand the freedom of Elect ions, and to the very great Prejudice of the Petitioner) procure themselves to be returned Burgesses to fepresent the same in this present Parliament, although the Petitioner’ was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

L

Ordered,

38 170 Novembris. A. 1768.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Friday the 20th Day of January next.

Cirencester, A Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are Sec. thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Art

Road* made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road, leading from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to the Monument upon Land/downy in the same County, was presented to the House, and read. Setting forth, That the Petitioners have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which have been duly applied in repairing the said Road, and remain unpaid; and that the said Debt cannot be discharged, and the Road kept in good Repair for the future, if the Term and Powers of the said Art are not enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Art, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Codrington, Lord Gage, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cave have Leave to (lay Absence. jn Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Walburten A Petition of Richard Nash, Esquire, Lord of the Inclosure. Manor of Walburton, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and Read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Manor and Parish, a large Common, which, in its present Situation, is incapable of Improvement, and that the Petitioner, and the several Persons interested therein, are desirous that the same shall be divided and inclosed: and therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. George <Brudeuell and Mr. Medley do, prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Corn, &c. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill so prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit. and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-fleur.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. *

Ordered, That Mr. Seymour have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Coriier, And the Question being pioposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid

before this House, Copies of all Correspondence between either of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and any of His Majesty’s Ministers, residing in Foreign Courts, relative to the Affairs of Corsica, since the ift of January 1767, to the present Time; and also, Copies of all Instructions to any of the said Ministers, and of all Memorials and Representations to or from any Foreign Power, with the several Answers thereunto, relative to the said Affairs of Corsicay from the said ift of January 1767, to the present Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out u Foreign Courts," and insert " the ce French Court" instead thereof; and to leave out " any cc Foreign Power," and insert " the said Court" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Wordstc Foreign " Courts," (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words <c the <c French Court" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " any <c Foreign Power" (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words "the " said Court," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, so amended, being put; That an humble.Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there belaid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence between either of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and any of His Majesty’s Ministers residing in the French Court, relative to the Affairs of Corsica, since the ift of January 1767, to the present Time; and also. Copies of all Instructions to any of the said Ministers, and of all Memorials and Representations to or from the said Court, with the several Answers thereunto, relative to the said Affairs of Corsicay from the said ift of January 1767, to the present Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers so, the Yeas, J } *4-

Tellers for the Noes, J JJj; fj 230.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur-> suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, from 25th December 1768, to the 24th December 1769, both Days inclusive, being365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison, at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th of December 1768, to the 24th of December 1769, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay, between the British and Irish Establishments, of Five Battalions and Four Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Iflcmds, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1768, to 24th D<?-cember 1769, both Days inclusive: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers, in Great Britain, for the Year 1769: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay, for 365 Days, for the Year 1769, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the 24th December 1765.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz,

ESTIMATE

Estimates,

&c.

presented.

9 Geo. Ill

170 Novembris.

39

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from 25th ‘December 1768 to 24th December 1769, both Days inclusive; being 365 Days.

First Troop of Life Guards - -Second D°

Horse. First Troop of Grenadier Guards - -Second D° -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

r First Regiment of Dragoon Guards -Second D°

Third D#

The Earl of Pembroke'% Dragoons Duke of Argyll?s Dragoons. / Earl of Albemarle'%

Lieutenant General Conway's Lieutenant General Cholmondeley's Lieutenant General Howard's Sir John Mordaunt's Marquis of Lothian's

Light ( Lieutenant General Eliott's Dragoons. ( Colonel Burgoyne's

f First Regiment of Foot Guards - -Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards Third Regiment of Foot Guards - -

Marquis of Lome's 2d Battalion - -

Lieutenant General Hodgson's -

Major General Rufane's Lord Robert Bertie's Colonel Clinton's Major General Murray's Colonel Hotham's Majot General Monckion's Major General Gage's Lieutenant General Bofcawen's Colonel Fletcher Campbell's Major General Gray's Major General Cary's

f Major General Parker's Regiment 1 Late Lord Lindores's -

I Late Major General Parker's -Invalids. / Major Ackland's

' Late Major Cliffe's Lieutenant Colonel Lind's Eight Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account -

Deduct, Major.Captn.Li€«t^Enfn#.

f Late Lord Lindores's - - - 1 1

I Late Major General Parker's - 1 a

Ackland's - -- -- 2

Late Cliffe's - - - 1 - - _ 2

Lind?s - 1 i

Total -

Foot.

From

Invalids.

Pay of the Troops

and Regiment! i

for 365 Days.

17,605 3 4

17 >6o5 3 4

10,870 l8 4

io>743 3 4

26,054 18 4

18,878 2 1

12,89613 4

12,89613 4

12,89613 4

12,89613 4

12,89613 4

12,89613 4

12,89613 4

12,89613 4

12,89613 4

12,89613 4

12,89613 4

12,89613 4

45,98017 6

29>759 *3 4

29,814 8 4

11,065 11 8

11,321 1 8

11,3a1 1 8

11,467 1 8

11,321 1 8

1*,321, 1 8

11,311 1 8

11,321 1 8

11,32! 1 8

11,321 1 8

11,321 1 8

11,321 1 8

11,321 i 8

10,33511 8

4,813 8 9

6,793 11 3

5.566 5 —

4,653 15 —

2,828 15 —

7,227 — —

32,200 11 —

20,000 —

TOTAL.

82,879 6 8

147,844 15 5

a5»793 6 8

252,619 10 i*

42,218 6 8 52,200 11 —

603»555 *7 i

882 i' 8

602,675 15 7

War Office, 17th 1768.

BarriiigtoH.

Vol. 32.

ESTIMATE

a.

4 o

17° Novem.

A. 1768.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and.Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1768 to the 24th December 1769, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days.

Lieutenant General Webb’s Regiment of Foot - -Lieutenant General Sand ford's -

Major General KeppePs -

Colonel Gisborne's -

Sir John Sebright’$ -

Earl of Panmure’s -

Colonel Scott's ——

Earl of GranarcP s -

Major General Oughton's----

Lieutenant General Leighton's -

Major General Pierson’s ——

Major General Clavering's ——

Major General Owens ——

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions - -

Colonel Pomeroy's -

Colonel Mackay's -

Lord Adam Gordon's ——

Major General Lambton's ——

Major General Trapaud's ——

Lieut. Colonel O'Hara's Corps -

Garrisons in North America, viz. Quebec, Montreal, S‘ Au-gufiine, Pensacola, Mobile, and Soa/£ Carolina - -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, S' John's in Newfoundland, LouijbourgS‘ John's Island, Providence, and Bermudas ——

Garrisons in the Islands of Granada, S‘ Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago -

Officers serving with the Forces in jV<»7/r America - -

Contingencies upon Account ——

Sir Jeffery Amherfi's Regiment -

Lieutenant General A'Court's Lord George Lennox's - -

Earl Cornwallis's -

NUMBERS.

50° — 10,709 14 2

5°o — 10,709 14 2

500 — 10,709 14 2

5 00 — 10,709 H 2

500 — 10,709 H 2

5 00 — 10,709 14 2

500 — 1- 10,709 H 2

500 — 10,709 H 2

500 — 10,709 J4 2

50° — 10,709 J4 2

5oc 10,709 *4 2

500 — 10,709 H 2

500 ' 10,709 H 2

1,001 — 21,674 18 4

5°o — 10,709 14 2

500 — 10,709 H 2

500 10,709 *4 2

500 — 10,709 H 2

500 10,709 J4 2

214 10,215 4,170 2 6

— —

Officers of the Garrison, &V.

GIB RAL TAR. Major General Grceme's Regiment Lieutenant General -

Lieutenant General Cornzvallis's - -

Earl of Loudoun's -

Officers of the Garrison, £f?r.

Provisions for 15 Battalions of Foot in 7Vor//i America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, i£c. deducting 2 per Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commissioned Officer and Private Man, towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government -

Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar - - - -Provisions for the Regiments in the Ceded Islands - -Provisions for Lieutenant Colonel O'Hara's Corps serving in Africa, deducting d. per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and Private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government - -

Total

529 52 9 5Z9 529

Pay of the Regiments. £sV. for 365 Days.

529 — 11,321 i 8

529 — 11,321 1 8

529 — 11,321 1 8

529 2,1 l6 11,32! 1 8

2,11 f>

11,321

11,321

11

1 8

x 8 21 1 8

11,321 1 8

14.447

22,242 3 9

21,52° 9 71

9,752 6 iof

2,321 14 10$

War Office, 17th November 1768.

Barrington.

TOTAL.

218,619 15 10

3.449 5 —

3,117-----

2,786 3 4

9,818 10 o 4,000 o o

45,284 6 8

5»89° 3 9

45,284 6 8

3.749 12 3

55,836 15

£-397,835 18 7*

ESTIMATE

9 Geo. III.

170 Novembrit,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay, between the British and Establishments, of Five Battalions and Four Companies of Foot ferVirtg id the Isle Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded Iffands; for 365 Days, from the 25th December 1768 to the 24th December 1769; both Days indufive*

Marquis of Lome’s ill Battalion, according to the British Establishment ——

Paid by Ireland for this Battalion -

Difference -

Lieutenant General Montagu’s Regiment, according to the British Establishment ——

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment -

Difference -

Lieutenant General Strode's Regiment, according to the British Establishment ——

Paid by Ireland for this Regitnent -

Difference -

Major General Lambart's Regiment, according to the British Establishment ——

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment -

Difference - -

Major General ColvilTsRegiment, according to the British Efta-

blishment - -- - -- --Paid by Ireland for this Regiment - - - - *

Difference -

Four Companies of Major General Browne's Regiment, with the usual Staff Officers ——

Paid by Ireland for these Companies ——

Difference -

Total

Numbers.

329

329

329

33i

329

*45

1,74a

Pay for 365 Days.

8,629 4 2

7,796 2 6

8,629 4 2

7,796 "a 6

8,629 4 2

7»753 — 2f

8,663 14 2

7»7 S3 — 2f

8,629 4 2

7.753 — '2f

3,386 a 6

3.255 *5 U

« m tm

Difference.

*33 i *

833 i $

876 3 ut

91a 13 uf

876 3 uf

33° 7 4 ^4,661 12 7

War Office,

17th November 1768.

Barringh/l.

aca^ SBgfcag "; *' at sate ssstsxt

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Stiff Officers in Great Britain for the Year 1769.

1 JPtir 365 Days.

General and General Staff Officers - £. s. d. 12,203 1

War Office 17th November 176&

VOL. 3*. U Estimate

Harlow Both Common, See. Road.

17* — 18° Novembris.

A. 1768.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay For 365 Days, for the Year 1769, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of federal Battalions, reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, who remained on Half-pay at the 24th December 1765.

17 Captains, at 10 s.each per Diem ----- ---- 14 Lieutenants, at 41. 8 d. each per Diem - - - -- -7 Ensigns, at 3 s. 8 d.each per Diem - -- Per Diem. For 365 Diys.

8 10 — 3 5 4 1 5 8 3,102 10 — 1,192 6 8 468 8 4

38 Total - - - - 13 1 — 4*763 5 —

War Office,

17th November 1768.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 180 die Novembris;

Anno 9° Georgii III1" Regis, 1768. Prayers.

MR. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several of the Trustees for repairing the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of H, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great in the same County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty was read, whereby it appeared, That several Tolls were granted for repairing the said Road, which Act expires in the Year 1 770.

Then Mr. Philip Martin, Clerk to the said Trustees, produced to yopr Committee an Account, whereby it appeared, That the Sum of £.3,200, principal Money, was due at this Time upon the Credit of the said Tolls: And he also produced to your Committee an Account of the Annual Receipts and Disbursements of the said Trust, from Michaelmas 176010 Michaelmas 1767; that the Receipts amounted to £.4,048. 13. 2}. and the Disbursements to £. 4,047. o. o.: And he also produced another Account of Receipts and Disbursements, from Michaelmas 1767, soon after which a new Gate was erected, to Michaelmas 1768; whereby it appeared, that the Receipts amounted to £.792. 7. 4$. and the Disbursements to727. 17. 7^.

And he said further, That the present Act had in

many Instances been found defective; and particularly* that the Trustees were doubtful whether they were impowered. to erect Arches or Bridges of Brick, or Timber, oyer the Watercourses running cross the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted, by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, cading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of to Stump Cross, in

the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County: And that Mr. Plumer and Mr. Herns do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Hall, Clerk, Patron and allb Vicar of Shaxton, otherwise Shackston, otherwise S hacker-ston, in the County of Leicester, and also Impropriator of the Great Tythes arising in the said Parish, and others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and tire rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in certain Open and Common Fields, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners lie intermixed and dispersed in the said Fields, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that if the Fields, and all other Open Lands and Grounds, within the said Parish, were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Fdates of the Persons interested, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave Be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt and the Earl Verne} do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Henry Schneider, of London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Ins Naturalization.

Ordered, Thar Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr.

Shaxton

inclosute.

Schneider’*

Nat.

9 Geo. IIL 18° Novembris. 43

Mr. Norris and Mr. Sackvilledo prepare* and bring in, Behalf as aforesaid, being, as the Petitioners conceive, the fame. contrary to Justice, in Defiance of the Laws requiring

fair and free Elections, and in manifest Violation of the C«ro, &rc. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Rights of the Petitioners, vand other the free Electors of from the Committee of the whole House, to whom, the the said Borough: Therefore praying the House to take Bill to prohibit, fora further Time, the Exportation of the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and shall seem most meet and convenient.

Starch; and also the Ext raft ion of Low Wines and Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour, was committed; at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Mat-the Amendments which the Committee had made to ter of the Petition of is heard,

the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and A Petition of Sir of Baronet,

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in was presented to the House, and read; Setting' forth, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were That the Petitioner was UnanimOufly elected, and fat. in Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One the lait Parliament as the Representative of the Four by One; and, upon the Question severally put therer Royal Boroughs of hiyerness, and For-

upon, were agreed to by the House. troje, which compose one District; and that the Borough

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of having the carting or decisive Vote in-case of

ingrossed. an Equality, at the late Election of a Representative to

serve in this present Parliament; it became an Object of Sodbury , A Petition of Thomas Fonneveau,' Esquire, was pre- some Importance to secure the previous Election of the Licdion. tented to the House, and read; Setting-forth, That the Magistrates of thi6 Borough, at 1766; and

Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election of Bur- that the Petitioner* who had been Provoll or Chief gefies to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, Magistrate of the Borough from Michaelmas 1762 to

in the County of Suffolk, and ought to have been returned Michaelmas 1765, and was a Counsellor Of the said as duly elected; and that Patrick Blake and Walden Borough at Michaelmas 1766, was removed, and a new Hanmer, the other Candidates at the said Election, by Set of Magistrates and Counsellors was then chosen by Means of Promiles, Bribery, and other corrupt, undue, the moll corrupt and undue Means; and that the Peti-ar.d illegal Practices of them and their Agents, procured tioner immediately brought a summary Action or Com-themselves to be returned to represent the said Borough plaint before the Court of Seffiorl in , founded

in Parliament, contrary to Justice, in Defiance of the upon an Act of the Sixteenth of his late Majesty, and Laws, in manifest Violation of the Rights of Election, other Laws, for setting aside the Election made at Mr-and to the Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore chaelmas 1766, as brought about by Bribery, Corrup-praying the House to take his same into Consideration, tion, and other undue Means; and that in the said Action, and to give him such Relief in the Premises as to the which is Hill depending before the Court of Session, a House shall seem most meet. Proof was allowed, and the Petitioner was proceeding ih

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard the Examination of the Witnesses (many of whom had at the Bar of this House. ^retired without the Jurisdiction of the Court, Or had -rc-

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be fused to answer many particular and pertinent Interroga-heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thurjdaythe tories) when the Commissioners or Delegates for this t)if-16th Day of February next. - trift of Boroughs met, upon the Eleventh Day of April

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are last, to elect their Representative in Parliament; and that thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Electors of the the Commissioners* for the Two principal Boroughs of said Borough of Sudbury, was also prelenled to the House, Jliver ness and Forres voted for the Petitioner to be their and read; Setting forth, That the said Patrick Blake and Representative in Parliament; and that the Commissioner Walden Hanmer, having united in Interest against the for the Borough of Nairn voted for Lieutenant Colonel laid Thomas Fonnereau, Thomas Fern, Abraham Griggs, , who having himself appeared as Conf-

artd Peregrine Clarke, were, and acted as Agents or Ma- tnilfioner appointed for the Borough of Fortroje, likewise nagers for the said Patrick Blake and Walden Hanmer; claimed a Vote for this Borough; whereupon Objections and that on the 12th Day of /. larch 1768, and after the were made, and Protests duly taken, by the Commis-issuing of the Writ of Election, the said Patrick Blake lioners for the Boroughs of and against:

and Walden Hanmer, with a great Number of the Elec- the admission of the Vote of this Borough of Fortroje, oti tors of the said Borough, being assembled in’a certain Account of the Corruption and other Undue Means used Place called The Cnjt, in or near the said Borough, the at the Election of the-Magistrates, at Michaelmas 1766, laid Walden Hanmermade very large Promiles of Pie- which immediately influenced the Election of the Com-fents and Rewards to the Ekftors, iT he the said Walden missioner or Delegate; and that, notwithstanding thereof; llaraner should be elected and returned to represent the Colonel Hector Monro not only assumed a Vote for the said Borough in Parliament; and the said Walden Ilan- Borough of Fortroje, but likewise assumed and gave a mr did afterwards on the same Day, in the public calling Vote in favour of himself to be Representative Street of the said Borough, make other Promises of the in Parliament for this District of Boroughs; and that like Nature to many of the Electors of the said Borough; the Commissioners for the said Boroughs of and that the said Thomas Fenn, Abraham Griggs, and and Firm further protested and infilled, that the said Peregrine Clarke, did bribe, and corruptly procure a Colonel HeElor Monro had not the requisite Qualification-great Number of the Electors of the said Borough, to of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Royal Bo-vote for the said Patrick Blake and Walden Hanmer at the roughs in Scotland, in Terms of the 8th Act, 4th Sell,

laid Election; and that; by means of these and other ill Parliament of Queen and other Laws now in

corrupt, undue, and illegal Practices, the said Patrick Force, being neithep a Merchant, Tradesman, Trading Blake and Walden Hanmer did influence and procure a Burgess, or Proprietor of Burgage Lands or Tenements; Majbrity of Votes, although the greatest Part of such within the Burghs he »meant to represent; and that the Votes were illegal, and ought not to have been taken; said Colonel having thus procured bimlelt

and the said Patrick Blake and Walden Hanmer were re- to be elected and returned a Member to serve in this Par-turned as having been elected to represent the said Bo- ' liament for the aforesaid District of Boroughs by Bribery rough in Parliament, in Wropg of the said Thomas Fon- and Corruption, and other undue Means, and not havirg nereau, who ought to have been returned; and that the the legal Qualification; the Petitioner, who had the Ma-Actions and Proceedings of the said Patrick Blake and jority of uncorrupted Votes at the said Election, there-Waldeti Hgnmsr, and the said other Persons acting on their fore prays the House to take the Premises into Gonfidera- Vol. J2, tion;

Inverriefi;

Sec

Electitfd.

Carmarthen

Election.

Ditto.

Winchelsea

Election.

44

tion, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as the Circumstances of the same appear to merit, and to do further therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Monday the 33d Day of January next.

A Petition of Joseph Bullock, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the County Borough of Carmarthen, the Petitioner, and

fifth Phillips, Esquire, were Candidates, and Vaughan

Horton, Esquire, and George P, Esquire, the Sheriffs

of the said County Borough, were the Returning Officers; and that, during the Poll, the said Sheriffs behaved themselves with the utmost Partiality in favour of the said Griffith Phillips, by refilling several Persons to give their Votes who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and who had an undoubted Right so to do, and by accepting the Votes of several Persons in favour of the said Griffith Phillips, who had, as the Petitioner humbly appre-

hends, and is advised, no Right to vote in the said Election; by which Means, and by other undue Proceedings, a pretended Majority hath been procured in favour of the said Griffith Phillips, and he hath been thereupon returned by the said Sheriffs as the Member to serve in Parliament for the said County Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a clear Majority of the legal Votes tendered at such Election, and ought to have been returned the Member to serve in Parliament for the said County Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as shall seem just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon e 21st Day of

February next.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses and Electors of the County Borough of Carmarthen, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, for the Space of Twenty Years and upwards, the Petitioners and others, to the Number of Twenty, have been Burgesses of the County Borough of Carmarthen, and as such are entitled to vote for a Member to serve in Parliament for the famej that, during all such Time, the Petitioners have continued in full Enjoyment of such Right, without any Impeachment or Pretence of Interruption whatsoever, until the last Election for a Member to serve in Parliament f®r the said Borough, when Joseph Bullock and Griffith Phillips, Esquires, were Candidates; upon which Occasion the Petitioners, and such other Persons as aforesaid severally tendered their Votes as usual, to Vaughan Horton and George Phillips, Esquires, the then Sheriffs and Returning Officers, in Favour of the said Joseph;

but the said Sheriffs, though well acquainted with such the?subsisting Rights of the Petitioners, and such other Persons as aforesaid, illegally and arbitrarily rejedfed their several Votes, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners and* the free Representation of the said Borough: And therefore praying, That such their Rights and Privileges may be preserved to them, and that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and do therein as shall seem most meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of Joseph Bullock, Esquire, is heard.

A Petition of the Right honourable Sir Thomas Sewell, Knight, Master of the Rolls, and Richard

1768.

Esquire, was presented so the fdotlfe, and read; Setting forth, That the Earl of ThomonThomas Orby Hunter, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were Candidates at the last Election for Barons to serve in Parliament for the Town of Winchelsea in the County of Sussex', that Richard Wardroper, being firmly attached to and in the lnfereft of the said Earl and Thomas Orby , alfumed the Office of Mayor of the said Town, and as such presided as Returning Officer at the said Election; and that* although the Petitioners were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, yet the said Richard by

admitting several Persons to vote for the said Earl and Thomas Orby Hunter, no ways qualified so to do, and rejecting others without any just Cause, who voted for the Petitioners and ought to have been received, a pretended Majority was procured in favour of the said Earl and Thomas Orby Hunter, and they have been returned accordingly, in Wrong of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Laws requiring fair and due Elections: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to do therein as to the House shall seem most meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 24th Day of

January next.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgefl'es, of the Borough of Bridgewater, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is, as the Petitioners are advised, in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses of the said Borough, and in them only; and that, at the last Elect’on of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, the theft Mayor, who is the Returning Officer, admitted a great Number of Persons to vote, under Colour of their being Inhabitants of the said Borough paying Scotland Lot, who had no Right, in manifest Prejudice to the ex* elusive Right of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of the honourable Anne Poulett is heard.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, (from the Commissioners of the Customs,) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, Rye, and Pulse, imported into England from any Part of Europe or , from the 10th October 1767, to the 10th October 1768, inclusive, which is as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Wheat-flour imported into England from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, from the 10th 1767, to the

10th October 1768, inclusive, which is as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

18° Novetnbfis.

Brfrlgewfttct

Election.

Accent* presented: Custoai,

Supply.

9 Geo. III.

18°- — 21 ° N

45

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Gharles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Com, Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert have Leave to make a &c. Motion, it being Half an Hour after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly} and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Citizens of the City of Litchfield.

And the said Petition was read; Complaining of the high Price of Wheat: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Provision for reducing the present and preventing the future high Prices of Corn, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the -said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2iw Novembris;

Anno 9° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

Golford A BILL for repairing and widening the Roads, from Green, JLjl the Turnpike Road at Golford Green, in the Parish JUiada ^ran^roo^e> to the Tur/ipike Road in the Parish of 0 s‘ Sandhurst, and from the Green, near Benenden Church, to the Bull Inn at Rolvenden Cross, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Norris, Mr. Sackville, 8cc.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Schneider’* Mr. Norris presented to the House, according to Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Henry Schneider: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Taonton Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom Market, the Petition of the several Principal Inhabitants of the Town of Taunton, in the County of and of the

several Gentlemen residing in the Neighbourhood, and having Occasion to use the Markets of the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Foy and Mr. William Burrow severally said, That the Market of the said Town being now held in the open public Streets, Com and many other Commodities are frequently damaged by the Weather; and the holding the Market in the Streets is a great Nuisance and Annoyance to the Inhabitants of the said Town and all Persons refotting thereto.

That there is a Spot of Ground in the Fore Street in the said Town, whereon some old Houses of little Value are now standing, and where a commodious and convenient Market might be erected and held, which would Vot. 32.

be a great Advantage to the said Town and the Country surrounding it; but the Witnesses apprehended the same could not be done without the Aid of Parliament.-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Market-house, and holding a Market, in the Town of 'Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town: And that Mr. Popham and Mr. Webb do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, ac- ^j^ofureT cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Grounds in the Township of Stonely, in the Parish and Manor Of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; apd fead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Harlow Bnlh Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Co£®on» by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign Roa<i, of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bu/h Comtuon, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross,

in the Parish of Great Chesterfield, in the said County:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of George Madrass, Merchant, was presented Madrass’j to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Hat. given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Plumer and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Sackville reported from the Committee, to whom Mareworth, the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, Trades*- &c-men, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the Parishes of -worth. West Peckham, Ship bourne, Wfothem, and

Hadlow, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Kent, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Swaine, being examined, said. That the Road leading from Mereworth Cross, through West Peckham, Shipbourne, Ightham, and Wrolham, to the Road leading from Seal to Wrotham Heath; and alfd the Road leading from Hamptons to- the Road at the West End of Hadlow Street; are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Mereworth Cross, through West Peckham, Shipbourne, Ightham, and

Wrotham, to the Road leading from Seal to Wrotham Heath; and also the Road leading from the Hotife of William Dalifon, Esquire, to the Road at the West End of Hadlow Street, in the County of Kent: And that Mr.

Sackville, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. , and Mr.

Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Road*.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, She- Corn, riff, and Common Council, of the Town and County of tee. the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Corn; and alledging, That the Petitioners apprehend, if Corn be suffered to be exported, the Price thereof will be greatly enhanced: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to apply such Remedies for Prevention of such a Grievance as to the House shall seem meet.

N > Ordered,

1

46 2i° Nwmbris. 1768.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

St. lye* A Petition of James Esquire, was presented

Efcaion. the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Right

Of Election for the Borough of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, by the last Resolution of the House, 8th December 1702, is declared to be in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot; and that, at the late Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Saint Ives, John Stevens, Adam Drummond, ‘Thomas Durant, and the Petitioner, were Candidates} and that, on the 5th Day Of March 1768, some few Days before the Dissolution of Parliament, when the said Dissolution was notorious, the Overseers of the Poor made an unjust and partial Poor’s Rate, which was appealed from Two Days thereafter; viz. on the Seventh Day of March, by above One hundred of the most respectable of the Inhabitants of the Borough; in which Rate several Persons who had no rateable Property within the said Borough were charged to the Relief of the Poor, and the Names of above Fifty, who afterwards tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, who were Owners of Freehold and Lease-hold Estates for Lives, and then occupied by themselves, and most of whom had paid to the Land Tax, and in former Rates had been charged to the Church and Poor,

were omitted; and that John ', Gentleman, the Mayor

and Returning Officer of the said Borough, and divers other Persons before and during the Election, were guilty of several illegal and unwarrantable Practices, whereby a pretended Majority of Votes hath been procured in Favour of the said Adam Drummond and Thomas Durant, and they have been accordingly returned as Representatives to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as the Nature of his same shall, upon Examination, appear to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Wednesday the First Day of February next.

Com, tec. An ingrossed Bill to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit,

and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

W^moreiand a Petition of John Upton, Esquire, was presented to the

ettioD. pjoufe> an(j rea(j. Setting forth. That, at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the County of Westmor eland, John Robinson and Thomas Fenwick, Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Candidates to represent the said County; and that, during the Course of the Poll, many Persons were admitted to vote who had no Right, and others rejected who ought to have been admitted; whereby a Majority of Votes was obtained in Favour of Mr. Fenwick against the Petitioner; and divers other irregular Pradiccs were made use of in Favour of the said Mr. Fenwick, in Consequence whereof he has been unduly returned by the Sheriff, contrary to Law, and to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, who had a dear Majority of legal Votes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and

to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be beard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 23d Day of February next.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold- Di#0. ers of the County of Westmoreland, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, during the Course of the Poll, many Persons were admitted to vote for the said Mr. Fenwick who had no Right so to do, and others, who offered to vote for the said Mr. Upton, were rejected, whose Votes ought to have been admitted; whereby a pretended Majority of Votes was obtained in Favour of Mr. Fenwick, who was in Consequence thereof ' returned by the Sheriff, contrary to Law, and in manifest Prejudice to the Rights of the Freeholders of the said County: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of John Upton, Esquire, is heard.

A Petition of James Dundas, of Dundas, Esquire, was Linlithgow presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, Ele&ioo. at the last Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgow, Mr. John Hope, Second Son of the honourable Charles Hope Weir, of Craigiehall, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, previous to the said Election, undue Means were used to procure a Majority of the Electors in Favour of the said Mr. John Hope; and that great Partiality was committed at adjusting the Roll of Freeholders upon the Day of Election, by admitting Three Persons to vote for the said Mr. John Hope who at that Time and do still stand excluded from the Roll by a final Judgment of the Court of Session, which Court has the supreme Cognizance of the Qualifications of Freeholders, by several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made; and that, in the same Manner, several Persons, who claimed'to be inrolled, upon most unexceptionable Titles, were arbitrarily refused to be inrolled; particularly the Claims of Three Persons, who voted under Protest for the Petitioner, were refused, although the pretended Objections to their Qualifications have been over-ruled by an unanimous Judgment of the Court of Session, and their Names are ordained to be inrolled in the Lift of Freeholders; and that, by these and other improper Methods taken previous to and at the Time of the late Election, there were in Appearance Twenty Votes for the said Mr. John , and only Fifteen Votes for the Petitioner; and, under Colour of such pretended Majority, the said Mr. John Hope did procure himself to be returned as Knight of the said Shire, although in Fact he was not duly elected, and the Petitioner had a clear Majority of unexceptionable Votes at the said Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as the Circumstances of this same appear to merit; and to do further therein as shall appear meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the a 8th Day of February next.

A Petition of John Bindley, Esquire; was presented to Reading the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, Election. John Dodd, and Henry Vanfiltart, Esquires, stood Can-

dictates at the last Election of- Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks-, and that the said John Dodd and Henry Vansittart, by themselves or Agents, were guilty of most notorious Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, both before and at the said Election, in order

to

9 Geo. III. 210 Novem47

to procure the said John Dodd and Henry Vanftttart to be elected and returned Members for the said Borough; and accordingly they are returned, in manifest Prejudice to the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Friday the 16th Day of December next.

tffitcfcel A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Lord -felcdion. welly Baron Orwell of Ifewry, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and Lieutenant Colonel David IVedderburni was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Mitchelin the County of Cornwall James Scawen, Esquire, John Stevenson, Esquire, and the

Petitioners, were Candidates; and that, by many notorious and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, many of the Voters were influenced to give their Votes for the said James Scawen and John Stevenson; whereby, and by many other unwarrantable Proceedings of the said James Scawen and John , their Agents and

Abettors, they have procured themselves to be returned to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, in manifest Wrong of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the uncorrupted Burgesses of the said Borough, and of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Elections; and that the Returning Officer of the said Borough admitted* during the dourse of the Election, many Persons to poll for the Sitting Members, although they were not qualified to vote, and rejected the Votes of many Persons who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, although they were duly qualified according to the last Resolution of this House; and that the Petitioners apprehend that they were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Mitchel: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, ana to grant the Petitioners such Relief as shall feerp meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Friday the 3d Day of February next.

Sootbwark A Petition of William Belchier was presented to the Sle&ion. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and the Petitioner ought to have been returned as duly elected; and that Sir Mawbey,

Baronet, One of the other Candidates at the said Election, by Means of Promises, Bribery, and other corrupt, undue, and illegal Practices of him and his Agents, procured himself to be returned to represent the said Borough in Parliament, contrary to Justice, in Defiance of the Laws, in manifest Violation of the Rights of Election, and to the Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and give him such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That.it be an Instruction to the said Com* Vol. 3a.

mittee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Monday the 6th Day of February next.

A Petition of George Bean, Clerk at the late Election Cromarty of a Knight to serve in Parliament for the County of EleA»on. Cromarty, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth, That, at a Meeting duly held at Cromarty, on the Twenty-llxth Day of April last, for electing a Knight to represent the said Shire in Parliament, the Pe* titioner being duly elected Clerk for the carrying on and effecting the said Election, did regularly proceed therein, after in all Things duly qualifying himself for the Execution of his Office} and that Sir John Gordon, of -gordon. Baronet, and William Pu Esquire, were. Candidates at the said Election; and that the said Sir John Gordon being duly elected, the Petitioner, being ' the Person thereto authorized by Statute, did in due Manner certify, and return to Hugh Rose, Esquire,

Sheriff Depute for the said County of Cromarty, that the said Sir John Gordon was duly elected Knight or Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said County of Cromarty, and did at several Times tender to the said Sheriff Depute his Return accordingly, with all Things necessary, and as by Law is required in that Behalf; and that the said Sheriff Depute, not regarding the Premises nor the Duty of his Office, did refuse to accept the Return so made and tendered by the Petitioner, and hath arbitrarily, taken upon him to accept another Return, from one Alexander Mackenzie, in Favour of William Pulteney, Esquire, and to annex the same to his Writ; and that, inasmuch as the said Alexander Mackenzie had not any competent Authority in the Premises, neither was the said William Pulteney duly elected, the Petitioner conceives the Return in Favour of the said William Pulteney is illegal, and in Prejudice of the Right of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House,

That the Return made by the said Alexander Mackenzie may be taken off the File; and that the Return made by the Petitioner, and by him duly tendered to the said Sheriff as aforesaid, may be annexed instead thereof.

A Petition of Sir John Gordon, of Invergordon, Baro- Ditto; net, was also presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That the Petitioner, as the Knight last elected for the County of Cromarty, did, by virtue of the Statute in that Behalf made, preside at a Meeting duly held at Cromarty, on the 26th Day of April last, for electing a Knight to represent the said Shire in Parliament, until a Prasfes and Clerk should be chosen; and that William Pulteney, Esquire, present at the said Meeting, was guilty of violent and unwarrantable Acts and Proceedings, whereby the Petitioner was greatly obstructed and hindered in the free and due Exercise of his Duty, enjoined by the Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made; and that Robert Mackintosh, Esquire, being duly elected Praefes, and George Bean in like Manner chosen Clerk, for the carrying on and effecting the Business of the said Election, did proceed therein, and the Petitioner being duly elected the Knight to serve in Parliament for the said County of Cromarty, a Return was in due Manner made thereof by the said George Bean, the Person thereto authorized by Statute, and tendered to Hugh Rose, Esquire, the Sheriff Depute of the said County, with, all Things necessary and required by Law in that Behalf; and that the said Sheriff Depute, notwithstanding the Premises, absolutely refused to accept the said Return; and, by the illegal Proceedings of his Accomplices, the said William Pulteney and Alexander Mackenzie, he the said Sheriff Depute hath unduly returned the said William Pulteney as elected to serve the said Shire in Parliament, contrary to the Laws directing Sheriffs in the Execution of that Part of their Office, and in manifest Wrong of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to give him such Relief in the Premises as to the House mall seem most meet.

Ordered\

48 21° — 2 2° Novembris. A. 1768.

Sir ew fairy Elc&ioa.

Ditto;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition of George Bean be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Bean be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday the 19th Day of December next.

Ordered, That lb much of the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Gordon, as relates to the Merits of the Return for the said County, be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of George Bean is heard.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Monday the 19th Day of December next, with the Return for the said County of Crcr . many.

A Petition of William Pulteney, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shrewsbury, and had a Majority of legal Votes: and that Robert Lord Clive, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was also a Candidate at the said

Election, together with Noel , Esquire; and that the Agents of the said Robert Lord Clive were guilty of several corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure his Lordship to be then elected; and particularly, that Thomas Wi, . Esquire, Mayor of the said Borough, who was dependant on Lord and by his Lordship’s Influence appointed to that Office, in an extraordinary Manner did illegally refuse the Votes of divers Burgesses of the said Borough who were entitled to vote, and tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and dkl admit several Persons, not having a Right to vote, to poll for the said Lord Clive, and was, during the Course of the said Election, guilty of many arbitrary, illegal, and partial Proceedings in Favour of the said Lord Clive; and although the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned by the said Mayor, yet he hath returned the said Noel Hill, Esquire, and Lord Clive, in Violation of the Rights of the said Electors, and to the manifest Wrong of the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned instead of the said Lord Clive And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein as shall be reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 2d Day of March next.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto signed, being Burgesses of the Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That William Pulteney, Esquire, was a Candidate at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Shrewsbury, and had a Majority of legal Votes; and that Robert Lord Clive, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was also a Candidate at the said Election, together with Noel Hill, Esquire; and that the Agents of the said Robert Lord Clive were guilty of several corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure his Lordship to be then elected; and particularly, that Thomas Wingfield, Mayor of the said Borough, who was dependant on Lord CRve, and by his Lordship’s Influence appointed so that Office, in an extraordinary Manner did illegally refuse the Votes of divers Burgesses of the said Borough, who were entitled to vote, and tendered their Votes for the said William Pulteney, and did admit several Persons, not having a Right to vote, to poll for the said Lord Clive; and was, during the said Election, guilty of many arbitrary, illegal, and partial Proceedings in Favour of the said Lord Clive; and although the said William teneywas duly elected, and ought to have been returned by the said Mayor, yet he hath returned the said Noel Hill, Esquire# and Lord Clive, in Violation of the Rights of the Electors of the said Borough, and to the 5

manifest Wrong of the said William Pulteney, who ought to have been returned instead of the said Lord Clive:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein, as shall be reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of William Pulteney, Esquire, is heard.

A Petition of One of the Aldermen, with forrre of Bridgewater the Capital Burgesses, and also of the Inhabitants of the Election. Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somef/et, paying Scotland Lot, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Bridgewater, wherein the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is alledged to be in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses of the said Borough, and in them only; whereas these Petitioners alledge, that the accustomed and established Right of Election is well known to be in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot: And therefori pray to be heard thereto, by their Counsel; and that the House Will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall feerrt meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of the honourable Anne Pdidetl is heard.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sixteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, including Four thousand Two hundred Eighty-seven Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds Man, per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Sixteen thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

.Martis, 2 2° die Novembris;

Anno 90 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Right honourable Sir Henry Coven- Doveridg* dish. Baronet, was presented to the House, and &c. read; Setting forth, That Part of the high Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Uttoxeter to Derby,

Opposite to the Ctofs in Cowbage Field, to the North Side of the Back Yard belonging to the Vicarage of J)ovc+ ridge, containing in Length Twenty Chains; and Part

of

9 Geo. III.

of another high Road, called , from the

West End of a Barn, formerly a Dwelling House, and then called Moseley's House, to where it joins the Church Lane, containing, in Length, Eight Chains and Ninety Links; and also, a Foot Path, or Way, from a Stile in the aforesaid Turnpike Road, which enters into a Clole, called Holloway Pitigle, at the Bottom of the Red Hill, and leads to the South East Corner of a Close, called Smith's Pingle, where it enters into the said Church Lane, containing in Length Nineteen Chains, all in the Parish of Doveridge, in the County of Derby, are inconvenient'

in many respects to the Petitioner, who is willing, upon Condition that the said Roads and Foot Path be (hut up and discontinued, to take upon himself to make a good Road for Carriages and Horses, from the White Hart Inn, to the House now in the Occupation of Mr. Bathew, and likewise to make a good FootWay, from the Cowbage Well to Wood's Gate;and to oblige himself, his Heirs, and Assigns, from Time to Time, to keep and maintain the said Road, and Foot "Way or Path, in good and sufficient Repair; which. Road and Foot Path will ‘ answer all the Purposes of the Roads and Path intended to be shut up, which will be both advantageous to the Petitioner and the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cavendish, Mr. Fitzherbert, &c. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

th»fani’# An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat> for naturalizing John Dufdur, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr. Edmon/lone, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Niedrick’s A Petition of Paul Niedrick was presented to the Nat. House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill,

according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. William Burke and Sir John Molesworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

New A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish and Bo-"Windsor rough of Neiv Windsor, in the County of Berks, was treew. prefenje(j to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Streets and Lanes within the said Parish and Borough, are, for Want of being properly repaired, paved, cleansed, and lighted, become dangerous; and that several Nuisancesand Incroachments have been made in the said Streets and Lanes; and that, if the Streets and Lanes within the said Parish and Borough were sufficiently paved, cleansed, and lighted, and a nightly Watch appointed, and a Power granted to remove the present Nuisances and Incroachments, and to prevent the like for the future, it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Borough: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tonfon, Sir Charles &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to ' fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Voj.. 32.

49

The House being informed, that Mr. Seddon (from Westminster the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Bridge. Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 9th Day of De-

cember 1767 to the 16th Day of November 1768, indu-five: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Day of October 1767 to the 10th Day of October 1768; together with a Rent Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents received, from the 5th of July 1767 to the 5th of

1768-

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said State and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty’s Distressed Gaol in Durham: And also. Debtors.

A Petition of the Poor Prisoners now confined for Ditto.

Debt in the Gaol or Prison of the Sheriff of Devon-, as also, the Prisoners confined in the Southgate Prison of the City and County of the City of Exon: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons confined for Debt in Ditto.

His Majesty’s Gaol at Chelmsford, in the County of Essex:

And also,

Another Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in His Ditto. Majesty’s Gaol at Durham: And also,

A Petition of the Poor Debtors long confined in the Ditto. County Gaol in Dorchester:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were (everally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of James Edward Oglethorpe, General of Haslemere His Majesty’s Forces, and John Johnstone, Esquire, was Election, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners and Thomas More Molyneux, Esquire, and William Burrell, Doctor of Laws, flood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Haflcmere, in the County of Surrey; and that William Ride the Bailiff, who was the Returning Officer at the said Election, atted in the most arbitrary, partial, and illegal Manner; and several Persons were admitted to poll at the said Election for the said Mr.

Molyneux and Mr. Burrell, who had no Right so to do, and the Votes of several Persons who had good Right to poll, and voted, and offered to vote, for the Peti* tioners, were disallowed, and divers undue and illegal Practices were made use of by the said Mr. and

Mr. Burrell, or their Agents, in respect to, and at the said Election; and the said Thomas More Molyneux and William Burrell are returned Burgesses for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, who were duly elected the Representatives for the said Borough by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Redress therein as shall be just.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, inhabitant Freeholders, and legal Voters, of the Borough of Haflemerin the County of Surrey, in Behalf of themselves, and other inhabitant Freeholders, and legal Voters of the said Borough, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the said Borough is a Borough by Prescription, and the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament O for

22° Novembris.

Inverness

Election.

50 220 Novembris. . 1768.

for the said Borough, by the Resolutions of this House, is declared to be in the inhabitant Freeholders of Messuages. Lands, or Tenements, lying within the Borough and Manor of Haslemere, whether the same pay Rent to the Lord of the said Borough and Manor, or not, exclusive of any Lands or Tenements- which are, or have been Parcel of the Waste Ground of the said Borough and Manor, or any Messuages or Buildings which are, or shall be (landing, or being thereon; and that of late Years the Practice of splitting and dividing Freeholds within the said Borough, for Election Purposes, and the introducing Strangers there a few Days before an Election, in order to vote, hath prevailed to so great a Degree, that if the same is not remedied, and effectually prevented for the future*' the Privileges and Franchises of the Petitioners will be dell rayed, and the ancient and true Constitution of the said Borough totally subverted; and at the last Election ’of Burgesses to lerve tn Parliament for the said Borough, James Edward Oglethorpe, Esquire, General of His Majesty’s Forces, John , Esquire,

Thomas More Molyneux, Esquire, and lVilliam Doctor of Laws, were Candidates; and at the said Election great Innovations were made on the ancient and true Right of Election of the said Borough, and a great Number of Persons admitted to vote for the said Mr. Molyneux and Doctor Burrellby the Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough, in respect of Freeholds so, illegally split and divided, and several Persons who were not Inhabitants of the said Borough, others who were not Freeholders, others whose pretended Freeholds were Parcel of the Waste Ground of the said Borough and Manor, and others whose Freeholds do not lye within the said Borough and Manor, were also admitted by the said Bailiff to vote for the said Mr. Molyneux and Mr. Burrell, at the said Election, contrary to the Right

of Election of the said Borough, and in Violation of the Rights, Privileges, and Franchises of the Petitioners, and other the legal Voters of the said Borough; and although Mr. Oglethorpe and Mr. had the

Majority of legal Votes, and ought- to have been returned Burgesses for the said Borough, yet the said Bailiff hath returned the said Mr. Molyneux and Doctor Burrell, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to give the Petitioners such Redress therein as shall be jnft.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the ConGderation of the Committee of Privileges and Eieftions: Who are to examine the Matter of the said Petitions; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions upon Wednesday the 8th Day of February next.

A Petition of William Macintofh, Senior, Esquire, present Provost, and the other Persons under subscribing Magistrates, and Town Counsellors of the Borough of Inverness, in North Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That upon the nth Day of April last, the Commissioners duly elected for the Boroughs of Inverness, Nairn, and met to choose a

Representative for them in Parliament; and that Colonel HeBor Monroe appeared at the said Meeting, with a Commission from the pretended Magistrates and Counselloes of die Burgh of Fortrof appointing him their Delegate or Conmuffioner, with Power to meet with the Commissioners foe the other Boroughs of Inverness, Nairn, and Form, and vote in the choosing of a Representative to Parliament; and that the Petitioners objected and protested, that the Vote of the said Colonel Monroe, as

Delegate or Commissioner for the said pretended Magistrates and Counsellors of , ought not to be

admitted or received, because the Election of the Magistrates and Counsellors of the said Borough at Michaelmas 1766, was made under the Influence of the moll 7

grass Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices ;* and that the said Election of Magistrates and Counsellors, made at Michaelmas 1766, was under Challenge or Reduction in the Court of Session in Scotland; and that a Proof of the Fasts having been allowed by the Court, much Evidence had already been taken in Support of these Allegations, and in the further Course of the Proof the same would be clearly proved; and that the said Election of Magistrates and Counsellors, made at Michaelmas 1766, being set aside for these ' venal Practices, the subsequent Election made by them at Michaelmas 1767, of their Successors in Office, who granted the said pretended Commission to Colonel HeBor Monroe, mull of Course fall, and be let aside: That for these and other Reasons urged at the said Meeting, they infilled and protested that the Commission granted by the said Magistrates and Counsellors of Fortrofe, was in itself null and void, and that the said Colonel He£1 or Monroe, could not be admitted or allowed to give his Vote as Delegate or Commissioner for the said Borough of Fortrofe, in choosing the Representative for this present Parliament; and that the Delegate for the Petitioners, as well as the Delegate for the Borough of Forres, voted for Sir Alexander Grant, Baronet, who had , been unanimously elected, and represented that D fmck. of Boroughs in last Parliament; and that the Delegate for the Borough of Nairn voted for the said Colonel Heitor Monroe, and the Returning Officer, notwithstanding the Reasons urged to the contrary, having admitted the said Colonel Heitor Monroe to vote as Delegate or Commissioner for the Borough of Fortrofe, he voted for himself, and also gave a calling Vote, as representing the Returning Borough, whereupon the Returning Officer declared the said Colonel Heitor Monroe duly elected; and that the Petitioners, as Magistrates and Counsellors of Inverness, the next Borough entitled to the calling or decisive Vote at the Election of a Member to Parliament, in case of the Voidance of the Vote of the said Borough of Fortrofe, conceive themselves to be greatly aggrieved and injured by the Proceeding of the Returning Officer, in admitting the Vote of the Delegate of the said Borough of Fortrofe, and in returning the said Colonel HeBor Monroe to the Sheriff, as the Person duly

elected to represent them in Parliament, notwithstanding the Petitioners further objected and infilled, that by Law the said Colonel HeBor Monroe was not capable or qualified to represent this District of Boroughs in Parliament; for that by the 8th Act of the 4th Session of" the ill Parliament of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act " for settling the Manner of Electing the 16 Peers and " 45 Commoners to represent Sco in the Parliament " of Great Britain," it is declared " That none shall " be capable to deft, or be elected, to represent a " Shire or Borough in the Parliament of Great Britain,

" for that Part of the united Kingdom called Scotland,

" except such as were then capable, by the Laws of the " Kingdom of Scotland, to elect, or be elected* Commissioners for Shires or Boroughs to the Parliament of " ScotlandAnd that by the Laws and Practices of ’ Scotland, before the Union of the Kingdoms, the Represen-tatives of Boroughs mull have been real Merchants, Tradesmen, Trading Burgesses, or Proprietors of Burgage Lands or Tenements within the Burgh which they represented in Parliament; and that the said Colonel HeBor Monroe, not being a real Merchant, Trading Burgeft, Tradesman, or Proprietor of Burgage Lands within the said Borough of Fortrofe, or within any other of the Boroughs of the said District, was therefore not capable or qualified to be elected, or to represent the said District of Boroughs in Parliament, and of Consequence his Election was void and null: And therefore submitting the Consideration of what is above represented, to the House, and humbly hoping for Redress.

A Petition of Sir Ludovick Grant, of Grant, Baronet, Din*. Provost, and of the other Persons Undersubscribers, Magistrates and Town Counsellors of the Borough of

Forres,

9 Geo. III. 22° Novembris. 51

Forres, in North Britain, was also presented to' the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Didrift of Boroughs of Inverness, Fortrofe, Nairn, and Forres, George Grieg, Common Clerk or the Borough of Fortrofe, reported to Hugh Roje, Esquire, Sheriff Depute of the County of Ross, that Lieutenant Colonel HeElor Monroe was duly elected; in Consequence

whereof, the said Colonel HeElor Monroe has been returned by the said Sheriff as Representative in Parliament for that Di drift of Boroughs j and that the Petitioners, as Magistrates and Counsellors of the Burgh of Forres, conceiving themselves to be aggrieved by this Return, make their humble Application to the House for Redress, upon the following Grounds, that the Commissioner or Delegate duly elected by the Borough of Forres, voted for Sir Alexander Grant of Dal-vey, Baronet, the lad Representative for this Didrift of Boroughs, to be their Representative in this present Parliament at said Election, as did the Commissioner for the Borough of Inveruefs; but the Commissioner, or pretended Commissioners for Fortrofe and Nairn, voted for the said Colonel HeElor and he, as pre-

tended Commissioner for the Borough of Fortrofe, gave his cading Vote in Favour of himself, which furnished a Pretence to the said George Grieg, to report him to the Sheriff as duly elected; and that the Commissioners for the Boroughs of-Inverness and Forres, protected against this

Election, and required the said Glearge Grieg to report the said Sir Alexander Grant to the Sheriff, as duly elected by a Majority of legal Voters, for the following, among other Reasons; viz* That the Vote of the said Colonel HeElor Monroe, as pretended Commissioner, chosen by the pretended Magistrates and Counsellors of Fortrofe, ought not to have been admitted or received at the said Election, in respect the Election of Magistrates and Counsellors for the said Burgh of Fortrofe at Michaelmas 1766, was brought about by gross Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices; and that the said Sir Alexander Grant, Baronet, the late Representative for this Didrift of Boroughs, had indituted an Action of Reduction in the Court of Session in Scotland, whereby the Election of Magistrates and Counsellors for the said Borough of Fortrofe, at Michaelmas lad, 1767, would be let afideand vacated, and of Consequence the Election made by them of their said pretended Commissioner or Delegate, would be void and of no Effect; and that by the 8th Act of the 4th Session of the id Parliament of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for settling

the Manner of Electing the 16 Peers and 45 Commoners to represent Scotland in the Parliament of " Great Britain,"it is declared, " That none shall be

capable to eieft, or be elected, to represent a Shire or " Borough in the Parliament of Great Britain, for that Part of the united Kingdom called Scotland, " except such as were then capable by the Laws of the Kingdom of Scotland, to eieft, or be elected, Commissioners for Shires or Boroughs to the Parliament of " Scotland." And that by the Laws and Praftifce of Scotland, before the Union of the Two Kingdoms, the Representatives of Boroughs mud have been real Merchants, Tradesmen, Trading Burgesses, or Proprietors of Burgage Lands or Tenements within the Burgh which they represented in Parliament-; that the above recited Clause in the said Act of Parliament

is dill in force, and the said Colonel HeElor Monroe not being a real Merchant, Trading Burgess, Tradesman, or Proprietor of Burgage Lands, within the said Burgh of Fortrofe, or within any other of the Boroughs of the said Didrift, is not capable of being elected, or representing the said Didrift of Boroughs in Parliament, and, of Consequence, that his Election is void and null:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under Consideration, and to give such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Indruftion to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of Sir Alexander Grant is heard.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Ship Owners, Wells* and other Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Harbour, lie.

in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Rate? and Duties granted by an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Yeat of King Charles the- Second, for repairing and preserving the Quay of the said Port, have not only been found insufficient for repairing and preserving the Quay and Harbour, but are at this Time incumbered with a Debt of Nine Hundred Pounds, and upwards, notwithstanding a considerable Sum of Money raised by a voluntary Subscription j and that the said Harbour and Quay mud, in a short Time, fall into Decay, unless some further and more effectual Provision be made, for the preserving, improving, and maintaining, thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the preserving, improving, and maintaining the said Harbour and Quay of Wells, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward AJlley, Sir John Turner, See. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edward Hawke, from the Commissioners for execut- Estimites ing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain Presented presented to die House, purfoant to their Addrefe to -Navy. His Majesty,

The Ordinary Edimate of His Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1769: And also,

An Edimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works over and above what are proposed to be done upon die Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary in the Year 1769.

And the Titles of the said Edimates were read.

The Ordinary Edimate of the Navy is preserved amongd the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Edimate, are as followeth; viz.

Yol. 3a.

ABSTRACT

1

52

23° Novembris.

A.

'7<SS.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1769.

No.

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto.

s. d.

2. Superannuated Sea Officers - - ----- 18,289 10 10

3. Pensions and other Allowances - -- -- - 6,769 10 9

4-

5-

6.

7-

8.

9-

Yards

I Chatham -

Deptford - - - _ _

Woolwich -

Portsmouth - -

Sheerness -

Plymouth -

3,295 1 6

,3,142 11 4

2,520 8 8

4,054 14 6

1,813 4 6

3.245 9 6

10. Muster Master and other Officers of the Out Ports -

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein ——

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks,

Wharfs, Buildings, &c. ——

15. Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers ——

16. Bounty to Chaplains ——

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1769 -

To which may be added.

To the Governor of the Royal Hospital at , for the Support and Relief of

Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1769, Ten thousand Pounds

£ s. j

33.943 411

23»°59 1 j

18,071

3>*>57

50.378

22,076

46,263

10

16

9

8

o

o

11

8

4

o

I05>674 o o 103,900 o o *’23i 17 6

410,255 s 1

10,000 o o £.420,25^ s 1

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1769, amounts to Four hundred and Twenty thousand Two hundred and Fifty-five Pounds, Eight Shillings and a Penny.

r.

G. Cockburne, Tho. Slade, -J.William E. Mason^ T. Brett,

B. Temple.

Navy

o

t* s

GO

to

\ Navy Office*

21 ft November i }6S»

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works over and above what are proposed to be ddne upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1769; prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated 15th Instant.

VO

g

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

3

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Nature of their Repair.. Time when may be

Taken in hand. Completed.

Deptford - -- 74 Resolution - - - Building - - In hand - - Mar. 1770

Grafton - - - Building - - In hand - - Mar. 1771

— Cumberland - - - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - -

Sloop New - - - Building - - In hand - - December 1769

Woolwich - -- 9° Qwmj - - - - Building - - In hand - - November next

64 Intrepid - - - - Building - - In hand - - September 17 70

Defiance - - - - Building - - In hand - - September 1771

20 Aldborough - - Small - - In hand - - Mar. next - -

44 Rainbow - - . - Large - - - Uncertain - -

74. New Ship - - - To be set up wh en the Queen is lau tiched.

Chatham - 9° Prince George: - - Building - - . In hand - - Uncertain - -

Formidable - - - Building - - In hand - Uncertain - -

5° Salisbury - - - Building - - In hand - - September next

64 Somersetr- . - - - . Large - - In hand - - April 1770

5° I 1. t 1 Small - - In hand - - Mar. next

v 20 Mercury - .* . Small - - Mar. next - June next - -

18 Cerberus - - - - Small - - Uncertain - -

64 New Ship . - - - To be set up when the Raisonable is launched.

Sloop New - - -, - - Uncertain - -

Sheerness -- - - 5° , Portland - - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - -

' 20 Lively - - - - Lame - - In hand - - Mar. next - -

r "l ’ - 5° New Ship . - - - To be set up when the Portland is launched.

28 Abiivi - - - - Middling - - -» Uncertain - -

Portsmouth - -- -- - 90 Princess Royal - - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - -

74 Elizabeth - - - Building - - In hand - - August next

64 Wore ester . - Building - - In hand - - August next

74 64 New Ship - - 7 New Ship - - 1 C TpJ be set up when the Elizabeth and Worcester,) 2 are launched. J

74 Centaur - - - - Middling January next November next

36 Pallas '- - - Small - - January next November next

Sloop New - - - Uncertain -

Charge of their Total.

lulls, Mails nd Yards. Rigging and'' Stores.

16,000 4*578 20,578

7,000 - - 7,000

3,000 ... 3,000

3,000 *>543 1 4*543

8,900. 5*5»6 14,426

6,600 at m 6,600

4,500 tt m 4,500

700 1,490 2,190

2,000 m *" " " 2,000

1,500 1,500

8,000 500 8,500

2,500 _ 2*500

5,000 4,502 9,502

13,900 i>5°° 15,400

2,500 ' 1>7°9 4,209

x?477 1.511 2,988

j»oi8 1*399 2*417

2,000 - 2,060

3>'5° 1*543 4»693

5,900* . I*r63 7,063

1,042 269 1*3 11

900 m 900

3*<*4 900 3’924

5,000 - 5,000

r4,too 5,606 19,700

*"9,500" 3>900 ' 13,400

1,500 - - j - 1,500 .

1,000 ' * . 1,000

12,000 4*o32 16,032

*»275 1*075’ 2*35°

a, 150 900 3,°5b>

Geo. III. 32b Novembris,

r

Plymouth ----- i 7+ 64 74 64 74 1 24 I Royal Oak - - -Monmouth - - -Torbay - - - -Bienfatfant - - -New Ship . - - -Garland - - - - Building - -Building - -Large - -Middling To be set up w Middling In hand - - December 1769 In hand - -. 1770 In hand - - 1769 Next Month December 1769 Ten the Royal Oak is launched. r 13.468 6,900 12,660 7, too 2,800 2,252 2,000 *»*54 600 15.468 6,900 *3»ZI4 7,100 2,800 2,85a

\ ‘ - Total for the Ships - - £> *94,7^6 47.394 2429lIO

Repairs and Improvements on Docks, Wharfs, and other public Buildings in His Majesty’s several Yards, on the Head of Extra.

At Port/mo

Plymouth

Portmahon

.To completing the , North Dock in the Bason, building an Horse Engine and Pump House, making ioo Feet in £.

Length of the Main Drain to the said Dock, lowering the Entrance into the relieving Bason for receiving the f Water from the said Dock, &c. - - - 12,574

To completing what remains to be done to the Gates of the said North Dock, fixing the Centers and Collars,

and hanging the same - -- -- -- -- - 802

To completing the Piers, Outer and Inner Aprons of the South Dock in the said Bason, making a Main Drain

from thence into the Harbour for letting the Water in and out of the Dock - -- *3,627

To taking down the old Work of the South Side of the Bason or Great Wet Dock, and new building the same - 5,000

To fini filing the Laying House - - - 3,000

To completing the black and white Yarn Houses, Tarring House, and Store House, N° 2, for Hemp - - - 1,300

Towards carrying On the Main Drain under the Rope House, and a Part of the Boundary Wall for the Security

of the Yard - - - -- - - -- -- -- - 1,800

To cotnpleaung the Four Bays of Mast Houses - -- -- - - -- - 1,200

To making Careening Wharfs on Saffron Island - ---- --- ---- t,oco

4°>3°3

Grand Total, - - £.282,413

ts>

o

o

ca

N

CD

Q_

o

ABSTRACT.

For die Ships - - '* " "

L Rjgging and Stores -

For other Extra Works on Docks, Buildings, SsV

242,110

40,3°3

194,716?

47»394)

Grand Total - - 282,413

Viz, The Sum of Two hundred Eighty-two Thousand Four hundred and Thirteen Pounds. O, Cockbumt, Tfa. Slade, J, fVillimt. Mason, T. R, Temple,

Os

00

9 Geo. III. 22° Novem 55

Ordered, That the said Efti mates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Dundee. A Petition of Robert Mackintosh, Esquire, was prfcfented _*c. . to the House, and read} Setting forth, That George on* Dempster, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were the only Persons who appeared, or offered themselves as Candidates, previous to or at the Time of the late Election for a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Burghs of

Perth, Saint Andrew\ Cu, and Forfar; and that the said George Dempster was guilty of the most corrupt and

illegal Practices in order to procure himself to be elected j and that the said George and the other Persons

in his Interest, whom he had procured to be commissioned as Delegates for the Purpose of eleding a Burgel's to serve in Parliament for the said Burghs, were not legally chosen or authorized as such and that a Majority of the Persons duly elected as Delegates for the said Burghs gave their Votes for the Petitioner; and that the said George Dempster, conscious that he could not be duly elected, or capable of fitting in Parliament, by reason of the corrupt and illegal Practices aforesaid, did influence the Persons he had procured to be commissioned as Delegates, and who were absolutely under his Directions, to give their Votes for Esquire, an

otter Stranger to all the said Burghs, and who was not present at the Time of the Election, or ever had appeared or offered himself as a Candidate at any Time previous thereto; and he the said George Dempster did also give his own Vote for the said William Pulteney, and that the avowed Purpose of transferring the Votes of the said Delegates from the said George Dempster to the said William Pulteney was, that the said William Pulteney having a Prospect of being returned, as in fed he has been, for the County of Cromarty, should make his Election to fit for the said County, in order that the said George Dempster might, on the Vacancy thereby made, be elected for the said Burghs , he the said George Dempftet. thus hoping to evade the legal Consequences of such his corrupt and illegal Practices, at the same Time he reaped the Fruit thereof, by their continued Effect and Influence on such , Second Election; and that the said William Pulteney was incapable of being elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Burghs, not having had the Qualifications required by Law for a Commissioner or Representa-tivein Parliament for the same j the said William Pul-. ' teney hath, notwithstanding, been unduly returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Friday the 10th Day of February next.

Comberiaad A Petition of Humphry the Younger, was

EfeQwfi. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at the lad Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the County of Cumberland, Sir James Lowther, Baronet, Henry Curwen, and Henry Fletcher, Esquires, together with the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, during the Course of the Poll, many Persons were admitted to vote for the said Mr. Curwen who were not legally entitled so to do, and the Votes of several Persons were rejected who ought to have been admitted, and who offered to vote for the Petitioner; whereby a pretended Majority was obtained in favour of Mr. who

was accordingly returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned together with Sir James

Vol. 32.

Lowthet: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as shall seem reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the feme Time that the Matter of the Petition of Henry Fletcher, Esquire, is heard.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free* Diste» holders, of the County of Cumberland, was also presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That, during the Course of the Poll, many Persons were admitted to vote who were not legally entitled so to do, and others rejected whose Votes ought to have been admitted; whereby a pretended Majority was obtained in favour of Mr.

Curwen, and he was accordingly returned, in Prejudice of Mr. Senhouse, who ought to have been returned together with the said Sir James Lowther: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Considera* tion, and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Mat* ter of the Petition of Henry Fletcher, Esquire, is heard.

Ordered, That Henry Fletcher and Humphrey the Younger, Esquires, who have petitioned this Hotife, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Cumberland, do, by themselves, or by their Agent or Agents, on or before the 30th Day of this Instant November, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agent or Agents, a List, or Lifts, of the Persons intended by them to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving in the said Lift, or Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the feme against the Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the Sitting Members for the said County of Cumberland do, by themselves or by their Agent or Agents, Within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Parts, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

A Petition of ‘Thomas Breton, Esquire, and Willidm Gibson and John Newcome, Gentlemen, Returning Offi- e *° *

cers at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Taking notice of the Petition of the honourable Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, wherein the Petitioners are charged with having given, from the Commencement of the Canvas, notorious and repeated Proofs of their Attachment to Sir George Osborn and Sir George Bridges Rodney, the other Candidates; and with having behaved, during the whole Course of the Poll, with the utmost Partiality to them, and with taking other illegal and unwarrantable Methods, relative to the Election and . Return; and that the Petitioners are conscious of the Up-rightnel's of their Conduct in the faithful and impartial Discharge of their Duty: And therefore praying. That they may be allowed touefend themselves, by Counsel, against the said Charges, when the Matter of the said Petition is heard.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners, Thomas Breton William Gibson, and John Newcome, be admitted to be

heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, against the Charge contained in the said Petition of the honourable Thomas Hotve, at the same Time that the Matter of the said Petition of the honourable Thrnai Howe is appointed to be heard.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Eledors for Members to E1#a, Q"* serve ‘in Parliament for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read;

Set t ing forth, That, at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Poole afore-6 said.

Great

Marlow

EJc&ion.

Radnor,

Ac.

Election.

56 220 Novembris. A. 1768.

said, Thomas Calcraft, Esquire, Jopiua Mauger, Esquire, poll for the said Edward and whose Right of

and Joseph Gulfton, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, voting was unexceptionable, at the tame Time admit-previous to the Taid Election, and during the Time of the ting others to poll for the said John Laois, who were not laid Thomas Calcraft's canva fling the said Borough, he qualified to vote at the said Election; and did also in was guilty, by Means of and through his Agents, of an many other Instances act in the moll unjustifiable and Attempt to bribe the Corporation of Poole to elect him a injurious Manner in favour of the said John Lewis,

Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, by whom he hath unjustly returned as duly elected for the offering One thousand Five hundred Pounds to the said said Borough; which partial and illegal Acts and Proceed* Corporation for that Purpose; and the said Thomas Cal- ings of the said Bailiff, as well as several other undue and craft did also, by and through his said Agents and Friends, illicit Practices, and unlawful Attempts, not only during make use of divers Threats to several Electors of the said the said Election, but also previous thereto, do most ap-Borough, who held and were in Enjoyment of Offices or parently and directly tend to violate and prejudice the Places under the Government, that they should be dif- Rights of the Petitioners, and the rest of the legal Elec-miffed and turned out of their Offices and Places, unless tors of the said Borough of New Radnor, as also the they gave their Votes for him at the said Election; by Freedom of Elections in generaf: And therefore praying Means whereof, and of several other corrupt, illegal, and the House to take the Premises under their Considera-unconflitutional Measures, made use as well before as at tion, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall the Election, the said Mr. Calcraft procured a Return seem meet.

in his Favour, in manifest Wrong and Injury to the Peti- Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard tioners as well as to the rest of the uncorrupt Voters of at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Mat-the said Borough, in Violation of the Laws of the Land, ter of the Petition o , Esquire, is heard,

and the Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying'-the House to take the Premises into Consideration, O, That Mr. George Bean do attend this House, Cromarty that Justice may be done therein, and such Relief granted upon Monday the 19 th Day of December next, with the to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet. Return which he tendered to the Sheriff, of a Member

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Cromarty. tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;

and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to NewcaSle the House. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the under Lya*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- electing of a Burgess to lerve in this pretest Parliament mittee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition for the Borough of under Lyue, in the County

at the same Time that the Petition of Joseph Gulston, of Stajford, in the room of John Wrottesley, Esquire; who,

Esquire, is heard. ' since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted

the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three A Petition of William Matthew Burt, Esquire, was pre- Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejlmrough, and Bonenham, ' fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at in the County of Buckingham. the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, William Clay- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant'to Saflex tost and William Dickinson, Esquires, and the Petitioner, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, were Candidates; and that the said William Dickinson, electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Esquire, through undue Influence, exercised by himself, Parliament for the County of Sussex, in the room of the Agents, and others, by illegal, corrupt, and unconfti- Right honourable Thomas Pelham, now Lord Pelham, tutional Methods and Practices by himself and Agents, called up to the House of Peers, by Menaces, Threats, and Promises by himself. Agents,

and others, procured himself to be returned to serve in Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Corrntry this present Parliament for the said Borough, in manifest the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ* Prejudice to the Petitioner, and of the undoubted Rights electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament of the Free Voters in the said Borough: And therefore for the City of in the room of the honourable

praying the House to take the Premises into Considera- Andrew Archer, now Lord Archer, called up to tire tion, and to grant such Relief therein as shall seem House of Peers, meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to MMdfe&x sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for writ

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this pre-the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.: sent Parliament for the County of in the room

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- of George Cooke, Esquire, deceased.

mittee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition

upon Monday the 13th Day of February next. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Prtrrixrt

... the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ.

A- Petition of the under-written Burgesses of Radnor, electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament.

Rhyader, and Knucklafs, in Behalf of themselves and of , for the City of Peterborough, in the County of North-the major Part of the legal Burgesses of the said Bo- ampton, in the room of Sir Matthew Lamb, Baronet, roughs, was, presented to the House, and read; Setting deceased. forth. That John Lewis, Esquire, and Edward Lewis,

Esquire, were Candidates at the last Election of a Bur- . And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow gefs to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Rad- Morning, Nine of the Clock.

nor-, and that the said Edward Lewis was duly elected 1 by a Majority of legal Voters; but that Benjamin Alford,

Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough, acting under the unwarrantable and avowed Influence of the said John Lewis and his Agents, did manifest the most notorious and flagrant Partiality in Behalf of the said John Lewis, by refuting several Persons who offered to

9 Geo. III. 23°

Mercuriiy 23° Novembris;

Anno, 9° Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1768.

Pr AYERS.

Taunton 'A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants and Market. fx. Gentlemen in the Neighbourhood of the Town

of Taunton, in the County of whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for erecting proper Buildings for a new Market, and confining the same to be held on a certain Spot of Ground, situated in the Fore-Street of the said Town; and that these Petitioners apprehend, that the same will be highly useful and beneficial to the said Town, and Country adjoining; and that, in case the Powers of the said Bill were extended, so as to include the . whole Space-of Ground called The Islandand in

the said Town of Taunton, and to the taking down the present Guildhall, and all other Buildings now {landing on the said Island and Corand to the erecting a new Guildhall, Market-House, and alfoa Public House for the Conveniency of Persons resorting to the said Market, together with such other commodious Buildings as shall be found necessary and convenient, it would be a general Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and Country surrounding it; and that many Disorders and Irregularities are frequently committed in the Night-time, in the East-Street, the High-Streetthe North-Street, and the Fore-Street in the said Town; which, the Petitioners apprehend, would in a great measure be prevented, if the said Streets were properly lighted; and that the Passage through the said Street, called , to the Bridge

commonly called Nurton , is greatly obstructed by Two old and ruinous Houses, (landing between -

Lane, and HorseLane-, and it would be a great Convenience if the said Houses were taken down, and the Soil and Ground whereon they (land was laid into the public Street: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for carrying the said Purposes into Execution, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Webb, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Gloucester

and

Hereford

Roads.

A Petition’ of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the City of Gloucester towards the City of Hereford, and for repairing other Roads in the County of and of other Persons residing near or travelling some of the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, the Trustees, have made great Progress in putting the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money, and find it ab-lolutely necessary to borrow a still further Sum for amending some of the Roads; and that, by reason of the great Extent of the Roads included in the said Act, and the Smallness of the Tolls, the Petitioners, the Trustees, find they shall not be able effectually to execute their Trust, and pay off the Money borrowed, and to be borrowed, upon the Credit of the said Act, with Interest, without some additional Tolls and Powers, and a further Continuation of the Terms; and that the Road leading from tl^e present Turnpike Road at Part of the Roads

Vol. 32.

directed by the said Act to be repaired, through the Town and Parish of Newent, and the Parishes of Oxen hall, Dimmeck, and Donington, to join the Ledbury

Turnpike Road at or near Din the said Parish of Donington; and also the Road, leading from the present Turnpike Road, at Mitchell Dean, to in or near the Parish of Abenhall, in the County of Gloucester-, and from the said Turnpike Road at Mitchell Dean, through the Town of Mitchell Dean, to the Top' of a Hill, called The Slendersin or near the Forest of Dean, and through the said Town of Mitchell Dean, to the Turnpike Road leading from the La* to Ross, at or near Castle End-, and from the said Town of Mitchell Dean, to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of through the Lea, in the County of Gloucester, in the Road to Hereford, at or near the Lea Line; and also the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road, from the City of Gloucester to Hawkinfpill, in the Road to Newnham, at

or near Jordan Hill, through the Parish of Flaxley, to Gun’s Mill aforesaid; and also the Road leading from the said last mentioned Turnpike Road, in the Tything of Elton, to the Cross in the Town of Little Dean, in the said County of Gloucester; are in a ruinous Condition, and narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying) That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and to repair and widen the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the' Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edward AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Ship Owners,1 and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Wells, in the County of Norfolk, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for preferring and repairing the Quay of the Port of Wells, was read: And,

John Hill the Younger, Merchant, being examined, said. That the Town of Wells is a Place of considerable Trade, and a great Number of Ships are employed there.

That the Duties granted by the said Act have been duly collected, and applied in repairing the said Quay.

That the said Quay and Harbour being, in a great Measure, silted up, an immediate Repair became necessary, and a voluntary Subscription was entered into for that Purpose, by the Merchants, Ship Owners, and others, which will expire on the First of January next.

That the Rates and Duties already collected, and which will be collected, in consequence of the said Subscription, will amount to £. 1,100. or thereabouts; and the Monies already expended in repairing and preserving the said Quay and Harbour, amounts to the Sum of

£. 2,000. and upwards.

That £. 900. and upwards still remains due and owing, and no Provision made for repaying the fame; and that it is not possible to pay the said Money, and prevent the total Ruin of the said Quay and Harbour, unless some Provision be made for that Purpose by Parliament.

Mr. Hill then produced to your Committee the Accounts and Vouchers, to shew the Sum of Money owing; and his Evidence was likewise confirmed by a Member present.

Q OrdereJ,

WelU

Harbour,

5»

230 Novembris.

A. 1768.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the repairing, improving, and better preserving, of the Harbour and Quay of Wells, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Edward A Sir John , and Mr.

Harbord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Greening’s A Bill to enable Henry Thomas Greening, Esquire, to Name‘ take and use the Surname of Gott, pursuant to the Will of Mary Gott, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Sir John Turner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five erf the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Willey The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, accord-Inclosure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Common, Arable, Meadow, Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willey, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

T)i lire fled A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty’s

Debtors. Gaol in Durham, was presented to the House, and read j Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Wigtown, George Augufius Selwyn, Esquire, being chosen a Mem-

ber to serve in this present Parliament for the City of r‘c' Gloucester, in the county of ; and also a Bur-

gefs for the District of Burghs of Wigtown, Whitehorn, New Galloway, and Stranr made his Election to serve

for the City of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Wigtown, Whitehorn, New Galloway, and Stranraer, in the Room of the said George Augufius Selwyn, Esquire.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to and5 rc^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refblution; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for fais-ing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Quiet Sir George Savile presented to the House, according of the to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Subjects. Act made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever: And the same was received; and read the First ;Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Wilkes. The House being informed, that Mr. Filmer, Clerk of the King's Bench Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Record of the Proceedings on an

3

Information, in the Court of King’s Bench, against John Wilkes, Esquire, for a Libel: And also,

A Copy of the Record of the Proceedings on an Information, in the Court of King’s Bench, against John Wilkes, Esquire, for Blasphemy.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

And the Copy of the said Record of the Proceedings on an Information, in the Court of King’s Bench, against John Wilkes, Esquire, for a Libel, was also read and is as followeth; viz.

Pleas, before our Lord the King at Westminster, of the Term of Saint Hilary, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and in the Year of our Lord 1764.

Amongst the Pleas of the King, Roll 2.

Uiddltftx. I Be it remembered. That Sir Amongst the Informations I Fletcher Norton, Knight, late So-of Uft Term, N° 75. j fifttor, but now Attorney General, of our present Sovereign Lord the King, who prosecutes for our said Lord the King, in this Behalf, came in his proper Person into the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King himself at West on Saturday next after Fifteen Days from the Day of Saint Martin last past; and for our said Lord the King, brought into the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King himself then there, a certain Information against John Wilkes, late of the Parish of Saint Margaret, within the Liberty of

in the County of A/i^/(/«r, Esquire, which said Information followeth in these Words; (that is to say) Be it

remembered, That Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Solicitor General of our present Sovereign Lord the King, who prosecutes in this Behalf for our said Lord the King, cometh here, in his proper Person, into the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King himself at Westminster, on Saturday next after Fifteen Days from the Day of Saint Martin, in this present Term; and, for our laid Sovereign Lord the King, giveth the Court here further to understand, and be informed, That before the printing and publishing of the seditious and scandalous Libel, herein after mentioned} (that is to say), On Tuesday the Nineteenth Day of April in the Third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, and (o forth, our said present Sovereign Lord the King did make, and deliver, a moll Gracious Speech from His Throne to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons of Great Britain, then in Parliament assembled; which Speech of our said Lord the King was to the Purport or Effect following; (that is to say).

My Lords, and Gentlemen, I cannot put an End to this Session of Parliament, without expressing My Thanks for the signal Zeal and Dispatch which you have manifested in your Proceedings, and which make it unnecessary for Me to continue it any longer. 1 informed you at your First Meeting, that Preliminary Articles were signed by My Minister, and those of France and Spain. I ordered them to be laid before you: And the Satisfaction which I felt at the approaching Re-establishment of Peace, upon Conditions so honourable to My Crown, and so beneficial to My People, was highly increased, by My receiving from both Houses of Parliament, the strongest and most grateful Expressions of their entire Approbation. These Articles have been established, and even rendered still more advantageous to My Subjects by the Definitive Treaty and My Expectations have been fully answered, by the happy Effects which the several Allies of My Crown have derived from this salutary Measure. The Powers at War with my good Brother the King of have been induced to agree to such Terms of Accommodation, as that great Prince has approved j and the Success which has attended My Negotiation has necessarily,

and

Geo. III. 23° Nvyetnbrh. 59

and immediately, diffused the Blessings of Peace through every Part of Europe. I acquainted you with My firm Resolution, to form My Government on a Plan of ftrid CEconomy. The Reductions necessary for this Purpose shall be completed with all possible Expedition: And although the Army maintained in these Kingdoms will be inferior in Number to that usually kept up in former Times of Peace, yet I trust that the Force proposed, with the Establishmenc of the National Militia, (whose Services I have experienced, and cannot too much commend) will prove a sufficient Security for the future. Gentlemen of the House of Commons, I have seen, with the highest Concern, the great Anticipations of the Revenue, and the heavy Debts unprovided for, during the late War, which have reduced you to the unhappy Necessity of imposing further Burthens on My People. Under these Circumstances, it is My earned With to contribute by every Means to their Relief: The utmost Frugality shall be observed in the Disposition of the Supplies which you have granted; and when the Accounts of the Money, arising from the Sale of such Prizes as are vested in the Crown, shall be closed, it is My Intention to direct, that the Produce shall be applied to the public Service. My Lord si and Gentlemen, The Extension of the Commerce of My Subjects; the Improvement of the Advantages we have obtained; and the Increase of the public Revenue, are the proper Works of Peace. To these important and necessary Objects My Attention shall be directed. I depend upon your constant Care to promote, in your several Counties, that Spirit of Concord, and that Obedience to Law, which is essential to good Order, and to the Happiness of My faithful Subjects. It is your Part to discourage every Attempt of a contrary Tendency; it shall be Mine, firmly to maintain the Honour of My Crown, and to protect the Rights of My People. And the said Solicitor General of our said Sovereign Lord the present King, doth farther, for our said Lord the King, give the Court here to understand and be informed, That John Wilkes, late of the Parish of Saint Margaret, within the Liberty of Westmi in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, most audaciousiy, wickedly, and seditiously, devising and intending to vilify and traduce our said present Sovereign Lord the King, and HisGovernment of this Realm, to impeach and disparage His Veracity and Honour, and to represent, and cause it to be believed amongst His Majesty’s Subjects, that His aforesaid most Gracious Speech contained Fallities and gross Impositions upon the Public; and that our said Lord the King had differed the Honour of His Crown to be funk, debated, and prodituted, and had given His Name as aSanCldon to the most odious Measures of Government; and also most wickedly, unlawfully, and seditiously, deviling; intending, and endeavouring, as far as in him the said John Wilkes lay, to excite Disobedience and Insurrections amongst the Subjects of this Realm, and to violate and disturb the public Tranquillity,.good Order, and Peace of this Kingdom; after the Making and Delivery of the aforesaid Speech of our said Lord the King, (that is to say), on the Second Day of , in the said Third Year of the Reign of our Lord the present King, at Westminster aforesaid, in the said County , of

Middlesex, unlawfully, wickedly, seditiously, and maliciously, publidied, and, caused to be printed and published, a certain malignant, seditious, and scandalous Book and Libel, intituled The North; in one Part whereof, intituled N° XLV, , April the

23, 1763, were then and there contained (amongst other Things) concerning our-said Lord the King, and His aforesaid most Gracious Speech, and His Measures of Government, and also concerning a, certain Act of Parliament then lately made, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry'; and for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way Vot. 32. '!

of' Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Mr. Wilke*. Duties; divers malicious, seditious, and scandalous Matters, (that is to say) in one Part thereof to the Tenor and Effect following; to wit, " The King’s Speech has " always been considered by the Legislature, and by the " Public at large, as the Speech of the Minister. It has " regularly, at the Beginning of every Session of Parliament, been referred by both Houses to the Consideration of a Committee, and has been generally canvassed with the utmost Freedom, when the Minister " of the Crown has been obnoxipus to the Nation. The " Ministers of this free Country, conscious of the undoubted Privileges of so spirited a People, and with the Terrors (of Parliament before their Eyes, have " ever been cautious, no less with Regard to the Matter " than to the Expressions, of Speeches, which they have " advised the Sovereign to make from the Throne, at the Opening of each Session; they well knew that an *c honed House of Parliament, true to their Trust, could " not fail to detestthe fallacious Arts, or to remonstrate " against the daring Acts of Violence, committed by " any Minister. The Speech at the Close of the Session u has ever been considered as the most secure Method " of promulgating the favourite Court Creed among " the Vulgar; because the Parliament, which is the " constitutional Guardian of the Liberties of the Peo- pie, has in this same no Opportunity of remonstrat-c ing, or of impeaching any wicked Servant of the " Crown. This Week has given the Public the most " abandoned instance of ministerial Effrontery ever " attempted to be imposed on Mankind. The Minister’s Speech of last Tuesday," meaning the aforesaid Speech of our said Lord the King, which was made and delivered by His Majesty on Tuesday the 19th Day of April aforesaid, being the Tuesday next preceding the 23d Day of April, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, " is not " to be paralleled in the Annals of this Country. I " am in Doubt, whether the Imposition is greater on the " Sovereign, or on the Nation. Every Friend of his " Country must lament that a Prince of so many great " and amiable Qualities," meaning our said Lord the King, " whom England truly reveres, can be brought to give the Sandion of His sacred Name to the most " odious measures, and to the most unjustifiable public " Declarations from a Throne ever renowned for Truth,

" Honour, and unsullied Virtue. I am sure all Fo- reigners, especially the King of Prussia, will hold the " Minister in Contempt and Abhorrence." He has made our Sovereign declare. My Expedations have been fully answered, by the happy Effects which the several Allies of My Crown have derived from this salutary Measurof the Definitive Treaty; the Powers at War, with My good Brother the - King of Prussia, have been induced to agree to such Terms of Accommodation, as that great Prince has approved; and the Success which has attended My Negociation, has necef-larily and immediately diffused the Blessings of Peace through every Part of Europe. " The infamous Fallacy of this whole Sentence is apparent to all Man-" kind; for it is known, that the King of Prussia did " not barely approve, but absolutely dictated, as Conqueror, every Article of the Terms of Peace.*’ And in another Part thereof, to the Tenor and Effect following; (that is to say,) " The Preliminary Articles of " Peace were such as have drawn the Contempt of " Mankind on our wretched Negociators. All our most " valuable Conquests were agreed to be restored, and " the East India Company would have been infallibly " ruined by a Angle Article of this fallacious and baneful Negociation. No Hireling of the Minister has " been hardy enough to dispute this; yet the Minister " himself has made our Sovereign declare, the Satisfaction which He felt at the approaching Re-establishment of Peace, upon Conditions so honourable to His.

" Crown, and so beneficial to His People. As to the

" intire

Mr. Wilkes:

6 o 'i3 Novembr. . 1768.

" intire Approbation of Parliament, which is so vainly " boasted of, the World knows hoW that was obtained." And in, another Part thereof, to the Tenor and Effect following; (that is to say,) " The Minister cannot forbear, " even in the King’s Speech," meaning in the aforesaid Speech of our said Lord the King, " insulting us with 44 a dull Repetition of the Word CEconomy. I did not " expect so soon to have seen that Word again, after it " had been so lately exploded, and more than Once, by " a most numerous Audience, biffed off the Stage of " our English Theatres. It is held in Derision by the " Voice of the People, and every Tongue loudly proclaims the universal Contempt in which thele empty " Professions" meaning the Professions of our said Lord the King, in His Speech aforesaid, with respect to CEco--nomy, " are held by this Nation. Let the Public be " informed of a Angle Instance of CEconomy," meaning in the Conduct of His said Majesty’s Government of this Realm, " except indeed in the Houshold." And in another.Part thereof, according to the Tenor and Effect following; (that is to say,) " In vain will such a Minister, or the foul Dregs of his Power, the Tools of " Corruption and Despotism, preach up in the Speech," meaning the aforesaid Speech of our said Lord the King, " that Spirit of Concord, and that Obedience to " the Laws, which is essential to good Order; they " have sent the Spirit of Discord through the Land, " and I will prophecy, that it will never be extinguished, " but by the Extindtion of their Power. Is the Spirit " of Concord to go Hand in Hand with the Peace and " Excise thro* this Nation ? Is it to be expected be- tween an insolent Exciseman and a Peer, Gentleman^ " Freeholder, or Farmer, whose private Houses are now made liable to be entered and searched at Pleasure ? " Cloucejlershire, Herefordshire, and in general all the

‘‘ Cyder Counties, are not surely the fefveral Counties " which are alluded to in the Speech," meaning (till the said Speech of our said Lord the King. 44 The Spirit of " Concord hath not gone forth among them; but the Spirit of Liberty has, and a noble Opposition has been given to the wicked Instruments of Oppression," meaning the Officers of Excise employed in the Execution of the aforesaid Act of Parliament. 44 A Nation " as sensibleas the English will fee that a Spirit of Concord, when they are oppressed, means a tame Sub- million to Injury; and that a Spirit of Liberty ought " then to arise, and I-am fore ever will, in proportion to the Weight of the Grievance they feel. Every " legal Attempt of a contrary Tendency to the Spirit " of Concord will be deemed a justifiable Resistance, " warranted by the Spirit of the English Constitution. " A despotic Minister will always endeavour to dazzle " his Prince with high-flown Ideas of the Prerogative and Honour of the Crown, which the Minister will " make a Parade of firmly maintaining. I wish, as " much as any Man in the Kingdom, to see the Honour of the Crown" meaning His said Majesty’s Crown of this Realm, 44maintained in a Manner truly 4t becoming Royalty. I lament to fee it" meaning the Honour of His said Majesty’s Crown, funk even so Prostitution." And in another Part thereof, according to the Tenor and Effect following; (that is to say,) 44Tne King of England is only the first Magistrate of " this Country; but is inverted by Law with the whole " executive Power. He is, however, responsible for the due Execution of the Royal Fundtions, in the " Choice of Ministers, i£c. equally with the meanest of " His Subjects in his particular Duty;" in Derogation of the Honour and Dignity of our said Sovereign Lord the present King; to the enormous Scandal and Abuse of His said present Majesty, and His Government of this Realm; to the great Disturbance of the public Peace, good Order, and Tranquillity of this Kingdom; in Contempt of our fi.id Lord the King and His Laws; to the evil and dangerous Example of all others in the like same offending; and against the Peace of our laid Sovereign Lord the present King, His Crown and Dig-

nity. And the said Solicitor General of our said . Lord the King doth further, for our said Lord the 2 ! King, give the Court here to understand and be informed. That the aforesaid John Wilkes again most audacioully, wickedly, and seditiously devising, intending, and endeavouring to vilify and traduce our said present Sovereign Lord the King, and His Government of this Realm, to impeach, disparage, and defame His Veracity and Honour, and to represent, and cause it to be generally believed among the Subjects of this Realm, that our said Lord the King had suffered the Honour of His Crown to be funk and debased, and had prostituted His Name, in order to give a San&ion to the most odious Measures, and to the most unjustifiable Declarations from His Throne. And also, most wickedly and seditioully devising and intending to excite, amongst the Subjects of tl)is Realm, a general Discontent and Dif-affection to His Majesty’s Government, and a Spirit of Disobedience to the Laws of this Realm, and maliciously to violate and disturb the public Peace, good Order, and Tranquillity of this Kingdom, after the Making and Delivery of the aforesaid Speech of our said Lord the King; (that is to say,) on the Second Day of August aforesaid, in the said Third Year of the Reign of our said Sovereign Lord the present King, at Westminster aforesaid, in the said County of , unlaw-

fully, wickedly, and seditiously published, and caused to be printed and published, a certain other malignant, seditious, and scandalous Libel, intituled N° XLV.

Saturday, April 23d, 1763. In which said last mentioned Libel, were then and there contained, concerning our said Lord the King, and His aforesaid most Gracious Speech, divers other malicious, seditious, and scandalous Matters; (that is to say,) in one Part thereof to the Tenor and Effect following; to wit, " This Week has 44given the Public the most abandoned Instance of niinifterial Effrontery ever attempted to be imposed on Mankind. The Minister's Speech of last Tuesday" meaning the aforesaid Speech of our said Lord the King, which was made and delivered by His Majesty on Tuesday the Nineteenth Day of April aforesaid, being the Tuesday next preceding the Twenty-third Day of April, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, 44is not to be paralleled in the Annals of this Country. 1 am in Doubt, whether the " Imposition is greater on the Sovereign, or on the Nation. Every Friend to his Country mult lament, that " a Prince of so many great and amiable Qualities," meaning our said Lord the King, whom England truly " reveres, can be brought to give the Sanction of His " sacred Name to the most odious Measures, and to the " most unjustifiable public Declarations from a Throne, " ever renowned for Truth, Honour, and unsullied " Virtue." And in another Part of the said last mentioned Libel, to the Tenor and Effect following; (that is to say,) 44The Minister cannot forbear, even in the King’s Speech, insulting us with a dull Repetition of 44the Word CEconomy. I did not expect so soon to have seen that Word again, after it had been so lately1 44exploded, and more than Once, by a most numerous " Audience, hissed off the Stage of our English Theatres. " It is held in Derision by the Voice of the People, " and every Tongue loudly proclaims the universal " Contempt, in which these empty Professions are held " by this Nation. Let the Public be informed of a " Angle Instance of (Economy, except indeed in the " Houshold." And in another Part of the said last mentioned Libel, to the Tenor and Effect following; (that is to say,) "In vain will such a Minister, or the " foul Dregs of his Power, the Tools of Corruption and " Despotism, preach up in the Speech that Spirit of Concord, and that Obedience to the Laws, which is essential to good Order. They have sent the Spirit " of Discord through the Land, and I will pro-tl phecy, that it will never be extinguished, but by the " Extindtion of their Power. Is the Spirit of Concord to go Hand in Hand with the Peace and Excise thro’

44 this

Geo. III.

230 Novembris.

61

" this Nation ? Is it to be cxpe&ed between an insolent Exciseman, and a Peer, Gentleman, Freeholder, or Farmer, whose private Houses are now made liable " to be entered and searched at Pleasure ?

" Herefordshire, and in general all the Cyder Counties,

" are not surely the ioveral Counties which are alluded to in the Speech," meaning the aforesaid Speech of oqr said Lord the King. " The Spirit of Concord hath " not gone forth among them; but the Spirit of Liberty " has, and a noble Opposition has been given to the " wicked Instruments of Oppression. A Nation as " sensible as the Englishwill fee that a Spirit of Concord, when they are oppressed, means a tame Sub- million to Injury, and that a Spirit of Liberty ought then to atife, and I am sure ever will, in proportion to the Weight of the Grievance they feel. Every legal Attempt, of a contrary Tendency to the Spirit of Concord, will be deemed a justifiable Resistance, warranted by the Spirit of the English Constitution. A despotic Minister will always endeavour to dazzle " his Prince with high-flown Ideas of the Prerogative and Honour of the Crown, which the Minister will make a Parade of firmly maintaining. I wish as much as any Man in the Kingdom to see the Honour " of the Crown," meaning his said Majesty’s Crown of this Realm, <( maintained in a Manner truly becoming Royalty. I lament to fee it funk even to Prostitution." And in another Part of the said last mentioned Libel, to the Tenor and Effect following; (that is to say,) The King of England is only the first Magistrate of w this Country; but is invested by Law with the whole " executive Power. He is, however, responsible to His People for the due Execution of the Royal Functions, in the Choice of Ministers, equally with the " meanest of His Subjects in his particular Duty." To the great Scandal and Abuse of our said Lord the King and His Government of this Realm; in Contempt of His said present Majesty and His Laws; to the evil and dangerous Example of all others in the like same offeqding, and against the Peace of our said Lord the King, His Crown and Dignity. Whereupon the said Solicitor General of our said Lord the King, on Behalf of our said Lord the King, prayeth the Consideration of the Court here upon the Premises; and that due Process of Law may be awarded against the said John to compel him to answer to'oursaid Lord the King, concerning the Premises aforesaid. Wherefore the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex was commanded, that he should not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he should cause hied to come to answer to our said Lord the King, touching and concerning the Premises aforesaid. And now, (that is to say,) on Monday next after the Odtave of Saint Hilary in this same Term, before our said Lord the King, at,

cometh the said John Wilkes by William Hughes his Attorney, and having heard the said Information read, he faith, that he is not guilty thereof; and hereupon he putteth himself upon the Country; and the said Sir Fletcher Norton, who for our said Lord die King in this Behalf prosecuteth, doth the like: Therefore, let a Jury thereupon come before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on Monday next after the Odtave of the

Purification of the Bteffed Viigin , by whom the Truth of the Matter may be better known, and who then be not of the Kindred of the said John to try, upon their Oath, if the said John Wilkes be guilty of the Premises aforesaid, or not; because, as well the said Sir Fletcher Norton, who, for pur laid Lord the King, in this Behalf prosecuteth, as the said John Wilkes, have thereupon put themselves upon the said Jury; the same Day is given, as well to the said Sir Fletcher Norton, who, for our said Lord the King, irt this Behalf prosecuteth, as to the said John Wilkes-, on which Day, (to wit,) on Monday next after the Odtave of the Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary aforesaid, before our said Lord the King, at Vol. xx.

come as well the said Sir Fletcher , who, for our Mr. Wilke*,

said Lord the King, in this Behalf prosecuteth, as the said John Wilkes by his Attorney aforesaid. And the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex returned the Names of Twelve Jurors, none of whom come to try in Form aforesaid; therefore, the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he distrain them by all their Lands and Chattels ia his Bailiwick, so that neither they, nor any one for them, do put their Hands to the fame, until he shall have another Command from our said Lord the king, fot that Purgofe: And that he answer to our said Lord the King for the Issues thereof, so that he may have their Bodies before our said Lord the King, at on Wednesday next after Fifteen Days from the Fcaft Day of Easier, or before the Right trusty and well beloved of our said Lord the King, William Lord Mansfield. Chief Justice of our said Lord the King, assigned to hold Pleas before the King Himself, if he shall come before that Time; (that is to say,) on Tuesday next after the End of the Term at Westminsterin the County of Middlesex, in the great Hall of Pleas, there, actording to the Form of the Statute in such same made and provided, to try upon their Oath, if the said John Wilkes be guilty of the Premises aforesaid, or not, in Default of the Jurors aforesaid, who came not to try in Form aforesaid; therefore, let the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex have the Bodies of the same Jurors, accordingly to try in Form aforesaid; the same Day is given as well to the said Sir Fletcher Norton, who, for our said Lord the King, in this Behalf prosecuteth, as to the said John Wilkes; on which Day, (to wit,) on Wednesday next after Fifteen Days from the Feast Day of Easier aforesaid, before out said Lord the King at come as well the said Sir Fletcher , who for our

said Lord the King, in this Behalf prosecuteth, as the said John Wilkes by his Attorney aforesaid, and the aforesaid Chief Justice, before whom the said Jurors came to try in Form aforesaid, sent here his Record had before him in these Words; (that is to say,) Afterwards on the Day, and at the Place within mentioned, before the within named William Lord Ma, Chief Justice of our said Lord the King, assigned to hold Pleas before the King Himself, John Way, Gentleman, being affo-ciated to the said Chief Justice, according to the Form of the Statute in such same made and provided, come as well the within named Sir Fletcher Norton, who prosecuteth for our said Lord the King in this Behalf, as the within named John Wilkes, by his Attorney within mentioned. And the Jurors of the Jury within mentioned being called over; (to wit,) George , Esquire,

Charles Boucher, Esquire, Winthorp , Esquire;

Edward Lovibond, Esquire, Peter Le Keux, Esquire, Ltf-ter Selman, Esquire, John Smart, Esquire, George Stevens,

Esquire, Lynnell Leads, Esquire, Hugh Roberts, Esqtiire,

George Garnet, Esquire, and Samuel Hawkins, Esquire, come, and are sworn upon the said Jury; whereupon public Proclamation is made here in Court for our said Lord the King, as the Custom is, that if there be any one who will inform the aforesaid Chief Justice, tbd King’s Serjeant at Law, the King’s Attorney General; or the Jurors of the Jury aforesaid, concerning the Matters within contained, he should come forth and he should be heard. And hereupon the within named Si Fletcher Norton offereth himself, on the Behalf of our >

said Lord the King, to do this; whereupon the Court here proceedeth to the taking of the Inquest aforesaid, by the Jurors aforesaid, now here appearing for the Purpose aforesaid1, who being chosen, tried', and fworn1 to speak the Truth, touching and concerning the Matters within contained, say upon their Oath, that the said John Wilkes is guilty of the Premises in the Information within specified, and charged upon him in Manner and Form as in and by the said Information is withi» aHedged against him; whereupon, all and singular the R Premises

Wilke*.

62 23® Novembris. A. 1768.

Premises being seen and fully understood by the Court Let kim here, it is considered and adjudged by the said

be taken. Court here, that he the said John be

taken, and so forth: Therefore the Sheriff of sex is commanded, by the Writ of our said Lord the King, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick,' but that he take the said Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on Monday next after the Morrow of the Ascension of our Lord, to satisfy our said Lord the King for his Redemption, on Account of the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached as aforesaid, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John he is convicted

as aforesaid. On which said Monday next after the Morrow of the Ascension of our Lord, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, the honourable 'Thomas Harley, and Samuel Turner, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Middlesex aforesaid, returned the said Writ as follows; (to wit,) The within-named John Wilkes is not found in my Bailiwick. The Answer of the honourable Thomas Harley, and Samuel Turner, Esquire, Sheriff. Therefore, as before, the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said John ,if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body safe before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on Friday next after the Morrow of the

Holy Trinity, to satisfy our said Lord the King for his Redemption, on Account of the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached as aforesaid, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said Friday next after the Morrow of the Holy Trinity, before our laid Lord the King, at the honourable

Thomas Harley, and Samuel T, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Middlesex aforesaid, returned the said last mentioned Writ as follows; (to wit,) The within-named John Wilkes 'is not found in my Bailiwick. The Answer of the honourable Thomas Harley, and Samuel Turner, Esquire, Sheriff. Whereupon, by another Writ of our said Lord the King, the said Sheriffof Middlesex is commanded that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said John Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at minster on Tuesday next after the Morrow of All Souls, to

satisfy our said Lord the King for his Redemption, on Account of the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors as aforesaid, whereof he is impeached as aforesaid, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid; and if he cannot find the said John Wilkes in his Bailiwick, that then he cause public Proclamation to be made in the open County Court in his County, and at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in his County, and at the Door of the Parish Church where the said John Wilkes is an Inhabitant, That he be before our said Lord the King at the aforesaid Day, to satisfy our said Lord the King concerning the Premises aforesaid; and that the said Sheriff then have there that Writ: And also at the same Time, by another Writ of our said Lord the King, the Sheriff of Middlesex is like-wife commanded, that he cause to be exacted the said John Wilkes from County Court to County Court, until he shall be outlawed, according to the Law and Custom of England, if he shall not appear; and if he shall appear, that then he take him» and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on the said Tuesday next after the Morrow of All Souls, to satisfy our said Lord the King for his Redemption, on Account of the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached as

aforesaid and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid. On which laid Tuesday next after the Morrow of All Souls, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, Thomas Harris, Esquire, and Brass Crosby, Esquire, then Sheriff of Middlesex, returned the aforesaid Writ of Capias cum -

tione, executed and endorsed as follows; (to wit,) The within-named John Wilkes is not found within my Baili-. wick: And, by virtue of this Writ to me directed, I have caused public Proclamation to be made, in Manner and Form as I am within commanded. The Answer of the honourable Thomas Harley,'and Samuel Turner, Esquire, Sheriff. This Writ, as it is above endorsed, was delivered to me, the under-named present Sheriff, by the above-named Thomas Harley and Samuel Turner, the late Sheriff, at the time of his going out of his Office. The Answer of Thomas Harris, Esquire, and Brass Crosby, Esquire, Sheriff. And on the same Tuesday next after the Morrow of All Souls, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, the aforesaid Thomas Harris, Esquire, and Brass Crosby, Esquire, then Sheriff of Middlesex as aforesaid, returned the aforesaid Writ of Exigent, executed and endorsed as follows; (to wit,) By virtue of this Writ to me directed, at my County Court, held at the House known by the Sign of the Three Tuns in Brook-Street, near Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, the Twelfth Day of July, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of our present Sovereign Lord George the Third, now King of Great Britain, &c. the within-named John Wilkes was the First Time exacted, and did not appear; at my County Court, held at the same Place, the Ninth Day of in the

Year aforesaid, the said John Wilkes was a Second Time exacted, and did not appear; and at my County Court, held at the same Place, the Sixth Day of September in the Year aforesaid, the said John Wilkes was a Third Time exacted, and did not appear. The Answer of the honourable Thomas Harley, and Samuel Turner, Esquire, Sheriff. This Writ, as it is above endorsed, was delivered to me, the under-named present Sheriff, by the above-named late Sheriff, at the Time of his going out of his Office; and at my County Court, held at the House known by the Sign of the Three Tuns, in Brook-Street aforesaid, the Fourth Day of October, in the said Fourth Year of the Reign of our said present Sovereign Lord the King, the said John Wilkes, within-named, was a Fourth Time exacted, and did not appear; and at my County Court, held at the same Place, the First Day of November, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of our said Lord the present King, the said John Wilkes was a Fifth Time exacted, and did not appear: Therefore, by the Judgment of Edward Umfreville, Esquire, and Thomas Gentleman, His Majesty’s Coroners of the said County of Middlesex, the said John Wilkes, according to the Law and Custom of this Realm, is outlawed. The Answer. of Thomas Harris, Esquire, and Brass Crosby, Esquire, Sheriff. Therefore the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but 'that he take the said John Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on Wednesday next after the Odave of Saint Hilary, to Hand right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said Wednesday next after the Odave of Saint Hilary, before our Lord the King at Westminster, the Sheriff of Middlesex hath not lent the said last mentioned Writ, so issued as aforesaid, nor done any Thing thereupon: Therefore, as before, the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said John Wilkes, .

9 Geo. III. 23 0 Novembr63

if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on Wed next after Fifteen Days from the-.Feast Day of , to stand right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Him-self, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the TrespalTes, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country’ taken between our said Lord the King and the said he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said next after

Fifteen Days from the Feast Day of Easter, before our said Lord the King, at Westminsterhe Sheriff of dlesex hath not sent the said last mentioned Writ, so issued as aforesaid, nor done any Thing thereupon: Therefore, as before, the Sheriff of is commanded,

that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said John Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him iafely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on Friday next after the Morrow of the

Holy ‘trinity, to stand right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said Friday next after the Morrow of the Holy Trinity, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, the Sheriff of Middlesex hath not sent the said last mentioned Writ, so issued as aforesaid, nor done any Thing thereupon: Therefore, as before, the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that be take the said John Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminsteron Wednesday next after the Morrow ot All Souls, to stand right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the TrespalTes, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said Wednesday next after the Morrow of All Souls, before our laid Lord the King, at Westminster, the Sheriff of Middlesex hath not sent the said last mentioned Writ, so issued as aforesaid, nor done any Thing thereupon: Therefore, as before, the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear, by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said John Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our Lord the King, at Westminster, on Thursday next after the OCtave of Saint Hilary, to stand right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said Thursday next after the OCtave of* Saint Hilaryibefore our said Lord the King, at Westminster,

the Sheriff of Middlesex hath not sent the said last mentioned Writ, so issued as aforesaid, nor done any Thing thereupon: Therefore/is before, the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said John Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on Wednesday next after Fifteen Days from the Feast Day of Easter, to stand right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, on the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors afore-Vot. 32.

said, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by & Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said Wednesday next after Fifteen Days from the Feast Day of Easter, before our said Lord the King, at Weslmvfler, the Sheriff of Middlesex hath not

sent the said last mentioned Writ, so issued as aforesaid, nor done any Thing thereupon: Therefore, as before, the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said John Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on Friday next after the Morrow of the Holy Trinity, -to stand right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken . between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid. On which fai next

after the Morrow of the Holy Trinity, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, the Sheriff of Middlesex hath not font the said last mentioned Writ, so issued as aforesaid, nor done any Thing thereupon: Therefore, as before, the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said John Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that be may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on Thursday next after the Morrow of All

to stand right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors whereof be is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said Thursday next after the Morrow of All Souls, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, the Sheriff of Middlesex hath not sent the said last mentioned Writ, so issued as aforesaid, nor done any Thing thereupon: Therefore, as before, the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said John Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on Friday next after the OCtave of Saint Hilary, to stand right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said Friday next after the OCtave of Saint Hilary, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, the Sheriff of Middlesex hath not sent the said last mentioned Writ, so if-, sued as aforesaid, nor done any Thing thereupon: Therefore, as before, the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said John Wilkes, if he dial] be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on Wednesday next after Fifteen Days from the Feast Day of Easter, to stand right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King himself, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said W'.dnesday next after Fifteen Days from the Feast Day of Easter, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, the Sheriff of Middlesex hath not sent the said last mentioned Writ, so, issued as aforesaid,

nor

Wilke*.

64

230 Novembris.

A. 1768.

Wilkes, nor done any Thing thereupon: Therefore, as before, the Sheriff'of Middlesexis commanded, that he do not

forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said John Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at on Friday next after the Morrow of the Holy , to

(land right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John , he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said Friday next after the Morrow of the Holy Trinity, before our said Lord the King, at Westminst, the Sheriff of hath not sent the said last mentioned Writ, so issued as aforesaid, nor done any Thing thereupon: Therefore, as before, the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said John Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on Friday next after the Morrow of All Souls, to stand right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is cohvicted as aforesaid. On which said next

after the Morrdw of All Souls, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, the Sheriff of Middlesex hath not sent the said last mentioned Writ, so issued as aforesaid, nor done any Thing thereupon. Therefore, as before, the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he tyke the said John Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at West-miiifter, on Saturday next after the Odlave of Saint Hilary, to stand right in the Court of our said Lord the King,' before the King Himself, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said Saturday next after the Odlave of Saint Hilary, before our said Lord the King, at Westtnitijler, the Sheriff of Middlesex hath not sent the said last mentioned Writ, so issued as aforesaid, nor done any Thing thereupon: Therefore, as before, the Sheriff of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he take the said Wilkes, if he shall be found in his Bailiwick, and him safely keep, so that he’may have his Body before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, on next after

Three Weeks from the Feast Day of Easter, to stand right in the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, upon the Outlawry aforesaid, so pronounced as aforesaid, concerning the Trespasses, Contempts, and Misdemeanors aforesaid, whereof he is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid. On which said Wednesday next after Three Weeks from the Feast; Day of Easter, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, comes the said John Wilkes, in his proper Person, being brought here into the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, under the Custody of the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, by virtue of the said last mentioned Writ; and the said John Wilkes, upon the Prayer of William De Grey, Esquire, now Attorney General of our said Lord the King, who now prosecutes for our said Lord the King in this Behalf, present here

- W

in Court, is committed by the Court here to the Custody of the Marftial of the Marjkt iof our said Lord the King, before the King Himself, to be by him h«?pt in safe Custody, until, c Be.And the said John Wilkes, now here in Court, prayeth Oyer of the Record and Process aforesaid, and they are read to him j which being read and heard, the said John Wilkes produceth here in Court a certain Writ of our said Lord the King, to His Justices here directed; which said Writ followeth, in these Words; (that is to say.) George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, To Our Justices appointed to hold Pleas before us, Greeting. For as much as in the Record and Process, as also in the Publication of an Outlawry, against John Wilkes, late of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, on a certain Information against the said John Wilkes, for printing and publishing a certain Book and Libel, intituled. The North Briton; and a certain other Libel, intituled, N° XLV. Saturday, April the 23d, 1763; whereof the said John Wilkes is impeached, and thereupon, by a Jury of the Country, is convicted; as it is said manifest Error hath intervened, to the great Damage of the said John Wilkes, as by his Complaint We are informed; We, willing that the said Error, if any be, be duly amended, and full and speedy Justice done to the said John Wilkes in this Behalf, do command you, that, if the said Outlawry be returned before Us, as hath been said, then inspeding the said Record and Process, you cause further to be done therein, for annulling the said Outlawry, as of Right, and according to the Law and Custom of England, shall be meet to be done. Witness Ourself at Westminster, the Twenty-seventh Day of April, in the Eighth Year of Our Reign*. And hereupon the said John Wilkes fays, that in the Record and Process aforesaid, and also in the Publication of the aforesaid Outlawry, there is manifest Error in this, that there is no sufficient Information filed or exhibited against the said John IVilkes, whereon to ground the Process of the Outlawry aforesaid, by reason whereof the said Outlawry is void, and of no Effefl or Force whatsoever. There is also Error in this, that no public Proclamation whatsoever is mentioned to have been made at any open County Court, or at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace whatsoever, or at the Door of any Parish Church where the said John Wilkes was an Inhabitant, according to the Exigency of the said Writ of Capias cum Proclamation; therefore in that there is manifest Error. There is also Error in this, that it is not shewn, nor does it appear, by the Return of the Sheriff of Middlesex, that the Sheriff of Middlesex did cause to be exacted the said John Wilkes, in the said County of Middlesex, from County Court to County Court, until he was outlawed according to the Law and Custom of , as the said She-

riff by the said Writ of Exigent is commanded: and that it is not shewn, nor does it appear, by the Return of the Sheriff of Middlesex, that the said John Wilkes was a First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Time exadled at the County Court of the County of Middlesex, as by the Law of the Land he ought to have been before he was outlawed , therefore in that there is manifest Error. There is also Error in this, that in the Record and Process aforesaid, and in the Publication of the Outlawry aforesaid, it is no-where expressly shewn, that the Place called Brook Street, (if any such there be,) where the several County Courts are supposed to have been held, at which the said John Wilkes is said to have been exacted, is in the County of Middlesex, or in anyr and what other County; therefore, in that there is manifest Error. There is also Error in this, that it does not appear that any Judgment of Outlawry was given or pronounced against the said John Wilkes, or, if any such Judgment was given or pronounced, in what Form the same was so given or pronounced, as it ought to have done, in order that the Legality and Propriety of the said Judgment might have been seen and examined; but

in

9 Geo. III. 23* Kovemb. 6$

Mr. Wilkes, in the Record and Process aforesaid, and in the Publication of the Outlawry aforesaid, Reference and Relation only are had to forae Judgment not shewn or expressed, but supposed to have been before given, against the said John Wilkes i therefore in that there is manifest

Error. Wherefore the said John Wilkes prays. That the Outlawry aforesaid, for the Errors aforesaid, and other Errors appearing in the Record and Process aforesaid, may be reversed and held for nothing, and that he may be restored to the Common Law, and to all which he hath loft by occasion of the Outlawry aforesaid,

And the said William De , Esquire, now Attorney General of our present Sovereign Lord the King, present here in Court in his proper Person, having heard the Matters aforesaid above assigned for Error, for our said Lord the King, faith, that neither in the Record and Process aforesaid, nor in the Publication of the aforesaid Outlawry, is there any Error; and he prays, that the Court of our said Lord the King, now here, may proceed to the Examination, as well of the Record and Process aforesaid, as of the Matters aforesaid above assigned for Error, and that the Outlawry aforesaid may in all Things be affirmed. And, because the Court of our said Lord the King, now here, is not as yet advised about giving their Judgment of and concerning the Premises, a Day is therefore given, as well to the said William De Grey, Esquire, who prosecutes, as to the said John Wilkes, under the Custody of the Marshal aforesaid, until on Wednesday next after the Octave of the Holy Trinity, before our Lord the King, at Westminster, (the said John Wilkes to be kept in safe Custody, under the Custody of the said Marshal, in the mean Time) to hear their Judgment thereupon; because the Court of our said Lord the King, now here, is not as yet advised thereupon. At which Day, to wit, on the said Wednesday next after the OCtave of the Holy 'Trinity, before our said Lord the King, at , comes as well

the said William De Grey, Esquire, who prosecutes, &c. as the said John Wilkes in his proper Person, under the Custody of the said Martha), being brought here into Court by virtue of a Rule of the said Court in that Behalf; whereupon all and singular the Premises being seen, and by the Court here fully understood, it is con-lidered by the Court here, that the Outlawry aforesaid, for the Errors aforesaid, and other Errors appearing in the Record and Process aforesaid, be reversed, annulled, and held for nothing; and that he the said John Wilkes, be restored to the Common Law of England, and to all that he has loft by occasion of the Outlawry aforesaid; and as to the Outlawry aforesaid, that he depart hence without Day. And hereupon the said William De Grey, who prosecutes, isle, prayeth Judgment for our said Lord the King against the said John Wilkes, of and upon the Premises whereof he is impeached, and, by a Jury of the Country taken between our said Lord the King and the said John Wilkes, he is convicted as aforesaid; but because the Court of our said Lord the King, now here, is not as yet advised about giving their Judgment of and upon the Premises aforesaid, whereof he the said John Wilkes is impeached and convicted as afore-, laid, a Day is therefore given, as well to the said William De Grey, who prosecutes, tsV. as to the said John Wilkes, in the State in which now, i£c. under the Custody of the said Marshal, until on Saturday next after Fifteen Days from the Day of the Holy Trinity, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, (the said John Wilkes to be kept in safe Custody, under the Custody of the said Marshal, in the mean Time) to hear their Judgment thereupon; because the Court of our said Lord the King, now here, is not as yet advised thereupon. At which Day, to wit, on Saturday next after Fifteen Days from the Day of the Holy Trinity, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, comes as well the said William De Grey, who prosecutes, &c, as the said John Wilkes, under the Custtxly of the said Marshal, being brought here into Court by virtue of a Rule of the said Court in that Behalf. Whereupon all and fin-Vot. 32.

gular the Premises being seen, and by the Court here fully understood, it is considered by the Court here, that the said John Wilkes, for his Offences aforesaid, do pay a Fine to our Sovereign Lord the King of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and that he the said John Wilkes be imprisoned in the Custody of the aforesaid Marshal, for the Space of Ten Calendar Months now next ensuing; and the said John Wilkes present here in Court, is committed by the Court here to the Custody of the aforesaid Marshal, to be by him kept in safe Custody, in Execution of the Judgment aforesaid, and until he shall have paid the said Fine.

Nov. 22, 1768.

Examined with the original Roll.

Bev.

Clerk of the King’s Bench Treasury.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journals of the House, of 23d and 24th Days of,

and the First Day of December 1763, of the Proceedings of the House, upon the Question, " That Privilege of Parliament does not extend to the same of " Writing and Publishing Seditious Libels, nor ought " to be allowed to obstruct the ordinary Course of the " Laws, in the speedy and effectual Prosecution of so heinous and dangerous an Offence," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then Part of the Copy of the said Record of the Proceedings, on an Information in the Court of King’s Bench, against John Wilkes, Esquire, for Blasphemy, was read.

The House haying, upon the 3d Day of,

ordered the Clerk of this House to destroy the said Copy, the same is not entered in the Journal. 1

The House was moved, that the Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon Monday the 14th Day of this Infant November, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition, and of the Proceedings against John Wilkes, Esquire, in the Court of King’s Bench, Copies of which, have been this Day, presented to the House, be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Friday the 2d Day of December next.

Ordered, That, a Copy of the said Order be sent to the said John Wilkes, Esquire.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Riot* in ' That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, London, that He will be gracio, ully pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Applications from the Civil Magistrates to the War Office for Troops, all Orders and Letters to the Troops employed, or to the Officers commanding them: And also.

Copies of the different Reports made to the War Office from such Officers, during the Riots in the Month of May last;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read j Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroyr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

St. Martin Le Grand. Paving, &c.

Buckingham,

&c.

Road.

Mcrcworth,

&c.

Roads;

Dufaur’s

Nat.

66 24° Novembr. 1768.

yoviSj 2 40 Novembris;

Anno 9° Georgii III'" Regis, 1768.

Praybrs.

MR. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Inhabitants of Saint Marlin Le Grand, in the County of , was referred,

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Wyatt, being examined, laid, That the Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand is not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and is subject to Obstructions, and other Annoyances.

That, if the said Liberty was properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and all Obstructions and Annoyances removed, it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and to all Persons having Estates and Property therein, and be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; And that Mr. Sandys, Mr. , Sir Charles worth, and Earl Percy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees, for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to , in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, Part of which now remains unpaid, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee; And that theydo examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Sackville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Mereworth Croft through West Peckham, Shipbourne, Igtham, and Wrotha, to the Road leading from Seal to Wrotham Heath; and also the Road leading from the House of William , Esquire, to the

Road at the West End of Hadlow , in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Dufaur, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing George Madrass: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Thomas Hall, Clerk, Patron, and also Vicar of Shaxton, otherwise Shackfton, otherwise Sh'ackerftonin the County of Leicester, and also Impropriator of the Great Tithes arising in the said Parish, and others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in certain Open and Common Fields, in the said Parish.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Shaxton, otherwise Shackfton, otherwise , in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and other Inhabitants, residing near or contiguous to the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road, that leads from -thorp, to Holywell, in Flintshire, being the old Post Road from Chester to Denbigh and Holyhead; as also the Road, branching out of the said last mentioned Road, to the Town of Mold, in the said County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Roads are, in several Places, overflowed with Water, in other Places narrow, incommodious, and in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept ia Repair, by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the ‘fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr.

ham Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, and other Inhabitants, residing near or contiguous to the Road leading from the Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, in the Parish of Holywell, in the County of Flint, to the North Limits of the Township of Mostyn, in the Parish of Whilford, in the said County, and from thence to Henllan, in the County of Denbigh, as also from Lanerch ymore by Downing, to the Turnpike Road

called Pen y Fordd Wain, in the Parish of Whitford aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Roads are frequently overflowed, and are very narrow, and in a ruinous State, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

S

Madrafi*

Nil

Shaxton

Iadoforc*

Denbigh,

he.

Roads*

Green field* &c* Road*

9 Geo. III. 240 Novembris.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Roger , Mr.

ham Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Taunton Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom Market- the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants and Gentlemen in the Neighbourhood of the Town of Taunton, in the County of ,whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Webby Esquire, laid, That if the Powers of the Bill, ordered to be brought into the House for erecting a Market-house, and holding a Market in the Town of Taunton, in the County of , and for the preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town, were extended, so as to include the whole Space of Ground called the Island and in the said

Town of Taunton, and to the taking flown the present Guildhall, and all other Buildings now (landing on the said Island and Cornhillj and to the erecting of a new Guildhall, and such other commodious Buildings as shall be found necessary and convenient, it would be a general Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Country surrounding it.

That Disorders and Irregularities are frequently committed in the Night-time in the , the High

Street, the North Street, and the Fore Street, in the said

Town, which he apprehends might, in a great measure, be prevented, if the said Streets were properly lighted.

That the Passage from the said Cornhill to Nurton Bridge, is greatly obllru&ed by Two old ruinous Houses, which (land between Groping Lane and Horse Lane j and that it would be a general Convenience to the Public if the said Houses were takfch down, and the Scite or Ground whereon they now (land was made Part of the public Highway. But he apprehended the aforesaid Purposes could not be done without the Aid of Parliament- ’

Mr. James Toy confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for erecting a Market-house, and holding a Market, in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and for preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town j that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the holding of the said Market upon the whole Space of Ground called the Island and Cornhill, in the said Town; for the taking down the present Guildhall, and all other Buildings, now (landing on the said Island and Cornhill, and for providing a new Guildhall, and such other commodious Houses and Buildings as shall be necessary and convenient; for the lighting the East the High Street, the North Street, and the Fore Street, in the said Town j and for the taking down Two Houses Handing between Groping Lane and Horse Lane, to render the Passage from the said Cornhill to Nurton Bridge more commodious.

New Mr. Tonfon reported from the Committee, to whom Street*1" Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish and Borough

of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition > and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 32.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Norton and Mr. Thomas Poppleton being severally examined, said, That the Streets and Lanes within the said Borough and Parish, are, for want of being properly repaired, paved, cleansed, and lighted, become dangerous as well to the Inhabitants, as others passing thereon; that there are several Nuisances and Incroachments in the said Streets and Lanes, to the great Detriment and Inconvenience of the Inhabitants.

That it would be of great Benefit to the said Inhabitants, and to the Public, if the said Streets and Lanes were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and a nightly Watch appointed, and a Power granted to remove the present Nuisances and Incroachments, and to prevent the like for the future; but that the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Parish and Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Tonfon and Mr. Dodd do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had Tamworth received a Letter from William De Esquire, who Writ, is by Illness prevented from attending the House; that he, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall, makes his Election to serve for the Borough of Newport.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the CroWn, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, in the1 room of the said William De Grey, Esquire.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Way* and from the Committee of the whole House, to-whom it Mean*, was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Muni, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the 8th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have continuance to the 24th Day of June 1769,' be farther, continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Muni which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, Within the Kingdom ol Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1769 to the 24th Day of June 1770.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Jenkinson,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Cooper, and Mr. Bradfkaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, Corn, &e. of the Society of Merchants Venturers, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, waspresented to the'

House, and read; Complaining of a Scarcity of Corn j and praying. That the Law for preventing the Exportation of Grain out of this Kingdom may be continued for another Year, and that a free Importation from Ireland and America be permitted during the same Time; or that such Relief may be afforded as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

68 24 Novembris . 1768.

Mr. Wilke#* Ordered, That the Copy of the Record of the Pro-teedings, on an Information in the Court of King’s Bench, against John Wilkes, Esquire, for Blasphemy, Yesterday presented to the House, be locked up by the Clerk of this House; and that no Copies be allowed to be taken thereof; nor any Persons, except the Members of this House, allowed to peruse it.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Barlow, of the Crown Office, do attend this House Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That Alexander Philip, Esquire, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Curry do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Arthur Beardmore do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. David Meredith do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Nathan Carrington do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Watson do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Ardran do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Blackmore do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Francis do attend this House at the same Time.

\dered. That Mr. George Kearjly do attend this House ai the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bichard Balfe do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Charles Rainsford, Esquire, Deputy Lieutenant of the Tower, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Faden do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Farmer do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Printer, do attend this

House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Gardner, Esquire, do attend

this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Wallace, Esquire, do attend

this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Wood, of Littleton, Esquire, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Brown do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Clitheroe, Esquire, do attend

this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. Kidgell do attend this House at the same Time.

A Motion being made, for the Attendance of John Wilkes, Esquire, in his Place, at the same Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the other Order of the Day be now read;

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House in 1592, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to Mr. Fitzherbe might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion, That the other Order of the Day be now read, was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the House being informed by a Member present, that John Wilkes, Esquire, Member of this House, had desired him to acquaint the House, that he thought it necessary that he should be present on the 2d Day of December, in order to support the Allegations of his Petition to this House, when the Matter of the said Petition, and the Proceedings on several Informations, in the Court of King’s Bench, against the said John Wilkes, Esquire, are ordered to be heard; and likewise, that the said Member would apply to the House, in his Name, for Leave that he might be present;

Ordered, That the Marshalof the King’s Bench Prison

16.

do bring the said John Wilkes, Esquire, in Custody, to the Bar of this House, on the 2d Day of December next, if the said Mr. Wilkes shall desire to be io brought up.

Ordered, That the said John Wilkes, Esquire, be at Liberty to be then heard, by his Counsel, upon his Petition presented to this House, if he shall think fit.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Corn, Sec.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of-Corn,

Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; without any Amendment.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read.

The House proceeded to the hearing of the Matter pontefraa of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Elec- Elc&oa. tion and Return for the Borough of in the County of York.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Henry Strachey, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses of the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and divers other Bur-

gestes of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, that the Counsel be called in;

Resolved, That the Counsel be confined to proceed only upon the Allegations of the said Petitions, which complain of the Freedom of the said Election being disturbed by Riots.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners and for Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, no Counsel attending for Lord Gallway, were called in.

And the said Petitions were read.

And Mr, Speaker acquainted the Counsel with the said Resolution.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And then One of the Counsel for Sir Rowland Baronet, One of the Sitting Members, was heard; and acquainted the House, that, the House having come to the said Resolution, he should give the House no further Trouble.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that there were violent and outrageous Riots and Tumults at the said Election.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that there were notorious and outrageous Riots and Tumults at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefrail, in the County of York, in De-

fiance of the Civil Authority, and in Violation of the Freedom of Elections.

And a Motion being made, That the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Gallway, in the Kingdom of land, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefrail, in the County of York-,

The Lord Gallway withdrew.

Then the Question being put, That the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Gallway, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Burge Is to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of York;

It passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made. That Sir Rowland Winn,

Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present

9 Geo. III.

240 — 250 N

69

sent Parliament for the Borough of P out efrail, in the County of York;

Sir Rowland Winn withdrew.

Then the Question being put. That Sir Rowland Wmiy Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of York-,

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of York, was a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of P in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Gallway, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, whose Election for the said Borough has been declared void.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 25° die Novembris \ Anno 90 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1768. Prayers.

Madrass f

f U A fl

Schneider’s Nat.

tion.

Madrass and John Henry Schneider took the Oaths appointed, in Order to their Naturaliza-

Royat A (Tent to Bills.

A Message from His Majesty, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to One Public and One Private Bill following; viz.

An Act to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

An Act for Naturalizing John Dufaur.

Sew Mr. Tonfon presented to the House, according to Or-Windsor der, a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and Streets, watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Parish and Borough of New WindJ'or, in the County of Berks; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Gloucester Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom and the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are *Road» thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road, leading from the City of Gloucester, towards the City of Hereford, and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester; and of other Persons residing near or travelling some of the said Roads; was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 32.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read.

And a Member present informed your Committee, that he is well acquainted' with the Proceedings of the Trustees appointed by the said Act, being an acting Trustee himself.

That the Trustees have made a great Progress in putting the said Act in Execution; in order to which they have already borrowed large Sums of Money, and find it necessary to borrow a further Sum, for amending some*of the Roads; and that, by reason of the great Extent of the said Roads included in the said Act, and the Smallness of the Tolls, the Trustees find they shall not be able effectually to execute their Trust, and pay off the Money borrowed and to be borrowed, upon the Credit of the said Act, without some additional Tolls and Powers, and a further Continuation of the Term.

That the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Newent, Part of the said Roads directed by the said Act to be repaired, through the Town and Parish of Newent, and the Parishes of P

mock, and Donington, to join the Ledbury Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called Dinichill in the said Parish of Donington-, and also the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Mitchell Dean, to a Place called Guns Mills, in or near the Parish of in

the County of Gloucester-, and from the said Turnpike Road at Mitchell Dean, through the Town of Dean, to the Top of a Hill called the Stender's, i.n or near the Forest of Dean, and through the said Town of Mitchell Dean, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Lea to Ross, at or near a Place called Castle-end and from the said Town of Mitchell Dean to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Gloucester, through the Lea, in the County of Gloucester, in the Road to Hereford, at or near a Place called the Lea Line and also the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road from the City of Gloucester to a Place called Hawkins Pill, in the Road to Newnha m,at or near a Place called Jordan through the Parish of Flaxley to the Place called Guns Millaforesaid; and also the Road leading from the said last mentioned Turnpike Road in the Ty thing of Elton, to the Cross in the Town of Dean, in the said

County of Gloucester-, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Which Evidence, so far as it relates to the greatest Part of the new Roads, was confirmed by another Member present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Gloucester towards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for amending several other Roads, near or adjoining to some of the said Roads: And that Mr Mr. Tracey, and

Mr. Southwell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the repairing,'improving, and better preserving of the Harbour and Quay of Wells, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. William Burk presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Naturalizing And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BjII be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Power?, granted by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, leading from a Place called Harlozv Common,

nr

x in

Wells

Harbour,

&c:

Niedrick’s

Nac.

Harlow Bulh Common, &c. Roads.

Schneider*

Nat.

7°

25* Novembris.

A. 1768.

in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cro/s, in the Parish of Great in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Mr. Plumer, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for Naturalizing John Henry Schneider, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Norris,

Mr. Gray, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Estimata Address to His Majesty, presented,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for (Ordnance), the Year 1769, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth , viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1769.

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges ——

' Gibraltar and North Britain ——

Minorca ——

S'. John's, Ferryland, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour, and Placentia, in Newfoundland ——

Annapolis Royal ——

Eafi Florida ——

West Florida ——

Granada, Dominica, Tobago, S'. Vincent, and other Ceded Islands -

Quebec ——

New York ——

Senegal and Senegambia ——

Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 1,791 Men, Officers included ——

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich ——

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -

Pay of Master Gunners and Gunners of the several Garrisons in Great Britain ——

Pay of an Inspector of Artillery for North America, Newfoundland, and the Witfl India Islands ——

Pay of an Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca ——

To Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Cleaveland, in Consideration of his Services, till such Time as he shall be entitled to the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel in the Regiment of Artillery -

To Lieutenant General William Belford, for his good Services -

To John Chalmers, Esqr. late Major of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services ——

To Lieutenant Colonel William Roy, Engineer, for surveying the Coasts of Great Britain and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging ..... ——

To Colonel Thomas Defaguliers, for his extraordinary Services at the Siege of Pallais in Belleifle, and upon several Expeditions, pursuant to

His Majesty’s Warrant 25 August 1768 ——

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Germany, North America,

duced, and Widows Pensions ——

EXTRAORDINARIES.

— , . f Gibraltar

Towards carpring on

the Fortifications

building and repairing Storehouses at

Placentia

S'. John's, Ferryland, Carboniere, and Trinity Harbour in Newfoundland

To finish the new Fort at Arderfeer Point, near Inverness

16.

Cp s. d.

36,256 12 6

1,047 5 —

1,297 2 6

1,099 11 3

611 7 6

657 —

967 5 —

1,076 *5 —

843 10 —

310 5 —

1,113 5 —

8,093 l7 6

58,342 4 2

1,000 — —

867 5 — -

5,648 7 6

456 5 —

365 — —

91 5 _

328 10 —

*73 J5 —

3*>5 — —

456 5 —

9,071 J3 9

3,000

3>635 — —

500 ——

500 — —

6*755 1.2 11

s. d.

i3°»639 6 8

Toward*

9 Geo. III.

250 Notembris.

Towards repairing the Fortifications knd Barracks in Scotland -

Towards repairing the Sea Wharfing at Shterness -

Towards repairing the Fortifications at Portsmouth and Gosport -

Towards completing the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel - -

Towards rebuilding Part of the Wharf at repairing and securing

the Remainder; also for raising and strengthening the Marsh Wall, as required by the Commissioners of the Sewers -

A Supply of Stores and Materials demanded for Gibraltar - -

A Supply of Stores and Materials demanded for Minorca, to complete the Proportion allotted for that Island, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, yth November 17 65 ——

Two hundred Tons of Salt Petre ——

Expence of Services performed pursuatit to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1768.

Pay of Officers at the Settlement of Halifax in Nova , from 1 January to 31st December 1768, and Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange for carrying on the current Service - - - - -

Bedding lent for Use of the Garrison of pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 9th July 1768 ——

In lull of £. 18,192. 7. 10. for Timber^ Bedding, Brass Ordnance, small Arms, Powder, and other Stores, sent to Gibraltar on Account of the late Storm, and for the better Security and Defence of that Place ——

Pay of supernumerary Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the Royal Regiment of Artillery at the Ceded Islands, from 1 January to 31 December 1768, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 25 June 1766 ——

Arms delivered to the First Regiment of Dragoon Guards, the Third, Fifteenth, Seventeenth, Thirty-third, and Seventy-third Regiments of Foot, and to One Independent Company of Invalids, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 31 October 1766, 17 September and 22 October 1767; 2 April, 13 August, 6 and 30 September 1768 -

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 11 May 17 68 - -- -- -- --Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the County of Huntingdon, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 14 1768 - -

Ammunition delivered to Thirty-five Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 18 May 1763 -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by the Paymasters of the Trains of Artillery in North America, on Account of the Staff and Contingencies for 1768 -

~ New York -

Quebec - - -East Florida -

West Florida - -

Money issued for repairing Store-lioules and Artillery Barracks j also for Contingencies at - -

1,100

*>15°

1,200

459 x4 —

Money issued for building Barracks and Hospitals for the Troops and Ordnance Storehouses, and also defraying Incidents at Granada, S' Vincent, Tobago, and other Ceded Islands -

Money issued to answer Bills drawn on Account of building a Powder Magazine, repairing. Storehouses, and rebuilding the Wharf at Jamaica ——

To Colonel Thomas Defaguliers, for his extraordinary Services at the Siege of Pallais, in Belleijle, and upon several Expeditions, from 25 August to 31 December 1768, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 25 August 1768 ——

Value of Powder and other Stores supplied for Service of Fort Lewis and Fort James, in the Rivers Senegal and Gambia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council s.$July 1768 ——

Pay of Engineers and other Persons sent to Newfoundland, from 1 January to 31 December 1768, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 1 May 1765 ——

H. S, Conw y.

Charles F.

J. Wilkinson,

L s. d.

2,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

500

7,060 - - —

8,520 8 2

3.897 10 3

9,000 — —

730 —

736 14 —

6,192 7 10

634 8 —

3,673 9 "

236 16

912 16

1,629 10

9,741 12

3,9° 9 1S 8 9>437 8 —

£,110 16 2

161 5 —

136 18 8

549 — —

7i

£. h di

47,308 tt 4

177,947 18 —

43,814 19 — 221,760 17 —

JV. R. Earle.

Chat. Cocks.

Vol. 32.

Ordered,

72 25 0 Novembris.' . 1768.

Ordered, That thrf said Estimate do lie upon the Table, Orde, That the Bill to amend, and render more

to be perused by the Members of the House. effectual, an Act made in the 21st Year of the Rohm of Suljcci*

Milt, Sec. sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and - Perry, for the Service of the Year 1769: And the same was received $ and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Salted Beef, The House was moved. That an Act, made in the

&c* 8th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be^ given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act: And that Sir William Mr. Garth, Mr. Brickdale, and the Lord Clare, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Barley. A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Common Council, Freemen, and Principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That there may be a Prohibition of the Extraction of low Wines and Spirits from Barley.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

K. Charles’s Ordered, That Dr. Halifax, of Trinity Hall, Cambridge,

Martyrdom. p>e desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon Monday the 30th Day of January next: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu and Mr. Cujl do acquaint him therewith.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ordered. Account of the Quantity of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, imported into Great Britain, from Ireland, from the 10th October 1766, to the 10th October 1768; distinguishing each Year.

Oraered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, imported from the British Dominions in America, from the first Day of February 1768, as far as the same can be made up.

Rice. The House was moved, that an Act, made in the 8th-Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue several Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, Pulse, Oats, Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, Dutyfree; and also so much of an Act, made in the same Session, as relates to the free Importation of Rice from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America; and to allow the Importation of Wheat, and Wheat-flour, from for a limited Time, free

of Duty; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act, as relates to the free Importation of Rice from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an oidered. Account of the Quantity of Rice, imported into Great Britain, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in together with an Account of what has been exported, from the 30th Day of November 1767, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Colonies from whence the same was imported.

King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, be read a Second Time upon this Day fortnight, the 9th Day of December next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, from 25th December 1768, to the 24th December 1769, both Days inclusive, being 363 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimath of tire Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison, at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th of December 1768, to the 24th of December 2 769; both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay, between the British and Establilli-ments, of Five Battalions and Four Companies of Foot, serving in the 1fie of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, lor 365 Days, from 25th December 1768 to 24th December 1769, both Days inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General St aft' Officers, in Great for the Year 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay, for 365 Days, for the Year 1769, to Otficeis P.e-duced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the 24th December 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbehave Leave to Mr. Wilke*. 1 make a Motion, it being after S:x of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordinulv.

__ j

Resolved, That an humble Add re fs be presented to His Majesty, that He will be gr.iciously pleaded to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Warrants of Commitment and Apprehensiun, whereby John Wilkes, Esquire, then a Member of this House, was apprehended, and afterwards commuted to the Tower of London.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His.

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Nine of the Clock. " j

5> Geo. III. a8° Novembris

Lurue, 28* die Nov;

n

Re/blved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rtjolved, That this House will, upon Morn*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Anno 9° Georgii IIItu Regis, 1768. House, upon the said Bill*

Prayers.

Nledrick's TjAUL Niedrick took the Oaths appointed, in order

hlc M*il'iir!ilt7!ifiAn

to his Naturalization.

Kimbolton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, lndofore. an(j Common Grounds, in the Township of in

the Parish and Manor of , in the County of

Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Montagu, Lord Ludlow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

'Willey

lndosure.

St. Martin’* le Grand Streets.

Taunton

Market.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Common, Arable, Meadow, Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willey, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Liberty of Martin le within the City and Liberty of in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Obstruiftions and Annoyances therein: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for erecting a Market-house, and holding a Market in the Town of , in the County of

Somerset, and for preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town, and for the better lighting Part of the said Town: And the same was received* and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for Naturalizing George Madrass was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of otherwise

Shackjlm, otherwise Shain the County of Lei-eefler, was read a Second Time.

Rffolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Montagu, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr.Wilkes. The Lord Villiers reported to the House, that their

Address of Friday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies of the Warrants therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Malt, lee. A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for tjae Service of the Year 1769, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vox.. 32.

Madrass*

Nat.

Shaxtcm

lfidoforc.

A Petition of the poor distressed Debtors, Prisoners Dlfbeffed in the County Gaol in -Ivel'chefTer, in the County of °e*3Wr* Somerset: And also,

A Petition of the unhappy infolVent Debtors con- Ditto, fined in the Prison of the King's Bench: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, in Lancaster Ditto. Castle, on Behalf of themselves, and the mariy other Persons unhappily confined in the different Gaols in this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Com plaining Of their Distress; and praying Relief And the said Petitions were TeveraHy Ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Rice* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so milch of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue several Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, Pul fe, Oats, Oat-meal.

Rye, and Rye-meal, Duty free and also so much of ail Act, made in the same Session, as relates to the free Importation of Rice from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America* and to allow the Importation of Wheat,

and Wheat-flour, from Africa, for a limited Time, free of Duty; as relates to the free Importation of Rice frdin His Majesty’s Colonies in North America $ be now read*

And the said Order being read accordingly*

Ordered That it be an Infirudionto the said Committee, that they do also consider of so much of t fate said Act, as imposes a duty upon the Exportation of Rice, imported Duty free, by virtue of the said Act.

Theq the House resolved itself into the -said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to feverkl Resolutions* which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refold!ions which the Committee had directed hint to report to the House* which he read in his Place* and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table*

Where the same were read; and are as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is ’the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thou- fend Three hundred add Forty-nine I nvalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand One hundred and Forty-two effective Men, Commission and Non Commission Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Sevefi hundred and Sixty-hihe.

Revived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Fwo thou-ftnd Six hundred and Seven ty-threfe Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge Of Seventeen thousand One hundred and Forty-two efteitive Mm, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine. *

Resolved, That it fe the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Ninety-seven thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-irve Pounds,

U Eighteen

Army:

Matiny

and

Desertion.

Mr. Wilkei.

74 28° Novembris. 1768.

Eighteen Shillings, and Seven Pence, and one Eighth Part of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia,

the Ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Six hundred and Sixty-one Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the and Irish Establishment of Five Battalions and Four

Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man., at braltar, Minorca, and the Ceded for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Two hundred and Three Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Six Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three Pounds, Five Shillings, fbe granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of full Pay for Three hundred and Sixty-five Days, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, to Officers Reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the Twenty-fourth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

The said Resolutions being severally ’ read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington and Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give Leave to the Earl Temple, the Earl of Sandwich, and the Earl of March, to cpme to the House of Commons, in order to be examined, on Friday next, when the Matter of the Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King's Bench, against the said Mr. Wilkes, are ordered to

be heard;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 25th Day of February. 1765, ttith Relation to the Earl of Morton, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give Leave to the Earl' Temple, the Earl of Sandwich, and the Earl of March, to come to the House of Commons, in order to be examined.on Friday next, when the Matter of the Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King's Bench, against the said Mr. Wilkes, are ordered to be heard.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That Sir Fletcher Norton do attend this House, in his Place, upon Friday Mqrning next, when the Matter of the said Petition and of the said Proceedings are ordered to be heard. v

Ordered, That Richard Hopkins, Esquire, do attend this House, in his Place, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do attend this House, in his Place, at the same Time, .

16 .

Ordered, That Robert Wood, Esquire, do attend this House, in his Place, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. do attend this House

upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. fames Philips do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Lovell Stanhope, Esquire, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Bell do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Savile Carey do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Benjamin Burd do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Chisholm, Peruke Maker, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Jennings do attend this House at the same Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Auditors of the Imprest, or their Deputies, do lay before this House, Copies of all such Accounts^ have been passed, declared, or received, from Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, late Solicitor of His Majesty’s Treasury, since Mid 1762;

And the previous Question being put. That that Quefr tion be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N° x. Extract of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Shelburne,-dated Bojloti, aift January, 1768:

Andalfo,

2. Extract of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Shelburne, dated Boston, 30th January, 1768: And also,

3. Copy of a--Letter from Governor Bernard to thd Earl of Shelburne> dated Boson, 2 February, 1768: And also,

4. Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Hil/Jborough to Governor - Bernard, dated Whitehall, 4 April, 1768: And also,

5. Extract of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the

Earl of Shelburne, dated Boston, 18 February, 17681 Inclosing,: ’

Copy of a Circular Letter from the House of Re-. ,'presentatives of Massachusets Bay, to the other Assemblies in North America, February 11, 1768: And also,

6. Extract of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the

Earl of Shelburne, dated Boston, March 3, 1768: Inclosing, r '-A 1

Copy of the Resolves of the House of, Representatives, 26 February, 1768.

> Copy of a; Libel printed in the Boston Gazette, February 28, 1768. ’ ‘

Copy of Proceedings of the-Council, on the Sub-jed of the Libel in the Boston Gazette, 28

...February, .1768.'

Copy of Governor Bernard’s Message to the1 Council.

Copy of Council’s Address in Answer — and Copy of Governor Bernard's Reply.

Copy of Governor Bernard's Message to the Af-' fembly.: '

Copy of the Assembly’s Answer thereto: And also,

7. Appendix to Journals of the House of Represen-tatives of Massachusets Bay, February, 1768: And also,-

8. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough, to the Governors of several Colonies in America, dated Whitehall, April 2 f, 1768: And also,

9. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to

Governor

Mr. Wilko.

American

Colonies.

9 Geo. III..: a8° Novem 75

Governor Bernard, dated WhApril 22, 1768:

And also,

10. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough

to Major General Gage, dated 23,1768:

And also,

11. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Bradshaw to'Mr. Phelpses, Treasury Chamber, 7 May, 1768: Inclosing,

Memorial of the Commissioners of the Customs in America, dated 12 February, 1768: And also,

ia. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to all the Governors on the Continent of North America, dated Whitehall, 14 May, 1768: And also,

13. Extract ofa Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Shelburne, dated Boston, March 12, 1768: And also,

14. Copy ofa Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Shelburne, dated Boston, March 19, 1768: Inclosing,

Resolutionofthe Council, on the 18th relative to the Riots at Boston.

Affidavit" of Mr. Wot t on, Inspector General of the

Customs: And also,

15. Ext raft of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Shelburne, dated March31, 1768: Inclosing,

Extract from the Boston Gazette, containing an Account of the Meeting of the Merchants ©a the 18th of March: And also,

16. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to Major General Gage, dated Whitehall, June 8, 1768: And also,

17. Copy of a Letter fronii the Earl of Hillsborough, to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated Whitehall, June 11, 1768: And also,

18. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to Governor Bernard, dated June 11,1768: And also,

19. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Bradshaw to Mr. Pownall, dated Treasury Chambers, July 8, 1768: In*-closing.

Memorial of the Commissioners of the Customs in ' America, dated 28 March, 1768: And also,

20. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough, to all the Governors on the Continent of North America, dated Whitehall, July 11, 1768: And also,

21. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of’Hillsborough to Governor Bernard, dated July 11, 1768: And also, '

22. Copy of a Letter from Mr. to Mr.

Bradshaw, dated Whitehall, July 11, 1768: And also,

23; Copies of Letters from Governor to the

Earl of Hillsborough, dated Boston, June 1 nh and 13th: And also,

24. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard, to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Boston, June I4rth, 1768:

Inclosing,

Minutes of Council on the 11 June, 1768.

Depositions of a Riot at Boston, June 10, 1768. -

Copies of Letters between Governor and the Commissioners of the Customs, June 1768: And also,

2 5. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Boston, June 16 and 18, '1768: Inclosing,

Incendiary Paper, stuck up at Boston, in June, 1768.

Copy of the Petition of the Town of Boston, to Governor Bernard, June 14, 1768.

Copy of Governor Bernard's Answer to the Petition of the Town of Boston.

Instructions to the Members of the Town of And also, ....

26. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Bradshaw to" Mr. Pownall, dated Treasury Chamber's, 22d July, 1768: Inclosing, «'

Copy of a Memorial of the Commissioners of the Customs, June 16, 1768, and such Papers thereunto annexed.

Copy of Examination of Mr. Hallowell, at the Treasury Board, July 21, 1768: And also,

Vol. 32.

27. Copy of a Letter froth Mr. Bradshaw to Mr. Pownall, Treasury Chambers, November 22, 1768: In- ' closing.

Corrections in the Examination of Mr. Hallowell, on the 21 of July, 1768: And also,

28. Copy of a Memorial presented to the Earl of Hillsborough, July 21, 1768, by Mr. Dennys de

and Depositions therewith annexed: And also, -

29. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Bradshaw to Mr. Pownall, dated Treasury Chambers, August 4, 1768: Inclosing,

Cafe and Opinion thereupon of His Majesty’s Attorney General, respecting the Seizure of aVessel at Boston, in June, 1768: And also,

30. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to the Earl of Shelburne, dated Whitehall, 27 July, 1768: And also,

31. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated Whitehall, July 28, 1768: And also,

32. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to Major General Gage, dated Whitehall, July 30, 1768: And also,

33; Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to Governor Bernard, dated WhJuly 30, 1768:

Inclosing,

Opinion of Sir Edward Northey, Sir Dudley Rider, and Sir John Strange, upon the Act of the 6th* of Queen Anne, for encouraging the Trade to America: And also,

34. Copy of a Letter from Mr: Pownall to Mr.

Bradshaw, dated July 28, 1768: And also,

35. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated the 17th of June, 1768: And also,

36. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated June 25th, 28th, and July ift, 1768: Inclosing,

Mefl’ages and Answers between the Governor and

; House of Representatives of Massachusets Bay, June, 1768.

The Answer of thd House of Representatives of Massachusets Bay-to the Governor, June 30, 1768.

v; And alto, -

37. Copy ofa- Letter to the Earl of Hillsborough from the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Massachusets Bay, dated June 30, 1768: And also,

38. Extracts of the Printed Journal of the Proceed-

ings. of the House.jof Representatives of Massachusets Bay, from the 30 of December, 1767, to the 30 June, 1768: And also, 1

39. Extract‘of a" Letter from Governor to

the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 9 July, 1768:

And also) " ' -

40. Copy of a Supplemental Letter from Governor '-Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Boston, July 9, 1768: And also,

4 tv Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl lof Hillsborough, dated Boson, i-8th and 19th, 1768: Inclosing,

Copies-of Papers published at Boson: And also,

42; Copy of a Letter "from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated J 16, 1768: Inclosing,

Petition of the Council of the- Province of chufcts Bay, to His Majesty: And also,

43. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the

Earl-of Hillsborough,' dated Boson, July' 18, 1768 f And

also, 1 r ' ' ' !

44. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough toGovernor Bernard, dated September 14, 1768: And also,

45. Copy of a Letter' from Mr; to Mr.

Pozvnall, dated Treasury Chambers, August 31, 176S: Inclosing, - 1

Memorial of the Commissioners of the Customs in

' North"America\ Jti/y ii, 1768, and Papers there-

unto-annexed: And also, *

48. Copy

American

Coloniei.

76 2$° — 29* No.

American 46. Copy of* Letter from Governor Bernard to the Colonic*, of Hillsborough, dated Bofion, July 30, 1768: Inclosing,

Copies of Letters between Governor Bernard and General Gage, July, 1768.

Minutes of Council of Bay, July 27

and 29, 1768.

Observations on the Council's An fiver to Governor Bernard, July 29, 1768: And also,

47. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the

Lari of Hillsborough, dated Augtfi 6,1768: And

also,

48. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the

Lari of Hillsborough, dated Bqfton, 9, 1768: And

also,

49. Extra# of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Bofion, August 29, 1768: Inclosing,

Extra# from the Bofion Gazette: And also,

50. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to Governor Bernard, dated Whitehall, October 12,1768: And also,

51. Extra# of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the

Earl of Hillsborough, dated September 9, 1768: And

also,

52. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Bofion, September 16, 1768: Inclosing,

Extra# irom the Bofion Gazette, of the 16 September, 1768.

Proceedings at a Town Meeting at Bofion, on the 12 September 1768.

Circular Letter from the Sele# Men of the Town of Bofion to the several Towns and Distri#s in Massaehufets Bay, September 14,1768: And also,

53. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Bofion, 23 September, 1768: And also,

54. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of HiUsborough, dated Bofion, 26 September, 1768: ‘inclosing,

Minutes of Council, the 19th September, 1768.

Minutes of Council, the and September, 1768.

Minutes of Council, the 26th of September, 1768, c$tracted from the Bofion Gazette.

Paragraph proposed to be inserted in the Council’s Answer to the Governor’s Message: And also,

55. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated September 17th, 1768:

Inclosing,

Proceedings of the Convention afiembted at Bofion, on the and September, 1768: And also,

56. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the

Earl of Hillsborough, dated Bofion, ift, 2768:

Inclosing,

Minutes of Council on the 29th 1768:

And also,

57. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Bofion, October 3d, 1768; Inclosing,

Refuk of the Proceedings of the Convention.

58. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Bofion, October 5th, 1768: Inclosing,

Minutes of Council on the 3d and 5th October, 1768.

Letter from the Town of Hatfield, to the Sele# Men of the Town of Bofion, September 22,1768: And also,

59. Extra# of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to Governor Bernard, dated Whitehall, 15th November,

1768: Inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Sayre to the Earl of Hillsborough: And also,

60. Minutes of the Treasury Board, transmitted to the Earl of Hillsborough, November 28, 1768.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 7th Day of December next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsiderOf the said Papers,

The said Papers are preforved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- W ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Blean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

m

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Sappfy. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 29° die Novembris;

Anno 9® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

AB'I LL for the repairing, itnprdving,*nd better pre- Welb serving, of the Harbour and Quay of Wells, in Hattwaw the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

'Resolved, That the Bill be committed toSrr 'Edward Aftley, Sir John Turner, Ac.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable Earl of MarfcfieM

Huntingdon, and the humble Petition of , Inelo&re.

Esquire, the Reverend George BD- D. John Buckley, Robert Buckley, John Aand the several

other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, -and entitled to Rights of Common, within -the Lordship or Liberty of Markfield, in the County of wdi

prefeuBed to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Lordship there are several Open and Common Fields and Commons; and that, if the same were inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the Proprietors, according to their fdvertd Rights and Interest therein, it would be of great‘Advantage to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Strange and Sir John Turner do prepare, 2nd bring in, the fame.,

A Bill for Naturalizing Paul Niedrich, Wai read a NiedricV. Second Time.

Resolved, That the BiH be committed to Mr. William Burke, Nix. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tire Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Edward Eliot, Esquire, being chosen -a Burge ft to St. German* serve in this present Parliament for the -Borough of Wtic Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall, and also a Buegefe for the Borough of Saint Germans, in the said County, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Lfflceard.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do -illue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to-make out a new Writ for the

9 Geo. III.

29" Novembris.

77

the Electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in tive room of the said Edward Eliot, Esquire.

Saint Samuel Salt, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to serve

Writ"* *n t^'S Pre^ent Parliament for the Borough of Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Saint Germans, in the said County, made his Election to serve fur the said Borough of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the said Samuel Salt, Esquire.

Marlboro' Mr. Garth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through W to Shepherds and from the Hare and Hounds, in Beckhampton ,to the Top of Cherill Hill; and from the Town of Avebury, to the Croflway at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts', was referred; That the Committee had examined, the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And Mr. Samuel Hawkes being examined, said, That the Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said Act, hath been duly applied; and that there is now owing on the Credit of the Tolls the Sum of £. 1,400. with One Year’s Interest on the fame; and that the Roads cannot be sufficiently repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, during the existing Term in the said Act granted.

That it will be necessary for completing the Intention of the said Act, to make forae Regulation with respect to the Tolls, and that some further Powers may be wanting for that Purpose.

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to the Turnpike Road in the Village of Wroughton, and also the Road from the directing Poll, the North Side of Swindon, to the Carpenters Arms in the Parish of Blunfda1,are very ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill . to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, pafi'ed in the Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Marlborough, to Shepherds Shord, and from Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherill Hill, and from Avebury to Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts-, and for repairing and widening the Road, from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury, to Wroughton-, and from the North Side of Swindon, to the Carpenters Arms in Blunfden, in the said County: And that Mr. Garth, Mr. Goddard, and Sir Edward Bayntun, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Distressed A Petition of the Debtors in the Gaol of Liverpool,

Debtors. jn (he County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Peebles, John Ross, Esquire, being chosen a Commissioner to &c* serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of

and also a Commissioner for the District of Burghs of Peebles, Linlithgozv, Selkirk, and made his Election to serve for the said Shire of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Peebles, -Vol. 32.

lithgow, Selkirk, and Lanerk, in the room of the said John Ross, Esquire.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Rice* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue several Acts, made, in the last Session of

Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Wheat, ~

Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, Pulse, Oats, Oatmeal, Rye, and Rye-meal, Duty free; and also io much of an Act, made in the same Session, as relates to the free Importation of Rice from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America; and to allow the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, from Africa,' for a limited Time, free of Duty; as relates to the free Importation of Rice from His Majesty’s Colonies in North Americaj and who were instructed to consider also of so much of the said Act, as imposesa Duty upon the Exportation of Rice imported Duty free, by virtue of the said Act; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Rice, Sago, Powder, and Vermicelli, into this Kingdom, from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, for a limited Time, as allows the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, which was continued by an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be further continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall be imported Duty free, the like Duty be laid as was imposed upon the Exportation of Rice imported Duty free by virtue of the said Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Garth and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Pennant and Sir Joseph Mawbey be Salted added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, Beef» &c‘ and bring in, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in Ame* rica, for a limited Time.

A Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and New watching, the Streets and Lanes, in the Parish and Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks; and ‘

for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bakdr,

Mr. A'Court, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Writ.

' Sir Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to Greenfield,

whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gen- &c-tlemen, Clergy, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, and Road' other Inhabitants, residing near or contiguous to the Road, leading from the Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, in the Parish of Holywell, in the County of Flint, to the North Limits of the Township of Mostyn, in the Parish of Whitford, in the said County, and from thence to Henllan, in the County of Denbigh; as also from Lanerch yMore, by Downing, to the Turn-

pike Road, called Penn y Fordd Wain, in the Parish of

X Whitford

Denbigh,

&:c.

Roads.

Hilborowe

Inclosure.

78 2t>° NovembrtS* 1768*

Wliiifor& aforesaid, whore Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. ’John Scott being examined, said, That the Roads, described in the Petition, are in many Places damaged by the overflowing of the Sea, and in other Places overflowed by the Rivers and Land Floods, and are very narrow and ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mojiyn-, and from Mostyn to Henllan; and from L/anerch y More, to Pen y Fordd , in the

Counties of Flint and Denbigh: And that Sir Reger Mojiyn

and Mr. Morton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Roger Mojiyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and other Inhabitants, reflding near or contiguous to the Road leading from the Town of , in the County of

Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road, that leads from thop to Holywell, in Flint-hire, being the Old Poll P.oad

from Chester to Denbigh and Holyhead: as also the Road, branching out of the said lad mentioned Road, to the Town of Mold, in the said County of whole

Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-tition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Dollar being examined, said. That the Roads leading from the said Town of Denbigh to the Turnpike Road aforesaid; and also the Road branching from thence through Naitnerrh to A bold: are in several Places overflowed with Water, and in other Places very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and that the same cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring jn a Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between Northop and and

from /.Ivon Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties

of Denbigh and Flint: And that Sir Roger Mostyn and the Lord Strange do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Ralph Cauldivell, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Hilborowe, alias Hand Owner of the greatest Part of certain Common Fields, Breeks, Half-year Closes, and Lammas Meadows, lying within the said Manor; and also Owner of the Soil, and Common Wastes, in the Parish of Hilborozve, in the County of Norfolk, in Behalf of himself, and the red of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in, and Persons having a Right of Common and Shackage in and upon the said Common Fields, Breeks, Half-year Closes, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields, Half-year Closes, and Lammas Meadows, lie intermixed, and dil’perfect in small Parcels, and are in their present Situation greatly incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Breeks, Half-year Closes, Lammas 14

Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common and Sheep-walk therein, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Bacon and Mr. Morton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Noblemen, whose Names are Oxford thereunto subscribed, and the humble Petition of the _ to Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars, of the University of Oxford, of the Corporation of the Cities of Oxford and Coventry, and the Towns of WoBanbury, and Daventry, under their respective Common Seals; and also of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Cities of Coventry and Oxford, and the Counties of Oxford, Northampton, and Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Survey lately made, it appears that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burdens, may be made from the Coventry Canal Navigation, near the City of Coventry, at a Place cal'ed Gosford through or near the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, of Stoke Binley, Comb, Brinklow, Little New-

bold, Broivnfover, Clifton, Killmor.'on,

Willoughby, L earning ton- lla!ii-:gs,

Lozver Shuckbnrg/i, Napton, Priors Hard.rick. Fenny

Compton, Burton Daffett, Warming!on, Aldington, Her Icy, Nethorp, Banina y,

Somertn, Upper Heyford, Lower Ship ton,

WoodjLck, Bladen, he?brook, Yarn!on, and Woo.'v.rcot,

to the City ol Oxford, from which the Petitioners conceive great public Advantages may be derived: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the said City of to Oxford,

by such Ways and Means as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fiucration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Roger , Lord

North, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of New the Borough of Nezv Windfcr, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, r c That the Petitioners have seen and perilled a Bill depending in this House, for paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the Parish and Borough of New in the County of Berks, and for removing and preventing of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that several Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, as they now (land, will materially act'eft and prejudice the undoubted Rights of the Corporation: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them-feives or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, or be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the '

Streets and Lanes, in the Parish and Borough of IFindfor, in the County of Becks-, and for preventing Nuitances and Annoyances therein; is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition., if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inst.rui5l.ion to the said Commit teer

9 Geo. III. 29 0 Novemb

mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the ment, for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque tame Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Port, or Place, contrary to the lath Determination in the Petition. , House of Commons, was also read.

And the last Determination of the House, made upon Mr. Wilkes. Ordered, That Mr. John Money do attend this House the 18th Day of December 1661, concerning the Right upon Friday Morning next. of Electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Bo-

Ord:r:d. That Mr. William Huckle do attend this rough of , in the County of whereby

House at the same Time. it wasrefolved that all the Inhabitants of the said Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. John Bagnell do attend this House of Preston have Voices in the Election of Members t

at the same Time. serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also read.

Ordered, That Mrs. Kidgell do attend this House at And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard.

the same Time.

Ordered, That W Esquire, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Mdo attend this House at the same Time.

Ditto. A Petition of Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner being informed, that, in a Petition delivered to the House, on Behalf of Esquire,

the said Mr. Wilkes hath thought proper very unjustly to charge the Petitioner with having suborned and bribed, with the Public Money, one Michael , to give Evidence against the said Mr. , on the Trials therein

mentioned, according to the Directions of the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner, being conscious that every Part of the said Charge is totally untrue and groundless, hopes the House will give him an Opportunity to manifest his Innocence thereof, at the Bar of this House, or in such other Manner as shall be thought proper; and that the House will take such further Order, for redressing the Petitioner in the Premises, as shall be thought just.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Webb be admitted to be heard, by himself or his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon Friday Morning next, when the Matter of the Petition of John Wilkes Esquire, a Member of this House, and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King's Bench against the said Mr. are ordered to be heard.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Green do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. John Wace do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward AJlley do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Topham do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Cadell do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Johnston do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Harris do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. HenSampfon Woodfall do attend this House at the same Time.

Army: The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord-

Mutiny ing to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer-

Desertion t*oll»anc^ *or the better Payment of the Army and their

c er j n. Quarters. ^nd tive same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Preston The House proceeded to the hearing of the Matter of

Elc&ion. the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were reach

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel, at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parlia-Vol. 3a,

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members infilling that, in the said Determination of the House, of the 18th December 1661, the Words " all the Inhabitants" mean only " such In-Burgesses of the last Guild, or those admitted since by Copy of Court Roll, as are Inhabitants " of the Place;"

The Counsel for the Petitioners were again heard.

And Part of an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled,

" An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament;" and also. Part of an Act made in the 2d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption, in the Election of " Members to serve in Parliament," were read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to shew that the Right of Election for the said Borough of Preston, was in all the Inhabitants, according to the said last Determination of the House;

The Counsel on both Sides w'ere directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Counsel be again called in; and that the Counsel for the Sitting Members be directed now to acquaint the House with what they have to offer in Support of their Construction of the Words " all the " Inhabitants," in the said last Determination.

Then the Counsel were again called in, and Mr; Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Counsel for the Sitting Members were heard in Support of the said Construction.

And having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to shew that the Words " all the Inhabitants" mentioned in the said Determination of the House, mean only " such In*Burgesses of the last Guild, or those " admitted since by Copy of Court Roll, as are Inhabitants of the Place;"

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the Counsel for the Sitting Members be admitted to give Evidence to shew that, in the last Determination of the House, of the 18th Day of December 1661, the Words " all the Inhabitants" mean only " such In-Burgesses of the last Guild, or those admitted " since, by Copy of Court Roll, as are Inhabitants of " the Place;"

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for } *'*

Tellers for the Noes, j _ f 83.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners proposed to shew, that the Petitioners, John Burgoyne, Esquire, and Sir Henry Houghton, Baronet, had a Majority, upon the Poll, of the Inhabitants at large;

And the same being admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Members;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, That Sir Peter Lticester, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancofisr;

Sit

P rest on Election.

Mereworth,

See.

Road.

Schneider’s

Nat.

Harlow Bush Common to

Woodford

Road.

8o 1 290 Novembris — i 1768.

Sir Peter Leicester withdrew.

Then the Question being put, That Sir Peter Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County Palatine of Lancaster;

It passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, That Sir Frank Standish, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of ,in the County Palatine of Lancaster;

Sir Frank Standish withdrew.

Then the Question being pul. That Sir Frank Standish, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-,

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That John Burgoyne, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of

Resolved, That Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, by rafing out the Name of Sir Peter Leicester, Baronet, and Sir Frank Standish, Baronet, and inserting the Names of John Burgoyne, Esquire, and Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i° die Decembris;

Anno 90 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Mereworth Cross through West Peckham, bourue, Igtham, and Wrotkam, to the Road leading from

Seal, to Wrotham Heath-, and also the Road leading from the House of William Dalijon, Esquire, to the Road at the West End of Hadlow Street, in the County of Kent; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. r-ville, Mr. Norris, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Norris reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalizing John Henry Schneider, was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bills, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace for the County of Essex, and Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of King George the First, and the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodjord, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said first mentioned Act, Part of which still remains due; and that 16

the said Acts are near expiring; and that the Money remaining unpaid, and the Interest thereupon, cannot be discharged, and the said Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if some of the Provisions of the said Acts were altered and amended, it would be for the Benefit of the said Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Norris, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the poor Debtors, Prisoners in His Distressed Majesty’s Gaol at Maidstone, in the County of Kent: Debtor*. And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in His Majesty’s Gaol at Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

/ And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. William Burke reported from the Committee, to Nied rick’s whom the Bill for Naturalizing Paul Niedrick, was com- Nat. mitted, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. John Darner reported from the Committee, to Dorchester, whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and &c*

Inhabitants, of the County of Dorset, whose Names are °* s*

thereunto subscribed, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Holmes, said. That he knows the several Roads First described in the Petition, that they are in a ruinous Condition, and so narrow, in many Places, that Two Carriages cannot pass each other, and the said Roads cannot be repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament.

Mr. John Templeman confirmed the above Evidence.

Then an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, cleaning, and keeping in repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset, was read.

And the said Witnesses further said, That the Road leading from Wool to Dorchester, by the said Act directed to be repaired; has not been repaired, nor has any Gate or Turnpike been erected at or near the End of a Lane called Long Lane, and that if such Gate was erected, the fame, from its Situation, might be easily evaded, and the Witnesses apprehend the said Road cannot be effectually repaired by the Powers of the said Act.

That if the Road leading from Dorchester to Wool Bridge, in the Petition first described, was directed to be repaired, instead of the Road leading from Wool to Dorchester, by the said Act directed to be repaired, it would be more convenient and commodious to the Public: But the same could not be done without the Aid of Parliament.

And it appeared to your Committee, by a Member present, Thar a Proposal for the Purpose aforesaid, had

been

t

9 Geo. IIL i° Decembri ° 8 i

Hcftwyfen’s

Miu

New

Waiton, Sec. Road.

Bodmin

Gaol.

been made to the Trustees of the Turnpike

Road, at a Meeting by them held at Wareham, when the said Proposal was agreed to.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dor-chester, in the County o f Doifetand for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His-prefect Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool, to the said Borough: And that Mr. John Darner and- Mr. Bond do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Lewis Diedrick , was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Darner and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End cf Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of , to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads; and, for that Purpose, have been obliged, to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be discharged, and the said Road be effectually amended, unless the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereby granted be enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term granted by the said Act, and also to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions therein contained, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-flderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Cornwall, assembled at the Assizes, held in and for the said County at Bodmyn, the Sixth Day of August 1768, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the County Gaol is Eighty-three Miles from The Land's End, in the said County, and is too small to contain the Number of Prisoners usually committed thereto; and the Situation of 1 the said Gaol hath by Experience been found to be a public Burthen and Inconvenience, from the very great Expence of conveying Persons thereunto; and that in ancient Time, there was founded an Hospital in the Parish of Bodmyn, in the said County, called The Hospital of St, Lawrence, for providing for Nineteen Lazare People, and Two found Men, and Two found Women, and One Priest to minister to them; and that Queen Elizabeth, by her Charter, dated the 9th Day of March, in the 25th Year of her Reign, did grant and declare, that the said Lazare People, and all others who from thenceforth should be in the said House, should be a Body Corporate, and should be called and known by the Name of The Hospital, or Alms House, of Elizabeth, Queen of England, of Saint Lawrence de Pont Boye, in the Parish of Bodmyn; and should from thenceforth for Vol. 32. 0

ever conlift of a Matter, or Governor, and Nine and Thirty poor Men and Women, being Leprous People; and that the said Lazare People should be incorporate, and made a Body Corporate, by the Name of Mailer, ‘or Governor, and the Brethren and Sifters of the said Hospital; and did also grant and confirm urlto them divers Franchises and Lands; and that the Ends and Intents for which the said Hospital was originally founded and endowed have wholly ceased, no Leprous Lazare People having been kept or maintained therein for many Years now past; but the said Hospital, and the Lands and Revenues thereof, have long been, and now are; held and enjoyed by a Number of Persons, who, from Time to Time without any Foundation, Colour; or Pretence, of Qualification, from Poverty, Sickness, cr Bodily Infirmity, have, by paying Money to the prt-tended Mailer, for the Time being, of the said Hospital; got admitted as Members thereof; and which said Hospital is now so greatly perverted from the Design of its, original Institution, as to be a Receptacle of all Sorts of idle People, to the great Annoyance,' not only of the Neighbourhood of the said Hospital, but to the said County in general; and that Saint Lawrence is very near the Centre of the County, on a dry and healthy Soil, with good Water, and in every respect a fit and con-, venient Place for another County Gaol and Bridewell* and that, if the said Hospital, and the Lands and Revenues thereunto belonging; were veiled in Trustees; to be employed and disposed of for the Purpose of building and maintaining another proper County Goal and Bridewell, the great Abuses and Inconvenience attending the same in its present State would be prevented, and put an End to; and that, for the furthering lb good a Design, for the Benefit of the said County, in Aid of the said Lands and Revenues, a sufficient Sum of Mo^ ney may be raised, if necessary, by a Rate or Assessment on the said County, or by such other Means as the House shall think fit, for defraying the Expences of building and finishing in all Parts a strong, commodious, and wholesome County Gaol and County Bridewell, and properly furnishing the fame; but, as such laudable Design cannot be carried into due Execution, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore praying* That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine: the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John , Mr. Kynaf-

ton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported to the House, That he had, pursuant to their Order, been to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give Leave to the Earl Temple, the Earl of Sandwich, and the Earl of March, to come to the House of Commons, in order to be examined, on Friday next, when the Matter of the Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, and of the -Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King's Bench, against the said Mr. Wilkes, are ordered to be heard; and that their Lordships will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Mr. Wood presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of a Warrant for apprehending the Authors; Printers, and Publishers, of The North Briton, N° 45: And also,

Copy of the Warrant for committing John Wilkes, Esquire, to the Tower: And also,

Copy of a Warrant, to Two Messengers, to deliver John

Y,

Mr. Wilkes.

8 a - i* Decembris. A. 1768.

Wilkes, Esquire, into the Custody of the Constable of the

Tower of London: And also.

Copy of the Receipt given by the Deputy Lieutenant of the Tower for the Body of John Wilkes, Esquire.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Silver Plate A Petition of the several Innholders, Vintners, and used by Alehouse-keepers, within the Cities of London and

Innkeepers. minster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, it was enacted, that no Person, keeping any Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualling House, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, should publicly use, or exposeto be used, in such' his or her House,"any wrought or manufactured Plate whatsoever, or any Utensils or Vessel thereof, except Spoons, under the Penalty of forfeiting the fame, or the full Value thereof, together with full Costs of Suit; and that, by an Act made in the 29th Year of King George the Second, several Rates and Duties were granted to His Majesty, payable Yearly, by all Persons and Bodies Politic or Corporate, haying certain Quantities of Silver Plate; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said . Restriction, contained in the said Act of King,

and the other Provisions therein, were chiefly calculated to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint, for the Coinage of Silver, at that particular Time; and that the Petitioners are, in Gonsequence of the said Restriction, liable to many vexatious and frivolous Suits; and that, if the said Restriction was taken off. His Majesty’s Revenue would be increased, and the Petitioners would be enabled the better to accommodate Persons frequenting their Houses: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said Act of King William the Third, as restrains the Petitioners from publicly using in their Houses any wrought or manufactured Plate, or any Utensils or Vessel thereof j and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ditto. A Petition of several Workers, Traders, and Dealers,

in Silver Plate, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Taking Notice of the preceding Petition; and alledging, that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Restriction was repealed, it would tend to the Increase of His Majesty’s Revenue, by the Payment of the Rates and Duties, which such Innholders, Vintners, and others, would become liable to Yearly, by having Silver Plate; and it would likewise be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other Workers, Traders, and Dealers, in Silver Plate: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the several Innholders, Vintners, and Alehouse Keepers, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

The House being informed, that Mr. , from

17

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Accounts he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, presented; pursuant to their Orders, Imports, &c.

An Account of the Quantity of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, imported into England, from Ireland, from the 10th of October 1766, to the 10th of 1768; distinguishing each Year: Apd also,

An Account of the Quantity of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, imported from the British Dominions in America, from the 5th Day of January 1768, to the 10th of October 1768; which is as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Rice imported into

England, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in,

from the 10th of October 1767, to the 5th of July 1768, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Colonies from whence the same was imported:

And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Rice exported from England, from the 10th of October 1767, to the 10th of October 1768; which is as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Army: the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, ^Desertion^ was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Marine the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while Forces* on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens. Sir George Yonge, and Mr. Tucker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Malt* &c-upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1769, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1769, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1767, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1769.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Mr. Wilket. Wednesday the 23d Day of November last, for hearing.

9 Geo. III. i° — 2° Decembris. 83

Pino.

Pitto.

Cumberland

Election.

at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, the Matter of the Petition of John , Esquire, a Mem-

ber of this House, and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King's against the said John Wilkes, Esquire, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition, and of the said Proceedings, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Sevennight the 12th Day of this Instant December.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend this House Tomorrow Morning, do attend this House upon Monday Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant December.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Thursday last, for the Marshal of the King's Bench to bring John Wilkes, Esquire, in Custody, to the Bar of this House Tomorrow, if the said Mr. Wilkes shall desire to be so brought up, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison do bring the said John Wilkes, Esquire, in Custody, to the Bar of this House, upon Monday Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant Decemberif the said Mr. Wilkes shall

desire to be so brought up.

Ordered, That Copies of the above Orders, together with a Copy of the Petition of Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon last, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be sent to the said Mr. Wilkes.

Ordered, That the several Members of this House, who were ordered to attend in their Places Tomorrow Morning, do attend in their Places upon Monday Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant December.

Ordered, That Mr. Fothergill do attend this House, upon Monday Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant December.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Cumberland.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read.

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel, at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Henry Esquire, and for the several Freeholders of the County of Cumberland, who, upon the 10th Day of November last, petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, were heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Original Poll Books, taken at the last Election of Knights of the Shire for the said County, were produced.

And the Counsel for the said Henry Fletcher, Esquire, and for the said Freeholders of the County of Cumberland, examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that the Sheriff' of the said County solicited Votes for Sir James Lowther, one of the Sitting Members, and a<5led in other Respects with great Partiality in Favour of the said Sir James Lowther, duringjihe Time of the Election, and after the Close of the Poll.

Vol 32.

And the said Counsel having examined Thomas and having proposed that the said Thomas Benjon should be asked what Conversation passed between him and the Sheriff, relative to the Appointment of Counsel to assist the said Sheriff in taking the Poll;

The said Thomas Benjon desired to be excused answering that Question; alledging, that such Conversation passed, in Confidence between the said Sheriff and him the said Thomas Benjon, he being at that Time appointed by the said Sheriff’ to transact the Business of Under Sheriff in the said County.

Then the said Thomas Benjon was directed to withdraw.

And the Counsel were heard thereupon.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Counsel on both Sides, and the said Thomas Benjon, be again called in; and that the said Thomas Benjon be told, that the House expected he should give an Answer to that Question.

And they were called in accordingly; and Mr. Speaker acquainted the said Thomas Benjon therewith.

And then the said Thomas Benjon gave the House an Account of the said Conversation; and was further examined, in order to prove the Partiality of the said Sheriff in Favour of the said Sir James Lowther, in the Appointment of Counsel to alfift him in taking the Poll.

Then the Counsel for the said Petitioners1 examined the said Thomas Benjon, and another Witness, in order to prove the partial Conduct of the said Sheriff, in admitting certain Votes upon the First Day of the Poll, and afterwards resolving to refuse other Votes under the like Description. '

And the said Witnesses were further examined, in order to prove that the said Sheriff admitted several Votes upon the Poll with Queries, under a Pretence that they were not Freeholders; and with Assurances that he would, at the Close of the Poll, examine whether the Estates, for which such Votes were offered, were Freeholds or not; and afterwards, notwithstanding such Assurances, the said Sheriff refused to examine into the Legality of the said Votes though several Times applied to for that Purpose, and nevertheless rejected the Votes so queried.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said several Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris,2° die Decembris;

Anno 9® Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1768. Prayers.

MR. John Damer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool to the said Borough: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for erecting a Market-house, and holding a Market, in the Town of ,in the County of

Somerset, and for preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town, and for the better lighting Part of the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pop-

ham.

Dorchester

Sec.

Roads.

Taunton

Market

84 2° Decembris.

A \ 1768*

ham, Mr. Webb, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hefhuyfen’s Mr. John Darner presented to the House, according ^"at* to Order, a Bill for Naturalizing Lewis Diedrick

fen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Madrass* Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Nat. to whom the Bill for Naturalizing George Madrass, was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Doveridge, Mr. Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom &c- the Petition of the Right honourable Sir Henry ^oa<* dish. Baronet, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Murray being examined, said. That the high Road leading from the Turnpike Road from to

Derby, opposite to the Cross in Cowbage , to the

North Side of the Back Yard belonging to the Vicarage of Doveridge, containing in Length Twenty Chains; and Part of another high Road called Lane, from the Well End of a Barn, formerly a Dwelling House, and then called Moseley's House, to where it joins the Church Lane, containing Eight Chains and Ninety Links j and also a Foot Way or Path, from a Stile in the aforesaid Turnpike Road, which enters into a Close called Holloway Pingle, at the Bottom of the Red Hill, and eads to the South Eall Corner of a Close called Smith's Pingle, where it enters into the said Church Lane, containing Nineteen Chains, all in the Parish of Doveridge, in the County of Derby, are, in many respects, inconvenient.

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Petitioner Sir Henry Cavendish is willing, on Condition the said Roads and Foot Path be (hut up and discontinued, to take upon himself to make a good Road for Carriages and Horses, and also a good Foot Path, and to oblige himself, his Heirs, and Assigns, to keep and maintain the same in good and sufficient Repair, which will answer.all the Purposes of the Old Road and Path, and be an Advantage to the Petitioner and the Public.

And Mr. Murray further said, That he should prefer the new intended Road; and that the old one cannot be made so convenient at the public Expence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Right honourable Sir Henry Cavendish, Baronet, to (hut up Certain Roads, and a Foot Path, in the Parish of Doveridge, in the county of ; and to oblige him to make and keep in Repair for the future a new Road, and Foot Path, in lieu thereof: And . that Mr. Cavendish and Mr. Onslow do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Greening's Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Name, the BHl to enable Henry Thomas Greening, Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Gott, pursuant to the Will of Mary Gott, deceased, was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Rill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. lS

A Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and St- Martin* watching, the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, within , Le. the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing John Henry Schneider'*

der, was read the Third Time. ^Jat*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing John Henry Schneider.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Veltrymen, and " Principal Inhabitants of the Parish of St. otherwise White Chapel, in the County of Middlesex, the City of London, and in the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of London, and also of the Principal Inhabitants in the Precinct of Well.Close, in the said Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and other Places, within the said Parish and Precinct, are extremely ill paved, and greatly obstructed by Polls, and annoyed by Signs, Spouts, Gutters, and other Incroachments* projecting into and over the fame; and that the High Street of the said Parish is a principal Avenue to the Cities of London and Westminster; and that the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Precinct, although heavily burthened with Taxes towards watching, lighting, and cleansing the fame, and providing for their numerous Poor, are willing, for the public Accommodation, to submit to an additional Tax, towards paving the same in a better Manner, and keeping suchi new Pavement in Repair, and towards clearing the same from all Annoyances; and that there are several Houses, and other Buildings, within the said Parish, which project so far into the Streets and other Passages, as not only to cause the Foot Ways to be incommodious,' but render the Passage for Carriages, in many Places, dangerous; which, if taken down, and built further back, or removed, would render the same safe and commodious j and that there are several Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, which lie partly within the aforesaid Parish, and the aforesaid Precinct, and partly within other Parishes adjoining thereto, which, if included within the aforesaid Plan, for paving and removing Obllrudlions therein, would render the said Design more complete, and make the same of much greater public Utility; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous to contribute, to the utmost of their Abilities, towards the Purposes aforesaid; but that, unless they are aided by a small daily Toll upon Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, passing through the said Streets, and also upon Carriages loaded with Hay and Straw, which shall be brought, fold, or pitched, on Market Days, in any Part of the said Parish, the utmost- that their Circumstances will admit them to pay will not by any Means be adequate to the proposed Expence; and that, as the Petitioners propose paving the whole or the greatest Part of the Highways within the said Parish, they apprehend that the House will think it reasonable that they should be exempted from the Performance of any Statute Work: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Plumer,

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of

the

DistirfTrd

Debtors.

Rice.

Golford ' Green, See. Roads.

Salted Beef, &c.

Mirine

forces.

Licences for rerailing Liquors, Sc c.

Supply Bill; friair. See.

9 Geo.. III. 'Decembris-.-'

the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power Service of the Year 1769, was committed, the Amend-to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ments which the Committee had made to the BUI} and which they had directed him to report to the House ;and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names.are lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves. and a the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

great Number of other Prisoners confined for Debt in hi is Majesty’s Prison of the , was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Garth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to allow, fora further Time, the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Norris reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from, the Turnpike Road, at Golford G, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road, in the Parish. of Sand-hurst, and from the Green near Benenden Church, to the Bull Inn, at Rolvenden Cross, in the County of was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to rejtort to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir William Meredith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butler, from the British Dominions in , for a limited Time; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Where the Amendment*. were. Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put: thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrafted.

The House being, informed, that Six; of thf I^leven Persons, whose Names are subscribed to the Petitipu ^e<^lon* presented to this House upon *Tuesday the and Day of November last, complaining of an undue Ele^ion and Return for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Drrjet, had, at the Time of the Election, signed the Return of the Member against wh.om they nojv petitioned; and that there was Reason to suspect that fomf undue Practices had been used tQ induce some others to subscribe the said Petition;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do examine into the Manner of procuring and signing the Petition of the several /

Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors for Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Poole, in the County of before tjiey

examine the Matter of the said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas,{^; »J.

Teller, for the Noes, } <»

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Thursday the loth Day of November last, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 6th Day of this Instant December, the Matter of the Petition of the honourable Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Northampton^ might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be dischargedj.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 8th Day of December next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to w*y» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to 80,1 ^llea#3‘ consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectually preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Spirits, and for explaining such Part of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Penalties inflicted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, without Licence; and for taking away certain Powers granted by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence; And that Mr. Cooper, the Lord North, Mr.

Jlozv, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. , Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the

Vol. 32.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Svpplj. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty,’*

Navy for the Year 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eftinaate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and othet Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary in the Year 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1769, Lapd Service* be referred to the said Committee*

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Z Mr.

6 a — 50 Decenth^.1768,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee* That they had come to several Resolutionsj which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report bo received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Amy 1 The other Order of the Day being read;

Mutiny and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the crt, on* whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Barrington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Barrington reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

in Silver Plate, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Crosby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Crosby reported from the Committee,

That they had examined a Witness, and had directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Barrington, according to Order, reported Army? from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That there be prepared, in order to be laid Accmmt before this House, an Account of -the Drawbacks on Leather exported, from Christmas 1761, to Christmas 1768; distinguishing each Year.

Lunrs, 5* die Decembris;

Anno 90 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1768. Prayxrs.

Hefliuyfen’* TEWISDiedrick Hejhuyfen took the Oaths appointed,

Nat. " in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill to allow, for a further Time, the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Licences for retailing Liquors, &c.

Silver Plate used by Innkeepers.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectually preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Spirits; and for explaining such Part of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Penalties inflicted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable.Liquors, by Retail, without Licence; and for taking away certain Powers granted by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence: And the same was received; and read the Full Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1769, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1769.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the several Innholders, Vintners, and Alehouse Keepers, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Workers, Traders and Dealers,

*5

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marioe Forces, while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order,'reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow-ethj mz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four hundred and Ten thousand Two hundred Fifty-five Pounds, Eight Shillings, and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-two thousand Four hundred and Thirteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are pro-

Rice,

Marine

Forces.

Supply.

9 Geo. III.

5° — 6° De

jposed te be done upon the Meads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-seven thousand Nine hundred and Forty-seven Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charger of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One. thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-three thousand Eight hundred and Twelve Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House an Mean*. to rcf0jve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charley Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Wilkes. A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give Leave to the Earl of

, Sandwich, the Earl of , and the Earl Temple, to

come to the House of Commons, in order to be exa-, mined on the Allegations of the Petition of John,

Esquire, a Member of this House, complaining of several Grievances therein mentioned, on Monday next, when the Matter of the said Petition, and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King’s Bench, against the said Mr. are ordered to be

heard*

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do attend this House on Monday Morning next, with the original Informations in the same of John Wilkes, Esquire, together with the Rolls and the Nisi Prius Records respecting the fame.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. David Bell do attend this House

upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read*

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

New Ordered, That Mr. Beauclerk havie Leave to make: Streets^ Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Vox,. 32.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting,. and watching, the Streets and Lanes, in the Parish and Borough of New Windfotr, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nuisanees and Annoyances therein, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis> 6h die Decembris j

Anno, 9° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1768.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill to enable Henry Thomas Greening, Greening1* Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Gott, Name, pursuant to the Will of Mary Gott, deceased, was read thfe Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable Henry Thomas Greening, Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Go//, pursuant to the Will of Mary Goft, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Honourable Spencer , Doctor Crofgate

of Divinity, Dean, and the Chapter of Durham, of the Inclosure‘ Cathedral Church of Christ and Blessed Mary the Lords of the Manor or Borough of Crofgate, in the County of Durham} and also of the several Freeholders and Owners of ancient Burgages, situate and being within the said Manor and Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on the Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners of ancient Burgages, having Right of Common upon a certain Moor, or Common, and certain Inter-common Lands and Grounds, thereinafter-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there is a certain Moor, or Common, within and belonging to the said Manor or Borough, containing 200 Acres, or thereabouts* and that the said Dean and Chapter, as Lords of the said Manor, > are Owners of the Soil and that the Owners of ancient Burgages and the Proprietors of certain inclosed. Larues, within the said Manor, are entitled to certain Rights of Common upon the said Moor; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Moor, or Common, may be inclosed, and allotted unto and amongst the several Owners of ancient Burgages, entitled to Right of Common thereon j and that the said Inter-common Lands and Grounds may be freed and discharged from all Right of Inter-commoning the rein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition i And that Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Whichcot, and Mr. Vane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Roger Newdigate reported from the Committee, to Oxford whom the Petition of several Noblemen, whose Names to are thereunto subscribed, and the humble Petition of the Coventry Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, of the University of Oxford, of the Corporations of the Cities of Oxford and Coventry, and the Towns of Woodstock, Banbury, and Daventry, under their respective Common Seals*

and also of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Cities of , Coventry and Oxford, and the Counties of Oxford, - thampton, and Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter a of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered

it

88 6° Decembris. A. 17 6 S.

it in it the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vit.

To' prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Joseph Parker, a Surveyor, being examined, laid.

That by a Survey made by himself, he thinks it is practicable to make a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, near the City of Coventry, through or near the Several Places mentioned in the Petition, to the City of Oxford.

That there are great Quantities of Lime-stone near that Part of( the Canal, which will lead from Newboid upon Avon to Oxford, which at prtefent is useless, for

want of Coal to burn it; but that if the Canal is competed, Coal will be brought for that purpose; and that the Lime when burnt will be of great Use to the Farmers in manuring their Lands.

Thomas Walker, Esquire, being examined, said. That if the Navigation is completed, it will be a Means of extending Trade and Commerce; that the Inhabitants of Oxford, IVitney, Banb, and Places adjacent, are now under the Necessity of bringing divers Manufactures from Manchester, Coventry, and many other

Places by Land Carriage, which is now very high, and that the Price of Carriage will be considerably reduced by making this Canal; that the Farmers will be enabled to carry their Corn cheaper to Market; that it will be also of great Advantage to the County of Oxford, in the Article of Fuel, which is now bought at great Prices, and the Witness believes the Price of that Commodity will be reduced at lead One Half.

That the Roads are in general in very bad Repair, and in many Parts almost impassable; that if the Canal is completed, it will be a Means of keeping the Roads in much better Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford: And that Sir Roger digate, Mr. Page, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Conway, the Lord Wenman, Lord Robert Spencer, Mr. Gordon, Mr. Mr.

Serjeant Nares, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kftrefled A Petition of tire Prisoners in Warwick Gaol, on Debtors. Behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners confined in Prison: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Gaol of Leicester: And also,

Dkco. A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol, for the County and Town of ham;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

CSrencefier, Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, *c- to whom the Petition of several Trustees, whose Names

R-oaA are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an

Ad, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town -of Cirenceftet, in the County of to the Mo-

nument upon Lansdown, in the same County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions and had directed him to report the tame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it’ in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read, whereby it appeared, that the Trustees are

14

restrained from borrowing more than £.1,200 upontbe Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted.

And several Members present, said, That there is now owing on the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of £. 1,200, and that, according to an Estimate made of the Repairs necessary to be done to the Road, it will coll the further Sum of £. 1,400 and upwards; and they added. That the Road is at present much out of Repair, and that the present Debt cannot be discharged, and the Road put in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and the Ad made more eftldual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, amend, and render more elsedual, an Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of GJoucefier, to the Monument upon Lansdown, in the same County: And that Sir

William Codrington and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Roger Mofiyn presented to the House, according GreenfieM, to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Turn-pike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mofiyn, and from Mofiyn to Heullan, and from Uanerck yMar to Fordd Wain, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Roger Mofiyn presented to the House, according Denbigh, to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Town &c* of Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between Northop and oa Holywell, and from Avon Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint: And the same was received; and read the First. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending, widening, altering, clearing, Dorchester. and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the county of ; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool, to the said Borough; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bend,

Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for Naturalizing Lewis D Hefintyfen, was Heflmyten's read a Second Time. Nat.

Rtfohed, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Bond,

Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Persons entitled to, and inte- North relied in, the several Open Fields, Meadow?,. Fens, Hicfcham Pastures, Commons, and- Waste Grounds, in the Parish ^nc^urc* of North Hickham, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and other Proprietors in the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Fens, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated; and that, if the same were drained, divided, and inclosed in separate Allotments, to be made in Proportion to each Person’s intereli therein, and in Lieu of Tithes, the same would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. WhiMr. Wrottefiy,

&c,.

9 Geo*. III.

6" Decembr

89

Hilborowe

luclofujc.

Gloucester

and

Hereford

Roads.

Golford

Circtn,

&c.

Roads.

Offices

and

Employments.

he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Baconpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing #the Common Fields, Com mens, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hilborowe, in the County of Norfolk: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 33d Year of King the Second,

for repairing and widening the Road from towards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned;

and for amending several other Roads, near or adjoining to some of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening she Roads from the Turnpike Road, at Golford in

the Parish of Cranbrodke, to the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Sandhurjt, and from the Green near Benenden Church, to the Bull Inn, at Rolvenden Cross, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road, at Golford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Sand-hurfi, and from the Green near Benenden Church, to the Bull Inn, at Rolvenden Cross, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad-milfions have been omitted to be stamped, according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped: And that Sir John Turner and Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morfoty Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Way* and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Mean*, was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments,

Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Waleand the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Onfow, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Jenkinson,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Cooper, and Mr. Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Mr. Wilke*, desire that their Lordships will give Leave to the Earl of Sandzvich, and the Earl of March, to* come, on Monday next, to the House of Commons, in order to be examined as Witnesses on the Allegation in the Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, charging Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire,. then Solicitor to the Treasury, with having fubomed and bribed, with the Public Money, one Michael Curry, to give Evidence against the Petitioner at the Trials,* according to the Di-reftions of the said Mr. Webb.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the said Message.

Licences for A Bill for the more effectually preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Spirits; and for explaining such Part of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Penalties inflicted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Ex-cifeable Liquors, by Retail, without Licence; and for taking away certain Powers granted by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

HIcc. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow, for a further Time, the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair#

Mr. Garth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Garth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Vov. 32.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the fur- Cumberland ther Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, com- Election. plaining of an undue Election and Return for {he County of Cumberland,

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Henry,

Esquire, and for the several Freeholders in the County, of Cumberland, who, upon the 10th Day of November last, petitioned this House, complaining of an undue.

Election and Return for the said County, proceeded.

And several Parts of the Poll Books, taken at the last Election of Knights of the Shire for the said County, were read.

Then the said Counsel examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that the Sheriff of the said County, during the Time of taking the Poll, and at the doling of the Poll, promised to examine into the Rights of the Votes which had been taken with Queries on the Poll, and hear Counsel thereupon, at the Time to which *.he had adjourned the County Court; and that at such adjourned Court he reje'sted several of the Votes so queried, without such Examination or Hearing of Counsel; although Evidence was offered to establish the Rights of the said Voters, and Counsel attended him, and offered to be heard thereupon.

And the Counsel for Henry Fletcher, Esquire, and the said Freeholders of the County of Cumberland, having ' infilled, that the Majority upon the Close of the Poll

A a being

Silver Plate used by Innkeepers.

Niedrick’s Nat.

Bkdd'mgton

Ifidoiure.

Buckingham9

&c.

Roads

6° — 7° Decembris. 1768.

being for the said Henry Fletcher, he ought to have been returned -r and the said Counsel desiring the Directions of the House, in what Manner they were to proceed;

The Counfei on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Counsel do confine themselves at present to the Matter of the Return.

And the Counsel were again called ini and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Then the Counsel for Sir James Lowther were heard.'

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said several Petitions be adjourned till Thursday next,

at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the several Innholders, Vintners, and Alc-house Keepers, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed j and also, the Petition of several Workers, Traders, and Dealers, in Silver Plate, within the Cities of London and W and the weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 7* d Decembris;

Anno 90 Georgii III111 Regis, 1768.

County of Warwick, was referred, That the Committee

had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And it appeared, by an Account produced to your Committee, that there is now due, on the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of £. 475. And,

Thomas Walker, Esquire, being examined, said. That the said Roads are in very bad Condition, and cannot be amended and kept in Repair, and the Money due on the Credit of the said Act be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to Warmington, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr, Lowndes, Mr.

Tracey, the Earl Verney, Mr. Grenville, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Marlbcrorgh Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers ot an &c.

Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of King George the Roads* Second, for repairing the Roads from Marlborough to Shepherds Shord, and from Beckhampton to the Top of Cherill Hill, and from Avebury to Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wrought on, and from the North Side of Swindon to the Carpenters Arms in Blunfden, in the said County: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Praysrs.

AN ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Paul was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Paul Niedrick.

Ordered, That Mr. William Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ, in the University of Oxford, Proprietors of the Great and Small Tithes of the Parish of Bleddingitm, in the County of Gloucester, the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, of the University of Oxford, Ambrose Reddall, Esquire, John Pegler, Thomas Baker, John

Andrews, Christopher Rose, Thomas Stayt the Younger, and other Owners and Proprietors of the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common -able Lands and Waste Grounds, in the said Parish of Bleddington, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Property of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and very inconvenient; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the said Proprietors: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Tracey, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Southwell, and Mr. -row, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trullees for putting in Execution an . Act, made in the Seventeenth Year or the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to Warmington, in the *5

Lord Brownlozv Bertie presented to the House, ac- Snitterby, cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the several 111 0 re* Townships of Atterby, Snitterby, and Waddinghani, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received ;and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several unhappy Persons confined for Debt in the County Gaol of Norfolk: And also, tors*

A Petition of the poor unfortunate Debtors in the Gaol D* or Castle of Lincoln;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom Kimbolton the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields Inclosure and Common Grounds, in the Town ship of Stonely, in the Parish and Manor of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Mrs. Hemings, whom the Witness attended, but could not be admitted to her, (he being superannuated, and confined to her Bed; and that her interest amounted to about ao/. a Year; and except Havey Sparks, Esquire, who had consented to the Inclosure, and signed the Petition, but is since dead, who was possessed of about Four Acres of Land; and that the whole of the Lands to be inclosed are upwards of One thousand Acres;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to thf House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

African

Company.

Li t *

Rice*

Mr. Wilkes.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Reading

£le&ion.

Westrrtinster

Paving.

9 Geo. III. 7 Decem91

terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Aniehdments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed, that Mr. We/kett, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in 3 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1767, the Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence -under its proper Title."

And then he withdrew.*

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to# perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst, the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Garth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to allow, for a further Time, the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Jofefh Mawbey reported to the House, That he had, pursuant to their Order, been to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give Leave to the Earl of Sandwich, and the Earl of March, to come, on Monday next, to the House of Commons, in order to be examined as Witnesses, on the Allegation in the Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, charging Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, then Solicitor to the Treasury, with having suborned and bribed, with the Public Money, one Michael Curry, to give Evidence against the Petitioner at the Trials, according to the Directions of the said Mr. Webb; and that their Lordships will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the

Service of the Year 1769: And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1 ’ .

Ordered, That John Bindley, Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for tire Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks. *

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

The House being informed, that Mr. Box, from tire Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of Westminster, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Vol. 32.

Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament; made in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of , &c. from the

16th Day o{ December 1767 to the 23d Day of November 1768, both inclusive: And also,

An Account of all Contraband Agreements,:made by the said Commissioners, from the 25th Day of vember 1767 to the 23d Day of November 1768, both inclusive: And also,

Copies of the Accounts of the several Receivers to the Commissioners for paving, tec. from Lady Day 1767 tt> Lady Day 1768: And also,

A Copy of the general State of Account of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City and Liberty of from the

29th of August 1767 to the 10th Day of 1768.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time j was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j;

The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. . c

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ';

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command, . .;

N° 1. Copy of a Lettes from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Earl of Hill/borough, dated ad December 1768 ;inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Commodore Hood to Mr. Stephens, dated at Halif, 12th October 1768;

Copy erf a Letter from Colonel to Captaiin

1 ’ Smith, Commanding Officer of His Majesty’s Ships at Bofion, dated Bofion, 2d October 1768.

Copy of a Letter from Colonel Dalrymple to Commodore Hood, dated at Bofion, the 4th October 1768.

Copy of a Letter from Captain Smith, Commanding Officer of His Majesty’s Ships at Bofion, to Commodore Hood, dated <th October 1768. i

Copy

Salted Beef* &c«

Marine

Forces*

American

Colonies.

9 2 7° Decem . 1768.

C6py of a Diary kept by Captain Corner,.

Extrall of a Letter from Commodore Hood to Mr. Stephens, dated on Board the Viper Sloop, in Halifax Harbour, 43d, 1768.

Copy of a Letter from General Gage to Commodore Hood, dated at Boftau, 18th 1768:

And also,

x. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Eari of HiHfborvttgh, dated 14th,

1768.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred' to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon Monday the x8th Day of November last, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Army; An ingrossed Bill for punishingMutiny and Desertion, Modny and and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar-Desert,0D* ters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An All for punishing Mutiny and Desertion,' and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence.

Ike. A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town of Liverpool was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are particularly interested in the Bills now under the Cpnlideration of the House,

for continuing the Importation of Rice from our Colonies, of Wheat from Am and Salted Provisions from Ireland, for another Year, Duty-free; and alledging, that the Poor have been most happily relieved by the late free Importation of those Provisions: And praying that they may be continued. 1 '

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Northampton The House was moved. That the Order, made upon fifedioa. Friday last, for hearing at the Bar of this ^ouse, Tomorrow Morning, the Matter of the Petition of the honourable Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue Election and Return. for the Borough of might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard -At the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday Morning next.

American: A Petition of the Representatives of Freemen in Af-Colvniet, fijmbly of Penjylvania\; signed :by the Speaker, being offered to be presented to the House, which Petition dated that the Alb impefing Duties on them are injurious to the Rights of the Petitioners; that their Ancestors carried with them to America the natural and conditutional Rights ’ of Evgli/hSubjells, one of which is, that no Taxes, for the Purposes of Revenue, can be imposed upon them legally, but by Representatives chosen by themselves; that they shall enjoy no more than the mere Shadow of Liberty, while others exercise a Power, whenever they please, to take such Proportions of their Property as they think proper, without their Consent; that they have there a Legislature veiled with full Powers ' not only to support the internal Government of their Province, but of giving and granting to their Sovereign theneceffaty Aids, whenever required, for the general Security of His Majesty’s Dominions; dating also, That, should the Parliament of Great Britain continue to exercise a Power of imposing Taxes on His Majesty’s -Subjects, who are not, nor can be, represented in this House, their Property and Estates mud become preca-

rious, as they can have no conditutional Check on the Liberality in granting the m.

The House was moved, That an All, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for the better securing the Dependency of His Majesty’s Dominions in America upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain, might be read.

And the feme was read accordingly.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be brought up;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Mr. Wilke* Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of their Message to the Lords.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Messengers be acquainted, that the Commons, having sent several Mcflages this Day to the Lords to desire to know from their Lordships, upon the Subjell Matter of which Message their Lord ships do ddire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber.

The Messengers were again called in.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew. \

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montagu: '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subjell Matter of their Message of this Day to the Lords, desiring the Attendance of Two of their Members, to be examined as Witnesses, upon Monday next.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to manage the fai I Conference:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Joseph Maw-' bey, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Sir Williatn Me-

redith, General Conway, Mr. Burke, Lord North, Mr.

Stanley, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. fVedderburn, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Montagu, Mr, Blackstone,

Mr. Solicitor General, Sir George Savile, Colonel Mr. Rigby.

And the Names of the Managers were called over;

and they went to the Conference, *

And being returned;

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported the Conference.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration To-moirow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, American That an humble Address be presented-to His Majesty, Colouies. that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House; Copies of all the Royal Letters Patent, Charters, and Commissions, now subsisting and in Force, which have been given or issued, respecting the whole or any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions in America; together with Copies of all Or-

ders and Instructions, which have been given by His present Majesty, or by any Person or Persons ailing under His Authority, to any Officer or Officers, Civil or Military, relating to the Government of His Majesty’s Dominions aforesaid;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller*

9 Geo. III. 70 — 8° Decenibris. 93

Tel!crSror, heYcaS>|"-">

Tellers for the Noes,j Mj-0|/W, ]„7.

So it passed in the Negative.

American A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Colonun. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters and Affidavits which have been received since the First Day of January 1766, by any Person or Persons in Authority under His Majesty, from any of His Officers, Civil or Military, in in any wise relating to the Disputes or Distuibances there;

It passed in the Negative:

Account Ordered, That there be laid-.-before this House, an © ere , Account of the Net Produce of all Duties imposed, by Plantation^ any Act or Acts of Parliament, on His Majesty’s yfwe-rican Plantations, from the ill of January 1765,. to the presentTime; distinguishing the Payments made, by each Colony in every Year; arjd.of. all Charges.and Contingencies attending the Collectipo and Remittance of the said Duties.

Account Ordered, That there be laid. before this House, an ordered; Account of - the Value of all Goods, Wares, and . Mei> Port*i c* chandizes, exported from or imported into Great Britain., from Christmas 1766 to 1767; distinguishing

eath Place.

The other Order of the Day being read; ,

American Resolved, That this House will upon Morn-

Colonies. ing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by the Lord , upon Monday the 28th Day of November last, by His Majesty’s Command.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations Ol the said Petition, Mr. George Hodgkinson, being examined, said. That the several

Lands mentioned in the Petition, belong to a Number of Proprietors, whose Property lies intermixed and dif-perfect in ftpall Parcels, and inconveniently situated, so as to be incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the said Lands were drained, divided,- and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Meadows, Fens, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the parish of North Hick ham, in the County of Lincoln :. And that Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bull, and the Lord BroTbnlow Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

u Sir Edward AJlley reported from the Committee, td Whom the Bill for the repairing, improving, and better preserving, of the Harbour and Quay of Wells, in the County of Norfolk, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fastie to be true; and that' the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made'TeverarAmendments thereunto; which they had direifled him to report to the H.<ule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterr-wards delivered the Bill, with thd Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time* One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. 1

.A Petition of the Debtors, Prisoners ,in the County Gaol in Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, was pre-

fented to the House,. and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Jovis, 8° die Decembris;

Anno 9* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend that the Plan of the Bill depending, for erecting a Market House, and bolding a Market in the said Town, and preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town, would be greatly improved, if the Powers thereof were

Madraf*’ A N ingrafted Bill for Naturalizing George Madrass, extended to taking down the Signs and Sign Polls, and N*1- Jt\. was read the Third Time. - to the cleansing and removing all Annoyances, and In-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title croachments in the Streets of the said Town: And there-be, An Act for Naturalizing George Madrajs.' fore praying, That Provision may be made in the said

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Dovertdge Mr. Cavendijli presented to the House, according to sideration of.a Committee: And that they do examine *c* Order, a Bill to empower the Right Honourable Sir the Matter diereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear 01 Henry Cavendijli, Baronet, to shut up ce/tain Roads and to them, to the House:

a Foot Path, in the Parish of Doveridge, in the County And it is referred to Mr. Popham, General Irwine, &c.: of Derby; and to oblige him to make, and keep in And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Repair for the future, a new Road, and Foot Path, in Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to Lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read . fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, the First Time.

RJolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. , An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Grounds in the Township of North Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom Stonely, in the Parish and Manor of Kimbolton, in the Hickham the Petition of several Persons intitled to, and interested County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time, nc ° ure. |n> the several Open Fields, Meadows, Fens, Pastures, , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Hickham, in the County of Lincoln, was referred. That Fields and Common Grounds, in the Township of Stonely/, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said in the Parish and Manor of Kimbolton, in the County Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it ' Vol. 32. B b Ordered,

Wells . Harbour, &c.

Distressed

Debtors.

Taunton

Market.

Kimbolton

Inclosure.

Willey

Inclosufe.

Rice.

Silver Plate

l) fed by

Innkeepers.

94

8° Decembr

A. 1768.

Ordered, That Mr. Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common fields. Commonable Lands, Common, Arable, Meadow, Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willey, in the County of , was committed.

That the Committee had examined tl^ Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendriients, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to allow, for a further Time, the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from His Marie fty’s Colonies in North Amer was read the Third Tipie.

Resolved', "fhat the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be. An Act to allow, for a further Time, the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America.

Ordered, That Mr. Garth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Mr. Alderman Crosby, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the several Innholders, Vintners, and Alehouse Keepers, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of several Workers, Traders, and Dealers, in Silver Plate, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; That he was directed, by the Committee, to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, as restrains any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualling House, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors by Retail, from publicly using any Wrought or Manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, except Spoons.

And Mr. Alderman Crosby moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for - repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, as restrains any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualling House, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, from publicly using any Wrought or Manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, except Spoons: And that Mr. Alderman , Mr. Alderman Trecothick, and Sir Charles , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said , Bill, that they do make Provision therein, for putting . an End- to such Prosecutions, as may have been commenced for Offences against such Parts of the said Act. *7

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Land Tax* Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1769, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Roger Newdtgate presented to the House, according Oxford

to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable lo Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near CanalT the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxjord: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition Of William Waljh, Esquire, heretofore called Walfli*®

William Moseley, wis presented to the House, and read; Name. Setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Uncle Waljh,

Esquire, deceased, did, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-six, give and devise certain Estates therein mentioned, after paying several Debts,

Legacies, and Annuities, to Trustees therein named, fh Trust for the Petitioner for Life, and to the Heirs of his Body, with a Proviso, that whoever should come into Possession of the said Estates under his said Will,

.should take upon himself and use the Surnatne of Waljh, and did direct an Application to be made for an Act of Parliament to establish the same upon him; artd that the Petitioner is come into Possession of the said Estates under the said Will, and hath taken upon himself the Surname of Waljh-, and is desirous, that the Surname and Arms of Waljh may be confirmed upon him and his Tflue by Authority of Parliament: And therefore playing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enaWe him and his Issue to take and'use the Surname and Arms of Waljh.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Gilbert and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Marin®

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Force*

the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while onShore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into' Mf* Consideration the Report of the Conference held Yesterday with the Lords, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth;

That the Lords, constantly desirous that all good Intelligence and right Understanding should be maintained between the Two Houses, and considering that nothing can tend more effectually thereunto, than a close Adherence to the ancient and regular Methods of Proceeding between the Two Houses," have desired this Conference to communicate fothe House of Commons, that, upon Inspection of Precedents, this House is of Opinion, that the Message' sent from the House of Commons for Two Peers tb alttfnd them, in order tol>e examined as Wit-

nefies.

.Cumberland

Election.

WlcWrefex

Ekdion.

9 Geo. III. 8° — 9° Decetnbris. 95

nesses, is not agreeable to the ancient and regular Course of Parliament.

And taking into their Consideration how much their Honour is concerned ' in the Imputation, contained in the said Message against Two Members of their House, they desire to be informed, what Grounds have been laid before the House of Commons for suspecting Two Peers of being privy to the Subornation of Evidence with the public Money.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That a Committee be

appointed, to draw up what may be proper to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference on the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference be the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. OnflowMr. , and Mr.

be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That the Report of the Conference held' Yesterday with the Lords, be referred to the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Cumberland.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the ’Counsel for Sir James Lowther proceeded, and produced Copies of several Resolutions of the Sheriff of the said County, which he published during the Course of the Poll, with relped to what Species of Votes should be admitted, and what should be rejected, at the said Election.

And the said Counsel examined several Witnesses, in order to shew upon what Occasion the said Sheriff came to several of such Resolutions; and that the same were made without respect to any of the Candidates.

Then the said Counsel having flated the Number of Votes that were queried upon the Poll;

They examined a Witness, in order to shew upon what Grounds the said Sheriff queried such Votes.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the County of Middlesexattended at the Door, and desired

to communicate lomethingjo this House;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, that a numerous, daring, and outrageous Mob appeared this Day at Brentford, at the Election of a Knight of the Shire for the said County; obstruded the Freedom of the said Election; and had, by Force and Violence, prevented the said Sheriffs from going on with the Poll; that several of the Poll Books were missing; and that the said Sheriffs had adjourned the Poll till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock: And therefore they did apply to this House, for their Directions how they should proceed, in taking the said Poll; and did desire the Protection of this House.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That the Sheriffs for the County of Middlesex be again called in; and that Mr. Speaker do inform them, that this House doth highly approve of their Conduct, in making Application for the Directions of this House, how they shall proceed on account of the daring and outrageous Mob, which appears this Day to have interrupted the Freedom of the Election for the said County.

That they immediately do every Thing in their Power to recover all the Poll Books, if possible; but, if that cannot be done, that they do apply to the Cheque Clerks of each Candidate for the Books kept by them; and

VOL £Z.

inform such Clerks, that it is the Order of this House, that they do produce and deliver the same to them.

That they do compare the said Books, and report to this House on Saturday Morning next the State thereof.

That they do repair Tomorrow Morning to the Place of Polling, pursuant to their Adjournment; and do then further adjourn the said Poll to Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

That they do apply to the Magistrates of the County of > Middlesex and acquaint them, that it is the Order of this House, that the said Magistrates do attend the said Election, and do appoint a proper Number of Constables, and take every other Means in their Power, to preserve the Peace and Freedom of the said Election.

And that Mr. Speaker do assure the said Sheriffs of the Support and Protection of this House, in the Execution of their Duty; and that this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against any Person who shall dare to violate the Freedom of the said Election.

And the said Sheriffs were again called in; and*Mr.' Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Order be forthwith printed and published.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually preventing the clandef-tine Importation of Foreign Spirits.; and for explaining such Part of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Penalties inflicted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, without Licence; and for taking away certain Powers granted by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 90 die Decembris;

Anno 9* Georgii III. H Regis, 17684

PraVers.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Newgate, in the Town and County of the Town of Newcafl/e-upon-Tyne, was presented to the House,

and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

9

An ingrossed Bill for the repairing, improving, and better preserving, of the Harbour and Quay of Wells, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the repairing, improving, and better preserving, of the Harbour and Quay of Wells, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edward AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alexander Pop/iam reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Principal Inhabitants of the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, 09 Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was readand is as followeth; viz.

To

Licences for retailing Liquors.

Distrelled

Debtors.

Wells

Harbour.

Taunton

Market.

9° Decembris.

A. 1768.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John IVebb, Esquire, said. That if the Powers of the Bill brought into the House, for Erecting a Market House, and holding a Market, in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town, were extended to the taking down the Signs and Sign Polls, and to the cleansing and removing all Annoyances and Incroachmentsin the Streets of the said Town, it would be a general Advantage to the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons retorting the reto: And the Witness apprehends the Plan of the Bill would be greatly improved thereby; but the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting a Market-house, and holding a Market, in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and for preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town; and for the better lighting Part of the said Town; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for taking down the Signs and Sign Polls, and for the cleansing and removing all Annoyances and Incroachments in the Streets of the said Town.

Offices Ordered, That Mr. Bacon be added to the Gentle-

a,<J men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill p oyments. indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped, according to Law, or, having been damped, have been loll or mif-laid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admilfions duly damped.

Chamberlain’s of London’s Accounts.

The House being informed, that Mr. , from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of at tended

at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Dayot July 1768: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Acts for building and completing the Bridge at Black Friars, from the 18th Day of September 1767, exclusive, to 28th September 1768, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London, from the 28th September 1767, exclu-iive, to the 28th September 1768, inclusive: And also. An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for repairing the Royal Exchange, in the City of London, from the 28th September 1767, exclusive, to the 28th September1 768, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for embanking Part of the River Thames, from the 28th September 1767, exclusive, to the 28th of September 1768, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, from the 28th September 1767, exclusive, to the 28th September 1768, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Offic«» Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Or-Empioymenti. ^er, a Billt0 iademnify such Persons as have omitted

to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admilfions have been omitted to be {lamped, according to Law, or, having been {lamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admilfions duly stamped: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Northampto* Wednesday last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, £leitloa‘ upon Tuesday Morning next, the Matter of the Petition

of the honourable Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of,

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 19th Day of January next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for . the House Salted to refqlve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®eet» &c* upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for,

Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited

Time; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Meredith took the Chairof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Meredith reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill for the Regulation ‘of His Majesty’s Marine Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read the Third Force*. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Land Tax. the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1769, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee*, that they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1767, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1769.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chairof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments

Ways and Means.

Licences for retailing Liquors.

Privilege.

Mr. Wilkes.

p Gf.o. III. 9" Decembris. 97

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House' to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Spirits; and for explaining such Part of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Penalties inflicte'd upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, without Licence; and for taking away certain Powers granted by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,-That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. William Clarke do attend this House Upon Monday Morning next.

A Complaint being made to the House, of a seditious and infamous printed Paper, intituled, " The Speech of " Oliver Cromwell at the Dissolution of the Long Parliament," which was Buck up this Morning in Bond Street, by one Dennis Shade, who has been apprehended, and is committed to Prison, by John Spinage, Esquire, one of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of W stminster;

The said Paper was delivered in at the Table; and read.

Ordered, That the said Dennis Shade be brought up in Custody Tomorrow Morning, to the Bar of this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the said John Spinage, Esquire, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Joseph Thornton, Milk-feller, do attend this House at the same Time.

Sir Joseph Mawhey reported from the Committee, appointed to draw up what may be proper to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, on the Subject Matter of the last Conference, That the Committee had accordingly drawn up what may be proper to be offered to the Lords at a Conference; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the fame in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That the Commons, who are equally delirous with their Lordships of preserving all good Intelligence and right Understanding between the Two Houses, and of maintaining the closest Adherence to the ancient and regular Course of parliamentary Proceedings, have taken into Consideration the Answer of their Lordships to the Message sent from the Commons on last,

Vox.. 32.

desiring that Two Peers might have Leave to attend, to be examined as Witnesses in the House of Commons.

The Propriety of that Practice, by which each House of Parliament, having Matters under their Consideration, Wherein the Testimony of Members of the other House might be materially wanted, has been reciprocally accustomed to desire the Attendance of such Members, the Commons understand to be so well warranted, not only by every Principle of parliamentary Proceeding, but also by ancient Usage, that they are not willing to suppose, that their Lordships could mean to object uhiver-sally to the receiving a Message for such Purpose from the Commons: And as their Lordships have not thought fit to specify any particular Grounds of Exception, either to any of the Circumstances attending the Message, or the Terms in which it is conveyed, the Commons are at some loss to conceive in what respect their Message can be supposed to deviate from the ancient and regular course of Parliament.

With respect to that Part of their Lordships Answer, whereby they desire to know what Grounds have been laid before the House of Commons, for suspecting Two Peers of being privy to the Subornation of Evidence with public Money, the Commons observe, that as no Grounds were laid before them for entertaining any such Suspicion concerning the Two Peers, so no such Suspicion was entertained by the Commons; nor do they conceive, that their Message to the Lords could reasonably be thought to convey such an Imputation.

The said Report being read a Second Time;

The Amendment following was proposed to be made thereto; viz.

To leave out some" and insert44 a" in (lead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " some" stand Part of the said Report;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word 44 a" be inserted irsstead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Report, thus amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Commons, whp are equally delirous with their Lordships of preserving all good Intelligence and right Understanding between the Two Houses, and ot maintaining the closest Adherence to the ancient and regular Course of parliamentary Proceedings, have taken into Consideration the Answer of their Lordships to the Message sent from the Commons on Wednesday last, desiring that Two Peers might have Leave to attend, to be examined as Witnesses in the House of Commons.

The Propriety of that Practice, by which each House of Parliament, having Matters under their Consideration, wherein the Testimony of Members of the other House might be materially wanted, has been reciprocally accustomed to desire the Attendance of such Members, the Commons understand to be so well warranted, not only by every Principle of parliamentary Proceeding, but also by ancient Usage, that they are not willing to suppose, that their Lordships could mean to object universally to the receiving a Message for such Purpose from the Commons: And as their Lordships have not thought fit to specify any particular Grounds of Exception, either to any of the Circumstances attending the Message, or the Terms in which it is conveyed, the Commons are at a lots to conceive in what respect their Message can be supposed to deviate from the ancient and regular Course of Parliament.

With respect to that Part of their Lordships Answer, whereby they desire to know what Grounds have been laid before the House of Commons, for suspecting Two Peers of being privy to the Subornation of Evidence with public Money, the Commons observe, tl\at as no Grounds were laid before them for entertaining any such Suspicion concerning the Two Peers, so no such Suspicion was entertained by the Commons; nor do they

C c conceive.

[ Bay«rltch« ] I Staatobfblfottwk I I Mlneti*n J

98 Decembris. 1768.

conceive, (hat their Message to the Lords could reasonably be thought to convey such in Imputation.

Ordered \That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do go to the Lords, and defife the said Conference.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Quiet of the The Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an. Act Subjects. made the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

2<th Day of January next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till. Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 10° Decembris;

Anno 9* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1768. Prayers.

Distrefed A Petition of the poor distressed Debtors, confined in Debtors. Jl\. His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, in the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Jitrer Plate Mr. Alderman Crosby presented to the House, accord-uftdby ing to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, Innkeepers. mac]e in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King 1 William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, as restrainsany Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualling House, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, from publicly using any Wrought or Manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or VdTel thereof, except Spoons} and for put* ting an End to Prosecutions commenced for Offences against such Part of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Load Tax. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be (aised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1769, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he - read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

' and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Willey An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Common, Arable, Meadow, Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willey, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Common, Arable, l5

Meadow, Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wdley, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of Yaflc, to New Malt on, and from thence to Scarborough, in the ' '

North Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitioaj and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And Mr. George Skepper, being examined, said. That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Road; and that the Trustees have borrowed, upon the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of £.8000, which still remains due, and cannot, with the Interest thereupon, be discharged, and the said Road be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the said Act be further continued and amended, and the Powers, thereby granted, be enlarged.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to New Mallcn, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid: And that Sir and Mr.

Cooper do prepate, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the-Committee of the whole House, to whom the jLkjuanT* Bill for the more effectually preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Spirits; and for explaining such Part of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Penalties inflicted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, without Licence; and for taking away certain Powers granted by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, ppon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Sheriffs of Middlete* the County of Middlesex to report to the House this £^u*n* Morning the State of the Poll Books mentioned in the said Order;

And the House being informed, that the said Sheriffs attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, informed the Hoqfe, that they had, in Obedience to the Order of the House of 'Thursday last, adjourned the Poll for the Election of a Knight of the Shire for the said County, until Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock; and that they had recovered all the Poll Books which were missing at the Adjournment of the said Poll upon Thursday last.

And

9 Geo. III. i o° — 12°

And they were examined as to the Condition of the said Books, by what Persons the said Books were delivered to them, and in whole Custody they had been since Tkur/day last.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Sheriffs be again called in; and that Mr. Speaker do acquaint them, that they are directed, by this House, to proceed to the Place of polling for a Knight of the Shire for the said County, on Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock; and that they do then further adjourn the said Poll to Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock; and do, in the mean Time, take the bed Means in their Power of satisfying themselves, on. Examination, whether the Poll Books have been altered or not; and that they do not proceed in the further taking of the said Poll, till they shall have received full Satisfaction that no Alterations have been made in the said Poll Books.

' And the said Sheriffs were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Order be forthwith printed and

published.

Privilege. Dennis Shade was, according to Order, brought up in Custody to the Bar of the House, and examined, in relation to a seditious and infamous Paper, intituled, The Speech of Oliver Cromwell at the Dissolution of the Long Parliament," which was (tuck up Yesterday in Bond Street by him; who said, he was hired to do it by Joseph ’Thornton.

And then he was directed to be taken from the Bar.

And the said Joseph Thornton attending, according to Order; he was called in; and, at the Bar, coitfeffed, that he gave Directions to the said Dennis to (tick up

the said Paper; but that he did not think it was an Offence; and begged Pardon of the House.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Joseph Thornton has been guilty of hiring Dennis Shade to affix, in a Public Place in this Town, a seditious and infamous Paper, intituled, " The Speech of Oliver Cromwell at " the Dissolution of the Long Parliament," with a View of inflaming the Minds of the People at this Time; against the Honour, and in Breach of the Privilege, of this House.

Ordered, That the said Joseph Thornton be, for his said Breach of Privilege, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do ifl’ue his Warrants accordingly.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Salted Beef, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the *c. whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act,

made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time; was committed; be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Wilkes. Ordered, That Mr. Rigby have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

Ard he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order made upon the ill

Day of thislnstant December, forbearing, at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next, the Matter of the Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King's Bench, against the said John Wilkes, Esquire, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Vol. 32.

Decembris. 99

Ordered, That the Matter of -thefeid Petition, and of the said Proceedings, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Friday the 2/th Day of January next.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend this House upon Monday Morning next, do attend this House upon Friday the 27th Dayol January next,.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Thursday the ift Day of this Instant December, for the Marshal of the King's Bench to bring John W, Esquire, in Custody, to the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next, if the said Mr. Wilkes shall desire to be so brought up, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison do bring the said. John Wilkes, Esquire, in Custody, to the Bar of this House, upon Friday the 2.7th Day of January next, if the said Mr. Wilkes shall desire to be so brought up.

Ordered, That the several Members of this House, who were ordered to attend in their Places upon Monday Morning next, do attend in their Places upon Friday the 27th Day of January next.

Ordered, That Copies of the above Orders be sent to the said Mr. Wilkes.

And then the Ffoufe adjourned till Morri-

ing, Nine of the Clock.

Dunce, 12* die Decembris 5

Anno 9* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1768.

Praters.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Gloucesster

made in the 33d Year of King the Second, a,*d for repairing and widening the Road from Roj<j°,r.

towards ’Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for amending several other Roads, near or adjoining to some of the said Roads; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Alderman Crosby, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Maynard reported from the Committee, to Harlow Bulk whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are Common thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace for,

the County of Essex, and Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of King George the Eirft, and the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part ef Hatlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex, was referred, ThaC the Committee bad examined the‘Matter of the said Petition t and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme yvas read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present being examined, informed your Committee, that he is an acting Trustee under the said Acts.

That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said first mentioned Act, Part of which (till remains due.

That the said Acts are near expiring; and that therefore the tyloney remaining unpaid, and the Interest thereon, cannot be discharged, and the said Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term in the said Acts be enlarged.

That he apprehends, that if some of the Provisions of , the

Blcddington

ludofure.

Dovcridge

Roads,

He(huyfcn*s

Nac

Greenfield,

See.

Road*

Denbigh,

&c.

Road.}

Marlborough

See.

Roads.

Silver Plate ui‘cd by Xauiueepers.

IOO

12° Decembris.

A. 1768.

the said A As were altered and amended, it would be for the Benefit of the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of King George the First, and the Sixteenth Year of his late- Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow in the

Parish of Harlow, to Woodfordin the County of

And that Sir William Maynard, Mr. Garth., Mr. , and Sir Anthony Abdy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Tracey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bleddington, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to empower the Right honourable Sir Henry Caveudish, Baronet, to shut up certain Roads and a Foot Path, in the Parish of D, in the County of Derby; and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, a new Road, and Foot Path, in Lieu thereof; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Freeman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. John Darner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalizing Lewis Diedrick was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Bill for repairing, the Road from the Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limit, of the Township of Moflyn, and from Mofiyu to Henllan and from Lanerchy more to Pen y Fordd Wain, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Roger Moflyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Avon Wen to the Town of in

the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pryce, Sir Roger Moflyn, &c.: And they are meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Marlborough to Shepherds Shord, and from Beckhampton to the Top of Cherill Hill, and from Avebury, to Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts', and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury, to Wroughton, and from the North Side' of Swindon, to the Carpenters Arms in Bbtnfden, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Alderman Crosby, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, as retrains any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Ale-hoqfe,

or Victualling House, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, from publicly uling any Wrought or Manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, except Spoons; and for putting an End to Prosecutions commenced for Offences against such Part of the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolned, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir William Meredith, according to Order, reported Salted from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Beef» &c* Bill to continue an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the lieign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time; was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendmen, be ingrafted.

Mr. Onslow reported, that he had, according to Order, Mr. Wiio. been at the Lords, to desire a Conference; and that the Lords will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

An ingrafted Bill for the more effectually preventing Licence* the clandestine Importation of Foreign Spirits; and for f°T retailing explaining such Part of an Act, made in the Fifth Year ^fcUjrs" of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Penalties instifted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, without Licence; and for taking away certain Powers granted by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 33. After might" to insert " have been."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectually preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Spirits; and for explaining such Part" of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Penalties inflicted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, without Licence; and for taking away certain Powers granted by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Mr. WOfce. Browning:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords do agree to a Conference with this House, as deftred j and appoint it presently, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the Managers do further acquaint the Lords, that this House has adjourned the Hearing the

Matter

9 Geo. III.

Matter of the Petition of Joh bn’one

of the Allegations in which Petition they had desired the Earl of Sandwich and the Earl of March, to comb to the House of Commons this Day* to be examined as Witnesses, to Friday, the 27th Day of January next; and that therefore this House doth desire, that the Lords will give Leave to the Earl of and the Earl of March to come to the House of Commons, on Friday, the 27th' Day of January next, to be examined as Witnesses, on the Matter of the said Allegation.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported, That the Managers had met the Lords at a Conference, and had left with their Lordships what this House had directed them.

ioi

Curing and sighing the fastise, neit after-ttayTh all have examined thi Mattfer of the Petition of Thomas Thorotoh and Charles Amble)-, Esquires, complaining of an undue EledUbn and Retutn for the Borough of Bromberg in the County of Suffiek.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

12* — 130 'Decembrls.

Supply:

Privilege*

and

Elections.

’ply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Ma-Tax. jefl-y by a Lanj Tax, to be raised in Great

for the Service of the Year 1769, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:-And that the Title . be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service of the Year 1769.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

_ Poole The House being informed, that the Committee of Ek&ion. Privileges and Elections had examined the Matter of the Petition of Joseph GulJIon, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, to them referred, and had come ' to several Resolutions thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Chairman of the said Committee do report to this House the Matter of the said Petition, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, 'before they report the Matter of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, or any Examination into the Manner of procuring and signing the said Petition;

The House was moved, That the Petition of Joseph GulJIon, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of November last, and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto fiib-scribed, being Electors for Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, which was presented to the House upon the '22d Day of the same Month, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon, might be read.

' And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Instruction, which, upon the 2d Day of this Instant December, was given to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, for examining into the Manner of procuring and signing of the last. mentioned Petition, before they examine the Matter thereof, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Chairman of the said Committee, do report to tjiis House the Matter of the Petition of Joseph GulJIon, Esquire, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, before they report the Matter of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, or any Examination into the Manner of procuring and signing the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said last mentioned Petition, and examine the Manner of pro-Vol. 32.

i..» ,1 . 1 — 1 . ....

Mortis, 130 dieDecembris;

Anno 9® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1768;

Prayers.

A Petition of the Gentlemen* Gleigy, Freeholders, pool> &c and others, residing in or near the Towns of Roads. Pool, Newtown, Llanidloes, Machynlleth, Llahfyllin, and

Llanfair, in the County of Montgomery, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Roads leading from the Vicarage House in Pool, through the River Rltiew, and the Village of* Berriew, to Bridge, and from thence on both Sides the River Severn, to Newtown and Penftrowed and Llanddainum, by Ber-thddu, to the said Town of Llanidloes, and from thence, through Uangerrig, to Steddfagerrig, and from Newtown, through Aberhavefp, to Machynlleth, and from Newtown, through Kerry, to the Moat, near

Bishops Castle, and from Pool, through Uanfair and Llanervil, to Can Office, over through

Mallwydd Cenrnes, and Machynlleth aforesaid, to the R iver Llyfnant, and from Machynlleth, to Llanidloes, and from Mallwydd, to Llanwyrn, and over Dovy Bridge, to' Machynlleth aforesaid; and also the Road from over Coed Oer It Common, by Ty Cock, over Bridge,^md to the New Bridge on the Turnpike Road, leading from Pool, to Owefiry; and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, between Pool and Owejlry, in the Township of Garth, through Croejllwyd Brook, to Ponlefcowrhyd Bridge, over Bwich-y Kibbe, through Llanfyllin, by Penygarnedd, through Llangynnog, to Mill-

tirgerrigyand also the Road from the Turnpike Road, at Mardu, leading from Pool, to Ozvejlry, through Llandrinio, over a Bridge intended to be built actofs the River Severn, through the Townships of Baufly, and Alder bury, to the Turnpike Road, leading from Shrewsbury to Pool, in the several Counties of Salop, Montgomery, and Merioneth, are ruinous and dangerous, and in several Parts thereof very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Means provided by Law; and that there is a Road leading under Penyrallt Hill, by Piftill Gwyn, into the Road from Machynlleth aforesaid, to Dolguog, and also a Road leading up the Brook Lledan, behind the said Town of Pool, to Stondart, which Roads are of little or no Use ta Travellers, and may be stopped up without Prejudice to them; and taking Notice, That, by an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty; for amending and widening federal Roads, leading from the Town of Bijl/op’s Castle, and other Roads inr th6 Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, Power is given to erect a Turnpike, or Toll-house, on ar.y Pact of the Road leading' from the said Town of Pool, to D d. the

Bast India Trade,

Hefhuyfen's

Nan

Supply Bill; Main See.

Niedrick's

Nab

Schneider'*

Nati

Hilborowe Inc loin re.

t&2 I3° becem\ 1768.

the Division of- the Two &oads in the Township of SCyddyn Pridd, leading from Pool to , and

from Pool to Newtown aforesaid, from whence great Inconveniences may arise to most of the Inhabitants reading in the several Parishes situated between the said Division, and the remote Parts of the said County of Montgomery: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the several Roads before mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall ieem meet* and also that Provision may be made in the same Bill, for (topping up the Roads before-mentioned, reserving to the Occupiers of f^ands contiguous to the same free Passage to and from their Lands; and also that so much of the before-mentioned Act, as relates to giving the Commissioners therein named the Power therein before described, be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be Referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Principal Merchants and Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Liverpool, was present -ed to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observing that His Majesty, in His most Gracious Speech, has recommended to Parliament the Confederation of the great Commercial Interests which had been entered upon in the preceding Session, humbly apprehend, that the House will soon resume the important Object of the Trade between Asia and Europe-, and that the Petitioners hope, that the said immense Fund of Commercial Industry, Power, and Profit, may be put on as broad a National Foundation as it is capable of, and has been found to be capable of, to the establishing of the Wealth and Power of a Neighbouring Country; and the more (b, as the opulent Territories lately added to the British Possessions in Asia were acquired by the Bravery of the British Troops, and at a prodigious Expence to the Public; and that the Petitioners, in order to extend and participate this Trade, are ready to conform to such Terms and Regulations as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill for Naturalizing Lewis Diedrick Hejhuyfen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing Lewis Diedrick Hejhuyfen.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing PaulNiedrick, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing John Henry Schneider, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Field?, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hilborowe, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time,

14

Bxfihied, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Bacon* Mr. Miles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoop, at Five of the Clock, in tire Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and others, of the Counties of York and Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in tire Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, certain Commissioners therein named, and their Successors, were impowered to extend the Navigation of the River Colder, from Wakefield, in the said County of

York, to or near to Sowerby Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax 1 and to make navigable the River Hebble, Halig, or Halifax Brook, from Brooks Mouth, to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the said County; and that, in Pursuance of the said Act, the said Navigation hath been completed to Brooks Mouth, and Salter Hebble Bridge, and hath been found of very great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and to Trade in general; and that, in 1767 and 1768, not long after the said Navigation bad been so opened, several very great and uncommon Floods happened in the said River, which so greatly damaged the Works, as to put a Stop to the Navigation upon the said River; and the same hath ever since been totally obstructed, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners and the Public; and that the Petitioners are informed, that the Money already lent on the Credit of the said Act is expended, and, the present Security being so very precarious, no Persons will risque any more Money upon the Credit of the present Act, so that the Peti tioners are likely to be deprived of the Advantages which would arise to them, from making and completing the said Navigation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for securing tD the present Subscribers the Money they have already advanced, and for giving feme Encouragement to Persons to advance a competent Sum of Money, for completing the said Navigation, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall appear rood: proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord John Sir George

Savile, &c. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for extending the Navigation of the River Colder, to or near to Sowerby Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the River Hebble, Halig, or Halifax Brook, from Brooks Mouth, to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have lent and advanced several considerablo Sums of Money, for the Purpose of extending and improving the said Navigation, in Consequence of which the same hath been made and completed, from Wakefield to Brooks Mouth, and Salter;

and all the necessary Locks have been built, and a considerable Progress made in the Cuts and other Works, for continuing the said Navigation to Sowerby Bridge-, and that, in October 1767, and in February last, the Cuts, and many of the Locks, Bridges, and other. Works, of the said Navigation, which had been made at a very great Expence, were almost totally destroyed and washed away by the violent and uncommon Floods which happened in those Months; and that, after the said Works had been so destroyed, they were again put in Repair, and several new additional Works were made at a very great Expence, and the said Navigation

again

Calder

Navigation.

Ditto.

5;rvfr Plate

uitrd by Innkeepers.

T aimton

Market.

9 Geo. Ill; i i* Decetnbriiiid|

agairi restored; but that, not many Days after the ^Order That the BUI. With the Amendments, be same bad been completed, they were again, in the Month ingrafted, of June last, so gteatly damaged by the Flood which

then happened, that the Navigation is at this Time A Message from the Lords; by Mr. and Mr.

entirely destroyed; and that several Meetings have been Browning:

field, and every Method tried, in order to raise more Mr. Speaker,

Money for putting the said Works in Repair, and The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lloyd'*

opening the said Navigation, but no Person will venture veiling Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend Estate*

to advance any more Money upon-so hazardous an Lloyd, Clerk, in Trustees, for railing Money to discharge Undertaking; so that, unless some Means can be found, the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, affecting the to induce Persons to advance Money for completing the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to fa'd Works, and restoring the said Navigation, all the which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Money which hath been advanced for so useful a Work And then the Messengers withdrew.

.will be loft: And therefore praying the House to take And the said Bill was read the first Time.

.the Premil'es into Consideration, and to grant the Peti- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

-tioners such Relief as the Nature of the same shall appear to deserve. The House being informed, that Mr. from Aecouat

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, Vc.

federation of the Committee, to whom the last preceding he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Mat- pursuant to their Order,

ter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall ap- An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and pear to them, to the House. Merchandize^exported from or imported into,

from Christmas 1766, to 1767; distinguishing

A Petition of several Innholders, Alehouse Keepers, each Place, and Victuallers, within the Borough of Grantham, in And then he withdrew.

the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunder And the Title of the said Account was read: subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

Setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed a Pe- 1° be perused by the Members of the House;

tition of the several Innholders, Vintners, and Alehouse The said Account is preserved amongst the other Pa-

Keepers, and also a Petition of the several Workers, pers of this Session.

Traders, and Dealers, in Silver Plate, within the Liberties of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills Ordered, That this House be called over upon TkurJ- Call of the of Mortality, for a Repeal of so much of an Act, made day the 26th Day of January next. House.

in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Ordered, That such Members of this House as do not Third, as restrains Victuallers from publicly uling or then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at exposing Wrought Plate (Spoons excepted); and that Arms attending this House. the Petitioners conceive, that an entire Repeal of the

laid Restriction will greatly encrease His Majesty’s Re- The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Cumberland venue, by the Payment of the Rates and Duties which further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, Ekfikxu will Yearly arise, by permitting the public Use of Silver complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Plate in the Houses of every Innholder, Vintner, and County of Cumberland.

Alehouse Keeper, throughout the Kingdom of Great And the 'Counsel were called in.

Britain: And therefore praying the House to take the And the Counsel for Sir James examined

Premises-into Consideration, and grant such Relief there- several Witnesses, in order to shew upon what Grounds in as to the House shall seem meet. the Sheriff of the said County took the Votes of several

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Persons with Queries; and also to shew that the said sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to Sheriff gave no Assurances, either during the Time of whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Poll, or at the Close thereof, that he would receive the Seventh and Eight Years of the Reign of King any further Evidence, or hear Counsel, with respect to the William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the Votes so queried, at the Time to which he had adjoum-bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the cd the County Court; and also to prove that the said further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the King- Sheriff declared himself ready to grant a Scrutiny, if it dom, as restrains any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, was demanded.

Alehouse, or Victualling House, or felling Wine, Ale, And the said Counsel having referred to a Member of Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, from publicly this House, to give the House an Account of what passed uling any Wrought or Manufactured Plate, or any the Day the Poll was finished, and also on the Day td Utensil or Vessel thereof, except Spoons; and for putting which the Sheriff had adjourned the Court; an End to Profecufions commenced for Offences against The said Member did, in his Place, inform the House such Part of the said Act; is committed. of what he knew concerning that Matter.

Then the Counsel for Sir James Lowther summed up Mr. Alexander Popham reported from the Committee, their Evidence upon the Matter of the Return, to whom the Bill for erecting a Market-house, and And one of the Counsel for the Petitioner, Henrj holding a Market, in the Town of Taunton, in the Fletcher, Esquire, and for the several Freeholders in the County of Somerset, and for preventing the holding of County of Cumberland, who upon the loth Day of No* any Market in the Streets of the said Town; and for the vember last, petitioned this House; complaining of ad better lighting Part of the said Town; was committed; undue Election and Return for the said County, was That the Committee had examined the Allegations of heard, by Way of Reply;

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the And then the Coudfel dtl both Sides were directed Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several to withdfaw.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Order That the further Hearing of the Matter of to report to the House; and he read the Report in his the said Petitions be adjourned till Thursday next, at Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- Twelve of the Clock, hients, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, The other Order of the Day being read;

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, American

thereupon, were agreed to by the House; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Colooie*.

\ol. j2. consider1

104 13 — 14* DelembrA. 1768.

considerof the several Papers which were prefenfed to the House by the Lord Norths upon the 28th Day of November last, and the 7tk Day of this Instant,

by His Majesty’s Command.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 Decembris;

Anno 9* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1768,

Prayers.

piftrefled A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His

Debtors. Majesty’s Gaol at , in the County of Northumberland, in Behalf of themselves, and all other insolvent Debto/s of the Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Pontrfraft A Petition of Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, and Ed-lection. ward Winn, Esquire, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners being Candidates at the late Election for Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of York, were duly elected by a very great Majority of the Persons qualified to vote, by the Constitu-t-ion of the (kid Borough, as declared by the last Determination of the House of Commons; but that William Crewe, Esquire, the Mayor of the said Borough, presiding at the said Election as Returning Officer, conduced the Poll with the most apparent Partiality to the Interest of Lord Gallway, and Henry Strachey, Esquire, the other Candidates, rejecting, without any good Reason assigned, or any just exception, a very great Majority of the Persons entitled to vote by the Constitution of the said Borough, the last Determination of this House, and the Statutes making such Determination final; and that, under Colour of an unfair Majority, obtained through those and divers other arbitrary and illegal Practices of the said Mayor, the said Lord Gallway and Henry Strachey have been returned by the said Mayor, as having been duly elected to represent the said Borough in Parliament, contrary to the Truth, the last Resolution of this House concerning the Right of Election for the said Borough, in Defiance of the Laws and Constitution requiring fair and free Elections, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Electors, and to the great Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as they thall appear to merit, and to do further therein as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 7th Day of

March next.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are % thereunto subscribed, being Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That at the late Election, the Petitioners, and many other of the Inhabitants, House-holders resident within the said Borough, being a very great Majority of the Persons legally intitled, by the Constitution of the said Borough and the last Determination of this House, to vote on that occasion, gave their Voices for Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, and Edward Winn, Esquire; but that Lord Gallway, and Henry Strachey, Esquire, the other Candidates, having found Means to engage in their Interest William Crewe,

Esquire, the then Mayor of the said Borough, who pre- tided as Returning Officer at the said Election, took upon himself to reject the Votes of the Petitioners, and divers others who voted for the said Sir Rowland Wim and Edward Winn, under various Pretences, all either void of Foundation in Truth, or, though true, insufficient, as the Petitioners conceive, to support any solid Objection to the Votes so rejected; and particularly, that the Mayor pretended, that the Quality of a Freehold of Burgage Tenure was among the Requisites to a Qualification to vote, and that the Petitioners and others, not having Burgage Tenements, had not any Right to give their Votes; although the last Resolution of this House, concerning the Right of Election for the said Borough, was produced and proved at the said Election; whereby, and by the Statute made in Confirmation of the Resolutions of this House, the Petitioners humbly conceive the Privilege of them, and all other the Inhabitants, Housholders resident in the said Borough, to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was established and confirmed, and the said Mayor ought not to have violated or impeached the same and that the said Mayor, regardless of the just Rights of the Petitioners, permitted a'great Number of Perforts, who had no Right, to poll for the said Lord Gallway, and Henry Strachey; and by those and divers other partial and illegal Practices of the said Mayor, and of the said Lord Gallway and Henry Strachey, a colourable Majority was obtained for them, against the said- Sir Rowland Winn, and Edward Winn, and the said Mayor has unduly returned the said Lord Gallway and Henry Strachey, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and also of the said Sir Rowland Winn, and Edward Winn, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; and that the Petitioners thus unjustly stripped of their Fran-chilcs, and they with the Electors in general, deprived of the Representatives of their Choice, and having others imposed upon them whom they have not cholen, can have no adequate Redress but from this House: And therefore praying. That their Rights and Privileges may be preserved to them, and that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and do therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, and Edward Winn, Esquire, is heard.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to offices qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within and the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Employment^ Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Turner, Mr. Puce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is con- Taunton cerned in the Bill for erecting a Market-house, and hold- Market, ing a Market, in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and for preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town; and for the better lighting Part of the said Town, which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been, informed of the Purport of the said Bill gives His Con-

sent,

Geo. III.

14® — 15° Decemhris.

i°5

font, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Silw Plate The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a used by Committee of the -whole House, upon the Bill for re-nn eepers. pea|gng fD much of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, as restrains any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualling House, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, from publicly using any Wrought or Manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, except Spoons; and for putting an End to Prosecutions commenced for Offences against such Part of the said Act.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Crosby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

Mr. Alderman Crosby reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please (o receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

American The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Colonies., whole House, to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord , upon the 28th Day of November last, and the 7th Day of this Inllant December, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker Tefumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 28th Day of November last, and the 7th Day of this Instant December, by His Majesty’s Command.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 15* Decembris;

Anno 9’ Georgii III. W Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

Dorchester, A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, residing _&c\ jl\. in and near the Borough of was pre-

°* fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for amending several Roads leading from Dand for repealing (b much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from the said Borough; and that there is a certain Road, leading from (he Parish of Fordington, through Hyde Gate, and through Farrington, alias. Winterborne Saint Germains, to Windmill Gate; and also another Way,

or Road, beginning at. the South End of Loud’s Gate, VOL. J2.' ~ '

in. Fordiugtonaforesaid; and from thence to Came Gate, to Cripton Gate, which will become totally uleless, when the Roads intended to be made and repaired by the said Bill shall be completed; and that, unless the Roads above mentioned shall be (lopped up, it will render the Purposes thereof ineffectual: And therefore praying the House, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for (topping up the above-mentioned Road, from Hyde's Gate to Windmill Gate, (except for Foot Passengers), and for absolutely (lopping up the above-mentioned Road, from the South End of Loud's Gate to Came Gate, and from thence to Cripton Gate aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Darner, Mr. Popham,

See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to ' fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according NewMalton, to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of &c* an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of M»nk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Road.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Buekinghan* Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the &c* Powers, of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of to

Warmington, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' An ingrossed Bill for erecting a Market-house, and Taunton holding a Market, in the Town of Taunton, in the Market. County of Somerset, and for preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town; and for the better lighting Part of the said Town; was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for saving the King’s Rights in the Market.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Thrice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for erecting a Market-house, and holding a Market in the Town of Tauntonj in the County of So-merfet-, and for preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town; and for cleansing the Streets, and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein j and; for lighting certain Streets in the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Popham do carry the . Bill to the Lords, and desire- their-Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the , Accounts Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at prefenlet;

the Door4 he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Customs,

to the House, pursuant to their Order, ’ (Scotland.)

An Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Wheat-

flour, imported into Scotland,-from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, from the 1 oth Day of October 1767

, to the 1 oth Day of October 1768, being as far as the - same can be made up: And also,

'An Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Wheat-: flour, Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, Rye, and Piilfe, im- '

..... . - E ,c- ported

io6 150 Decembris. A. 1768.

ported into Scotland, from any Part of Europe or , from the lothof October 1767 to the 10th of 1768, being as far as the same can be made up.

Mr. Rowe also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Bil'cuif, and Starch, that have been exported from Scotland, before the 8th of November 1768, being the Beginning of the present Session of Parliament, to any Place whatsoever, by Virtue, or in Purl'uance, of any of the Liberties or Powers given or granted by the Act 7 Geo. IIL distinguishing to what Place the same , have been exported: And also,

An Account of what Number of Ships, from Scotland, have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to, Davis's Straits and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted olit, and at what Port they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported; from 10th of October 1767 to the 10th October 17 68.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Silver Plate Mr. Alderman Crosby, according to Order, reported used by from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Innkeepers, i for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, as retrains any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualling House, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, from publicly using any Wrought or Manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Vel-fel thereof, except Spoons; and for putting an End to Prosecutions commenced for Offences against such Part of the said Act rwas committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a. Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Kew Windsor 1 Mr. Tonfon reported from the Committee, to whom Streets, the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes, in the Parish and Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, was referred; That, the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; - and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

*7

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. *

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Salted Beef, Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act, to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in , for

a limited Time; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made In the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in Am, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Army: for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better an<*

Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any crtlon* Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, Land Tax* to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, without aoy Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Marine for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, Forces, while on Shore, without any Amendment: And

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Licence* for the more effectually preventing the clandestine Im- for reeling portation of Foreign Spirits; and for explaining such Liquors-Part of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Penalties inflicted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Ex-cifeable Liquors, by Retail, without Licence; and for taking away certain Powers, granted by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rice, to allow, for a further Time, the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the BiH, intituled, An Act Goiford Greet* for repairing and widening the Roads, from the Turnpike &c-

Road at Goiford Green, in the Pari Hi of Cranbrooke, to oat"*

the Turnpike Road in the Parish of and from the Green, near Benenden Church, to the Bull Inn at Rolvendon Cross, in the County of Kent, without, any Amendment': And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An. Ad Wells for repairing, improving, and better prefenring, of the H*rbour«&Ci Harbour and Quay of Wells, in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kimboltoa for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Com- lnctofore. mon Grounds in the Township of Stonely, in the Parish and Manor of Kimboitm, in the county of ,

without any Amendment: And also,.

The Lords have agreed for the Bill, intituled, An Act Madrass* for naturalizing George Madrass, without any Amend- Nat. xnent; And also.

The

t

9 Geo. III. 15* — 16° Decembris. 107

UhthoFF’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for , That the Matter of the Petition of Humphry

at* naturalizing Henry Uhthoff; to which the Lords desire Setihouse the Younger, complaining of an undue Election the Concurrence of this House. and Return for the County of Cumberland, be heard at

And then the Messengers withdrew. the Bar of this House, upon Morning next.

American The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Colonies. Committee of the whole House, to conlkler further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 28th Day of November last, and the 7th Day of this Instant , by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mp Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord , upon the 28th Diyof Novemberlaft, and the 7th t)ay of this Instant D.comber, by His Majesty’s Command.

Cumberland The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Election. further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Cumberland.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be called in; and that the Counsel for the Petitioners Henry Fl, Esquire, and for the te-veral Freeholders in the County of Cumberland, who, upon the 10th Day of November last, petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be now directed to proceed upon the Merits of the Election;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

„ f .1 V I Sir Gilbert , 7

Ttlkrs for the Yeas, j Mr ^r„„ . } 95-

[Sir William Meredith, )

Mr. Thomas Townshend, i 247.

J unior. )

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Sir James Lowther, Baronet, is duly returned a Knight of the Shire to l'erve in this present Parliament for the County of Cumberland:

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Henry Fletcher, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of

And the House having continued to fit till past One of the Clock on Friday M >rning;

Ordered, That t he Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House this Morning, to amend the Return for - the County of Cumberland, by rafing out the Name of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, and inserting the Name of Henry Fletcher, Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That Sir James Lowther, Baronet, be at Liberty to petition this House, touching the Election for the County of Cumberland, within Fourteen Days next, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the> further Hearing of the Matter of the Petitions ot Henry Fletcher, Esquire j and of the several Freeholders in the County of Cumberland, who, upon the 10th Day of November last, petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return, for the said County; be discharged.

Ordered, That the Freeholders of the County of Cumberland beat Liberty to petition this House, to question the Election of Henry Fletcher,. Esquire, within Fourteen Days next, if they think fit,

Vol. 3*.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable George Lane Parker, which was presented to '‘EUction. the House upon the icth Day of November last; and all’o the Petition of 'Thomas Dummtr, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the 15th Day of the same Month; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Ife of Wight, in the County of Southampton’, be heard at the Bar of this House, this Morning.

And then tbs House adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vmen's, 16° die Decembris;

Anno 9® Georgii IIP11 Regis, j 768.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac* Cumberland cording to Order, amended the Return for the Election. County of Cumberland.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, having taken into Consideration the fe-> American veral Papers relating to the late D’fturbances in America, Colonie*. laid before their Lordships by His Majesty’s Command, have come to several Resolutions; and alfa have agreed to an Address to His Majesty, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And ihen the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Resolutions and Address were readj and are as fol'oweth; viz.

Resolved, by the L irds Spiritual and Temporal,

in Parliament aflhmbied That the Votes, Refutations artd Proceedti.gs of the House of Represen tatives of Majachufet's Bay, in the Months of January and February last, respecting several late Acts of Parliament, so far as the said Votes, Resolutions, and Proceedings do import a Denial of, or do draw into Question, the Power and Authority of His Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, to make Laws and Statutes of sufficient Force and Validity to bind the Colonies and People of America, Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, in all Cases whatsoever, are illegal, uncon-ftitutional, and derogatory of the Rights of the Cr&wn and Parliament of Great Britain.

Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

in Parliament assembled, That the Resolution of the' said House of Represen tatives of the Province, of Mafa-> chufet's Bay, in January last, to write Letters to she; several Houses of Representatives of the British Colonies on the Continent, desiring them to join with the said House of Representatives of the Province of -chufet's Bay, in Petitions, which dd deny, or draw intof Question, the Right of Parliament to impose Duties and Taxes upon His Majesty’s Subjects in America, and in* pursuance of the said Resolution, the writing such Let- ters, in which certain late Acts of Parliament, imposing Duties and Taxes, are stated to be Infringements of the*

Rights of His Majesty’s Subjects of the said Province;! are Proceedings of a most unwarrantable and dangerou*

Nature, calculated to inflame the Minds of His Majesty’s Subjects in the other Colonies, tending to create unlawful

io8 16° Decembris. A. 17 68.

American lawful Combination* repugnant to the Laws of Great Colonies, Britain, and subversive of the Constitution,

Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual.and Temporal,

in Parliament assembled, That it appears that the Town of Boston, in the province of Massachuset's Bay, has for some Time pad been in a State of great Disorder and Consulion, and that the Peace of the said Town has, at several Times, been disturbed by Riots and Tumults of a dangerous Nature, in which the Officers of His Majesty’s Revenue there have been obstructed by Acts of Violence in the Execution of the Laws, and their

Lives endangered,

Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

in Parliament assembled, That it appears that neither the Council of the said Province of Massachuset's Bay, nor the ordinary Civil Magistrates, did exert their Authority for suppressing the said Riots and Tumults.

Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

,in Parliament assembled, That in thefcCircumstances of the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, and of the Town of B oft on, the Preservation of the public Peace and the due Execution of the Laws became impracticable, without the Aid of a Military Force to support and protect the Civil Magistrate, and the Officers of His Majesty’s Revenue.

Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

,in Parliament assembled, That the Declarations, Resolutions, and Proceedings, in the Town Meetings at Boston, on the 14th of June^nd 12th of September, were illegal and unconditional, and calculated to excite Sedition and Insurrections in His Majesty’s Province of Massa-chufet's Bay.

Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

in Parliament assembled, That the Appointment at the Town Meeting, on the 12th September, of a Convention to be held in the Town of Boston, on the 2 2d of that Month, to consist of Deputies from the several Towns and Districts in the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, and the issuing a Precept by the Seledk Men of the Town of Boston, to each of the said Towns and Districts, for the Election of such Deputies, were Proceedings subversive of His Majesty’s Government, and evidently manifesting a Design, in the Inhabitants of the said Town of Boston, to set up a new and unconstitutional Authority, independant of the Crown of Great Britain.

Resolved, by the Lords Spirtual and Temporal, j in Parliament assembled. That the Elections, by several Towns and Districts in the Province of Massachusets Bay, of Deputies to fit in the said Convention, and the Meeting of such Convention in Consequence thereof, were daring Infijlts offered to His Majesty’s Authority* and audacious Usurpations of the Powers of Government.

The humble Address of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, , in Parliament assembled.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, , in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for the Communication Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to make to Your Parliament, of several Papers relative to public Transactions in Your Majesty’s Province of Massachuset's Bay.

We beg Leave to express to Your Majesty, our sincere Satisfaction in the Measures which Your Majesty has pursued, forsupporting the Constitution, and for inducing a due Obedience to the Authority of the Legislature; and to give Your Majesty the strongest Assurances that'we will effectually stand by and support Your Majesty in such further Measures as may be found necessary to maintain the Civil Magistrates in a due Execution of the Laws within Your Majesty’s Province of Majfachifet's Bay: And as we conceive that nothing can be more im-

mediately necessary, either for the Maintenance of Your Majesty’s Authority in the said Province, or for guarding Your Majesty’s Subjects therein from being farther deluded by the Arts of wicked and designing Men, than to proceed in the most speedy and effectually Manner for bringing to condign. Punishment the chief Authors and Instigators of the late Disorders, we most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that You will be graciously pleased to direct Your Majesty’s Governor of Massachuset's Bay to take the most effectual Methods for procuring the full-eft Information that can be obtained, touching all Trea-fons or Misprisions of Treason committed within his Government, since the Thirtieth Day of December last, and to transrhit the fame, together with the Names of the Persons who were most active in^ the Commission of such Offences, to One of Your Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, in order that Your Majesty may issue a special Commission for enquiring of, hearing, and determining the said Offences within this Realm, pursuant to the Provisions of the Statute of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, in case Your Majesty shall, upon receiving the said Information, fee sufficient Ground for such a Proceeding.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions and Address be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 28th Day of November last, and the 7th Day of this Instant December, by His Majesty’s Command.

A Petition from the Inhabitants of Uminster, in the East India County of Somerset, relating to the Advantages that Tratlc* would arise to the Public from laying open the Eastr India Trade to all His Majesty’s, Subjects, being offered ' to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this Mr. Wilke* House, in the Painted Chamber, touching a Matter highly concerning the Peace and good Order, as well as the Dignity of His Majesty’s Government.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that this House had considered their Message; and did agree to meet the Lords, at a present Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage^ the said Conference:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord North,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Ellis, Lord Beauchamp, Lord Georgs Satkville,’ Mr. Pyfon, Mr.\Cornwal/y Mr. Wedderburn,

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Burke, JJix. Solicitor General, the Mar-i quis of Granby, Sir Gilbert Mlliot, Sir George Savile, Mr.

Stanley, Mr. DowdejwcU, General Conway, Mr. Onslow*

Mr. Jackson, S\\ William'Meredith, Mr. Cooper.

And the Names of the Managers were called over;t and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord North reported the Conference; and that it was to acquaint this House, that, the Lords, having^ takes^ into. Consideration the Contents of a Newspaper, intituled, " The Saint fames'? Chronicle, or The British.

Evening Post, from Thursday, December. the 8th, to

' turdayt

9 Geo. Ill*

i6° — 190 Decembrh.

109

turday, December the 10th, 1768/’ their Lordships had come to the following Resolution; viz.

/ Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal*

in Parliament assembled, That the Introduction to the Copy of a Letter, addressed to Daniel Ponion, Esquire, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions at Lambeth, and dated Saint James's, the 17th April, 1768, contained in a certain Newspaper, intituled, " The Saint James's Chronicle, or The British Evening Post, from Thursday, December, the 8th, to Saturday, December the 10th, 1768, printed by Henry Baldwin,. at the Britannia9 Printing Office, N° 108, Fleet-Street, is an in* solent, scandalous, and seditious Libel, tending to inflame and stir up the Minds of His Majesty’s Subjects to Sedition, and to a total Subversion of all good Order and legal Government.

Which Resolution, together with the said Newspaper, their Lordships had directed to be communicated to this House; and desire the Concurrence of this House to the said Resolution.

And that the Conference was also to acquaint this House with what had appeared, by Evidence given at their Lordship’s Bar, upon Oath, touching the said Libel being lent to the Press; and with the Names of the Persons examined with respect to that Matter.

And likewise to communicate with this House certain Manuscripts, produced to their Lord ships by One of the said Witnesses.

And the said Report, and Part of the said Newspaper, and the said Manuscripts, were read.

And the said Resolution being read a Second Time j

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confu tation upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Henry Baldwin do attend' this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Swan do attend this House at the same Time.

Cromarty The House was moved. That the Order, made upon

Wc^ion# Monday the 2ill Day of November last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next, the Matter of the Petition of George Bean, Clerk at the late Election of a Knight to lerve in Parliament for the County of Cromarty, complaining of an undue Return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon the said 21st Day of November last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next, so much of the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Gordon, of Invergordon, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, as relates to the Merits of the Return for the said County, might be ' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition of George Bean, and also so much of the said Petition of Sir John Gordon as relates to the Merits of the Return for the said County, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Wed-nejday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next, with the Return for the said County of Cromarty.

Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 20th Supply* Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 28th Day of November, last, and the 7th Day of this Instant December, by His Majesty’s Command.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 1(f die Decembris;

Anno 90 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

LORD Brozvnlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- North cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and H ekham draining the Open Fields, Meadows, Fens, Pastures, Inclosure. Commons, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of North Hickham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Bleddington Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com- Inclosure. monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bleddington, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. South-well, Sir John Turner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, Buckingham* of an Act made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his delate Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Road#

Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to Warmington, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Southwell, &c.: And they arfc to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for the better paving, cleansing, New lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes, in the Windsor Parish and Borough of Neiv Windsor, in the County of Slrcels* Berks; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein 5 was read the Third Time.

Resolved,'That the Bill do pass; And That the Title be. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes, in the Parish and Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks; ands for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Tonfon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Yarmouth The Order of the day being read, for hearing at the ^Wh) ®ar *k"ls House, the Matter of the several Petitions, He&Ln. complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the IJleof Wight, in the County of Southampton;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next.

Ways The other Orders of the Day being read;

Means. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 20th

Vol. 32.

Road*.

Mr. John Darner reported from the Committee, to Dorchester, whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, &c* residing in and near the Borough of Dorchester, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Templeman said, That there is a certain Road F f leading

mo „ 190 Decembrist ^1768.

leading from the Parish of Fordington, through a Gate called Hyde Gate, and through Farrington, alias Win-Xcrbome Saint Germains, to a Gate called Windmill Gate, in the Parish of Farrington, alias Winterborne Saint Germains aforesaid; and also another Road leading from the South End of Loud's Gate in Fordington aforesaid, to a Gate called Came Gate, which parts Came from Fordington Field, and from thence to a Gate called Cripton Gate, which parts Cripton from Whit combe; which Roads, if the Bill now depending in the House for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, and for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool to the said Borough, should pass into a Law, would become useless; and that unless the Roads above-mentioned are stopped up, the Payment of the Tolls proposed to be laid by the Bill may'be evaded.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset; % and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool to the said Borough; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for flopping up the Road leading from the Parish of Fordington, through Hyde Gate, and through Farrington, alias Winterborne Saint Germains, to Windmill Gate, in the said Parish (except to Foot Passengers ;) and for flopping up the Road from the South End of Loud's Gate, in Fordington aforesaid, to Came Gate, and from thence to Cripton Gate.

Calder Lord John Cavendish reported from the Committee, Navigation. to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and others, of the Counties of York and Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Persons who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for extending the Navigation of the River Calder, to or near to Sowerby Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the River Hebble, Halig, or Halifax Brook, from Brooks Mouth, to Salter Hobble Bridge, in the County of York; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report iivhis Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, That Commissioners therein named, and their Successors, are impowered to make and complete the said Navigation in

such manner as the said Act directs, with Power to borrow such Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Act as they should think fit, and to assign over the Tolls and Duties thereby granted for securing the Repayment,.. Then,

Mr. Robert Charlsworth produced to your Committee an Account of Money borrowed, and of Tolls received by Virtue of the said Act, whereby it appeared that 56,900l. and upwards had been borrowed, and 7000l. and upwards raised by the Tolls granted by the said Act; and that the Sum of 64,000l. and upwards had been expended in carrying the said Act into Execution.

And Mr. CharlfwortH informed your Committee, That in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Act, the Navigation had been completed. from Wakefield to Brookfmouth, and Salter Hebble Bridge, and a considerable Progress had been made in the Works, from Brookfmouth towards Sowerby Bridge.

That in the Years 1767 and 1.768, Two very great Floods happened . in the said Rivers, which greatly injured and damaged the Works of the Navigation.

That soon after each Flood, the Works so injured and damaged were repaired, and some additional Works and Alterations made at a very great Expence; but that soon after the same were respectively completed, and the Navigation restored another great Flood happened in the Month of June last, which so far destroyed the Works as entirely to put a Stop to the said Navigation, between Salter Hebble Bridge and Brookfmouth, and between Brookfmouth and Wakefield.

That soon after this last Floodf^ a public General Meeting of Commissioners and Creditors was held to consider what Methods should be taken to raise a further1 Sum of Money in order to restore the Navigation, but no Person could be found who would adventure any more Money, on an Undertaking so hazardous, upop the Conditions of the present Act, so that no Money was subscribed at that Meeting, but to discharge some Arrears due to Workmen who had been employed in the Undertaking, and to defray the Expences of securing such Works as were not destroyed, until an Application could be made to Parliament, to alter the present Act in such Manner as to encourage Persons to advance a sufficient Sum of Money effectually to restore and complete the said Navigation.

Mr. Jeremiah Royds confirmed the Substance of the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending, and continuing navigable the River Calder, to or near Sowerby Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the River Hebble, Halig, or Halifax Brook, from Brook's Mouth, to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the County of Yorkr; and for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for those Purposes: And that Lord John Cavendish, Mr.

Montagu, and Mr. Hewett, do prepare, ^nd bring in, the fame. ‘

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Tring, &c. thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Roads. read; Setting forth, That the High Road leading from . the Turnpike Road, in the Town of Hit chin, in the County of Hertford, through Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the said County of Hertford, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious to Passengers; and cannot be effectually repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament: And thererefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. Ha fey, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Bildock, thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the High Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Baldock, in the County of Hertford, through Part of the Town of Royston, to the Turnpike Road, at or near Bowmbridge, in the County of Cambridge, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious to Passengers; and cannot be effectually repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. '

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in

Execution

9 Geo. III. 190 Decembris. tit

Stercnage, Execution Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the 6th and 1 ath Years of the Reign of King George the First, and the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Roads from the North End of the said Roads, to the Toll Gate, at the North End of the said Town of Biggleswade, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, the Trustees, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, have made great Progress in repairing of the said Roads, and have repaid a considerable Part of the Money first borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts: buc find the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, arid kept in Repair, and the Money now owing on the Credit of the said Acts be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers thereof are altered and enlarged; and that the High Road, leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Baldock to the Turnpike Road in the Town of Hitcbin, in the County of Hertford, and also the High Road leading from Radwell Corner, in the Road leading from Baldock aforesaid, to Biggleswade aforesaid, through Stotfold, to the Turnpike Road, at the House of Richerd Edwards, Esquire, in the Parish of Arlefey, in the said County of Bedford, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious to Passengers; and cannot be effectually repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave; may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual the said Acts, and for repairing and widening the said last mentioned Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Hitchin, A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 30th YeaF of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through the Town of Shes-ford, and Carrington Cotton End, to a Lane opposite a Farm House called Saint Leonard's leading into the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans, to the Town of Bedford, and also the Road from the Turning out of the aforesaid Road into Henlow Field, to Gerford Bridge, and also the Road from the Town of Henlow, over Henlow Bridge, to Arlefey, in the County of Bedford; and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto fub--feribed; was also presented to the House, adri read; Setting forth; That the Petitioners, the Trustees, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have! borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof; but find the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and widened, and the Money now owing be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged j and that the High Road, leading from the Way Pqft, in the Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin aforesaid, to Shcfford aforesaid, through the South End of Clifton, to the Turnpike Road leading through Henlow, and also the High Road leading from the Turnpike Road, at the North End of Henlow aforesaid, through Langford, to the Turnpike Road in Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more ef-- feftual the said Act, and for repairing and widening the said last mentioned Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

And the said Petitions were fqverally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whdfe Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; And they are to examine the Matters of Voi,. 3a.

these Petition^; and report the fame; as they shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of Daniel Earl of Winchelsea and Notting- Waldby ham, Leflfce under the Prebendary of Wetwang, in the Inclosure; Cathedral Church of York, of all and Angular the.

Tithes of Hay, Corn, Grain, Wool, and Lamb, arising* and renewing within the Lordship of Waldby, in the.

Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County, of York, and of certain Glebe Lands in the said Lord-

ship; and the humble Petition of Samuel Watson the *

Younger, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Waldby aforesaid, and Proprietor of far. the most considerable Part of the Lands within the said Lordship, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Lordship, are several Open Parcels of Land containing Nine hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermix--ed, anddifperfed in small Parcels, and are at present inconvenient to the several Proprietors 5 and that a Division and Inclosure of the said Lands and Grounds would be* advantageous to all the Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill foreffecting the Purposes aforesaid; subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- fuantto the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Hot ham, and Mr. Fuller* do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

t ' .

A Petition of Sir Beaumont Hotham, Baronet, Bichard Huttbrt Savage Lloyd, Esquire, the Reverend Mark Sykes, Doctor Xnclo^rc^ of Divinity, and others, whose Names are subscribed*

Proprietors of, or otherways interested in, the federal Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons*

Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Hutton Cranswick, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Township', there are certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons,

Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which contain in the whole Three thousand Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Arable Lands and Grounds lie so intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, that^ in their present Situation, they are capable of very little Improvement; but that, if Power was given to divide and inclose the feme, and also the said Open Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Ground, a considerable Benefit would thereby accrue:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pur-; suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr,

Hotham and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom Doveridge* the Bill to empower the Right honourable Sir Henry &c. Cavendish, Baronet, to (hut up certain Roads and a Foot ^<wds* Path, in the Parish of Doveridge, in the County of jDerby; and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, a new Road and Foot Path, in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table t Where the Amendments were Once read throughout! and then a Second Time, One by One; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grofied,

Mr*

St. Martin le Grand

Cardigan

Writ.

Offices

and

Employments.

Silver Plate used by Innkeepers.

t

112 i p° Decembris. 1768.

&Tn Sdndys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, deanfing, lighting, and Watching, the Liberty of Saint Marlin le Grand, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for electingnew Commissioners in room of such as shall die, or be disqualified.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to (lie Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, in the room of Pryje Campbell\ Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Performs as have omitted to qualify themselves. for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, of, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign Of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, as restrains any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualling House, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, from publicly using any Wrought or Manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, except Spoons; and for putting an End to Prosecutions commenced for Offences against such Part of the said Act; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third' intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom as restrains any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern,

Alehouse, or Victualling House, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, tram publicly using any. Wrought or Manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, except Spoons; and for putting an End to Prosecutions commenced for Offences against such Part of the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Crosby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Joseph Peachy late Churchwarden of the Parish of All Sainls, in the Town of Northampton George Batman, John Baker, and Joseph Wills, Parish Officers of the said Parish, having been served with the Speaker’s Warrant, for permitting Sir George Osborn and Sir George Bridges Rodney, and their Agents, to inspect any Assessments, Certificates, Public Books, or Public Writings, belonging or relating ro the said Parish, had refused to comply with what was required by the said Warrant; .

Charles Morgan was called in, and, at the Bar, examined in relation to the Matter of the said Complaint.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Joseph Beach, the said George Batman, the said John Baker, and the said Joseph Wills, do attend this Hpufe on Thursday the 19th Day of Jamary next, when the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town of Northampton, is ordered to be heard, in order to answer the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, of the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Sepulthre, in the Town of North-empton, for the Year 1767 and 1768, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That the said Charles Morgan do attend this House at the same Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguijk and Mr. Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference with the House of Commons in the Painted Chamber, relating to the Message sent to the Lords, for the At-, tendance of the Earl of Sandwich and the Earl of March.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Refolded, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lord-fiiips.

And the Messenger9 were again called in.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that this House had considered their Message; and did agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, upon the Subject Matter of the said Mef-sage, do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over i and they went to the Conference.'

And being returned;

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported the Conference; and that it was to acquaint this House, That their Lord ships have referred the Matter of the last Conference with this House, relating to their Message For the Attendance of Two Peers, to their Committee Of Privileges; but that, before the said Conference, the Earls of Sandwich and March having made it their personal Request to their Lordships, to have Leave to come to this House, to give Information of any Circumstances that may have come to their Knowledge, relative to a Charge against Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, of paving bribed Michael

Northampton

Ele&ioo.

Mr. Wilke*

9 Geo. Ml.

19® — 2d0 Decembris.

m

Curry, with Public Money, to give Evidence against John Wilkes, Esquire; the House of Lords did leave it to those Two Lords to do therein wlkt their Lordships ' shall think fit.

Privilege. A Petition of Joseph Thornton was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is now a Prisoner in His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, by virtue of an Order of this House, for a High Crime and Misdemeanor, by hiring Dennis Shade to p^fte up a seditious and infamous Paper, tending to inflame the Minds of the People, against the Honour, and in Breach of the Privilege of this House,; and that the Petitioner is truly sensible of the Enormity of his Offence, and ! unfeignedly sorry for the same; and that the Continuance

of his Confinement will very much distress a poor Fa-\ mily, who depend altogether on his Labour for their

Support: And therefore praying the House to take his unhappy Circumstances into Consideration, and give , Orders that he may be released from his Confinement.

Ordered That the said Joseph Thornton be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged: and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Bramber The House being informed, that the Committee of Privileges and Elections had heard, in Part, the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Thoroton, and Charles Ambler, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do. Tomorrow in the Afternoon, proceed to the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Yarmouth The Order of the Day being read, for hearing at the rt1*5 House, the Matter of the several Petitions,

Complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wight, in the County

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 19th Day of January next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Mr.Wilkct. The House according to Order proceeded to take into further >Consider*tion the Report of the Conference held on Friday last with the Lords.

' And the House being informed, that Henry Baldwin and John Swan attended according to Order;

The said Henry Baldwin, was called in; and the printed Newspaper, intituled, " The Saint James9s Chronicles " of The British Evening Post, from Thursday, December u the 8th, to Saturday, December the 10th, 1768, printed M by Henry Baldwin, at the Britannia Printing Office, N* 108, Fleet Street " and also the Manuscripts delivered by the Lords at the said Conference, being shewn to him at the Bar, he acknowledged that he printed the said Newspaper; and said, that the Manuscripts were brought to him, by John Swan, on the Morning of the Publication, who told him, that he brought them from John Wilket, Esquire j and that the said Henty Baldwin believes the said Manuscripts arc of the Handwriting of the said Mr. Wilkes«

And the said Henty Baldwin having, in the Course of his Examination, mentioned, that he had been examined at the Bar of the House of Lords the last Week on this Subject, be was asked what passed on that Occasion.

And then he was directed to withdraw*

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Henry Baldwin be aiked What passed on that Occasion *

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Henry Baldwin was again called in, and further examined*

1 VOIr. $2,

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

Then the said John Swan was called in; and, at the Bar, being shewn the said Newspaper and Manuscripts, he said, that he brought the Manuscripts from Mr. Wilkes, on the Saturday it was published, who desired it might be inserted that Night; and further said, that the Manu* feripts are of the said Mr. Wilkes's Hand-writing:

And then he was directed to withdraw;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the iaid Report of the Conference with the Lords be ddjbiirnea till Friday the 27th Day of January next.

Notice being taken, that John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, is charged, by the Evidence given this Day at the Bar of this House, with being the Author and Publiflier of the Introduction of a Copy of a. Letter addressed to Daniel Ponton, Esquire, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions at Lambeth, and dated, Saint James's the 17th April, 1768, contained in a certain Newspaper; intituled, " The Saint James's Chronicle, or British Evening Post, from Thursday, December the 8th, to Satur-a day, December the ioth, 1768, printed by Henry Bald-<c win, at the Britannia Printing Office, N° 108, Fleet-c< Streetwhich Paper was communicated to this House, at a Conference with the Lords upon Friday last;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Charge against the said John Wilkes, Esquire, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Friday the 27th Day of January next.

Ordered, That Notice be sent to the said John Wilkes, Esquire of the Matter of the said Charge, and'of the Time when the same is ordered to be board at the Bar of this House; and that a Copy of the said Letter, and of the said Introduction, be also lent to the said Mr Wilkes,

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King s Bench Prifod do bring the said John Wilkes, Esquire in Custody, to the Bar bf this House, upon Friday the 27th Day of January next, to answer the Matter of the said Charge, if the said Mr. Wilkes shall signify a Desire to the said Marshal to be so brought up.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 23d Day of January next, resolve itself into i Committee of the whole House, to consider further of thd several Papers, which were pfefented to the HoUfe the Lord North, upon the 18th Day of NoVmbet last; and the 7th Day of this Instant December^ by His Majesty's Command.

1

And theft the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nirie of the Clock;

Mart is s 206 die Decetnbris j Anno 9* Georgii IIIl,i Regis, 1768. Prayers.

AMeffage from the Lords; by Mr. Aimish and Mr. Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,* intituled,- An Act for erecting a Market House, and bolding a Market, in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town; and for cleaning the Streets, and for preventing Nuisances and other Obstructions therein 1 and for lighting certain Streets in the said Town $ without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Common, AfaWe, Meadow, Pat ture, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willey, in the County of Warwick without any Amendment: And also,

G g The

American

Colonies.

Tauntori

Market.

Willey.

Inctolurre;

114 2o° Decembr yi. 17 $8.

Greening’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Name. to enable Henry Thomas Greenings Esquire, to take and life the Surname of Gott, pursuant to th,e Will of Mary Gott, deceased, without any Amendment: And also, . Sparhanke’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. yetting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Baldock, ir> the County of Hertford, devised by the Will of Edward Sparhauke, Gentleman, deceased, in Laivndey Sparhauke, Esquire, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of the said Will; and for substitutipg, and settling an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, ip Hertfordshire, in Lievu thereof, and to . the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew. .

A MessageTrom his Majesty,’fey Sir Francis Molyneux> Gentleman tJIher of the BlackRod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal The King commands this honourable Houseto attend A^to His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House went up to the House of Peers.;

And being returned ;' *

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine

Arf Act: for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service Of the Year One thousand seven hundred and Sixty-nine: An Act For punishing Mutiny and 'Desertiop, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: .

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine’ Forces, while on Shore:

An Act for the more effectually preventing the clan- . destine Importation of Foreign Spirits; and for explaining such Part of an Act made in the Fifth Year of the [ ' j IJsign of Hi^ pr^sent. Majesty, as relates to the Penal-

ties lnfjiftea upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Exc^eable ^iquors, by Retail,/without Licence; and fop taking away certain Powers, granted by former Acts, for -purjiftiyig Persons cony idled of retailing Spirituous Liquors wirhoht Licence:

An Act to allow, for a further Time, the Free Importation of JRjce ^into.thj^Kingdom, fropi-His Majesty’s Colonies in North America \ \ \ .

An Act for repairing, Improving, "and* better preferring, of the Harbour and Quay of Wells, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roa^s, from the Turnptkfe RodtfJAr Golfwd Green, im the ’Parish of Cranbtooke, to the Turnpike..Road in the Parish of Sandhurst, and from'Hie Greennear BenH'd'en Church, to the Bull Inn, at Rolvendon Cross, in the County ,of Kent. ' -; ‘ '

An Act for orefting a Market Houseftandiholdingpa Market, in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for preventing the holding of any. Market r.*v in the Streets of the said Tow ri; and for cleansing.The Streets, and preventing Nuifences andi Obstructions. therein; and for lighting certaim Streets in the said Town:. r An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,t and Common Grounds, in the Township of Stonely, in* the Parirtj and Manor of Kimholton, in the county of ; Huntingdon: /..; - . , ! vu

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open, Common,

7 Fields^Commobable Lands, Common, Arable, Meadow,

Pallure, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willey, in tl$e.County of Warwick; f. *.. j

An Act. to enable Henry Thomas Greening? Esquire, to take^nd use the Surname of Gott, pursuant to the Will of Mary Gott, deceased: .

- 16

An Act for Naturalizing George Madrass: -

An Act for Naturalizing John Henry Schneider:

An Act for Naturalizing Paul Niedrick.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lloyd’s for veiling Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend William Lloyd, Clerk, in Trustees, for railing Money to discharge the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances affect* ing the same; and for other Purposes therein-mentioned; was read a Second Time. -

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mfi LoionJes,

Mr. Kynaston, &c: And they are to meet thfsrAftfctnd6n, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

%ju'

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do make the Report from Denbigh, the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roach *c*

from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Rpadiber. °*

tween Northop and Holywell\ and from Avon Wmit\^Xo the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh Flint, was committed. ,// .; <

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do rpake. the Report from Greenfield, the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the I^oad &c-from the Turnpike Gate, in the Townshi’p of Greenfield, Roai to the North Limits of the Township of Mojljn, ^nd from Mojiyn to Henllan, and from Llanerch y Mor to Pen y Fordd Wain> in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, was committed. , '

Mr. Sackville, reported from the Committee, to whom Mereworth, the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading &c* from Mere Worth Cross, through West Peck ham, $bipb'oilrne, Road'

lgtham, and iPfotham, to the Road leading from Seal, so Wrotham Heath; and also the Road leading fro/n,the House of Walliam Dalijon, Esquire} to the Road at the West End of Hadlow Street, in the County of Kent 5 was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House.; and (he read the Report<id his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tile Amendments,- in at the Cleflc’s Table, Where* the Amendments were Once read khrougbout; and^hen

Second Time, One by One/; ^nd, upon the Questkfti severally put thereupon, several of them were difegneed to, and the rest with several Amendments to One of them, were'agreed to, by the Hqtffe. :;

, A Clause w'as offered to be added t)9 the Bill, for getr ting Materials to amend the Roa^cJ. , j>.,! . \;

And the said Clause was twic^ i^bad,' with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause. was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed-eg By the Houljb jtp be made Part of the Bill. , ? ,* , , r t

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill;

50 appoint the Commencement^qd Continuance, of the Act. . v .....; B . / A V. *'

And the said Clause was Twic;e read;., with.^Blapk which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the , Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House |o be made Part of th? Bill.: And Teyerai Amendments were made by the House,.to the Bip.;

Ordered, That the Bill, vfich^ the . Amendments be ingrossed.: . ./ ,

A Bill for enlarging thq Term and Powers of an Act^ New made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty,;for Maton* repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of, tile City of York, to New^ Ma/jjn, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

A Petition

9 Geo. III.

4©.?i Dec&mbris.

1*5

Thwing

Inclosure.

A Petition.of Robert Grimston, Esquire, Lord.of the Manor of Thwingfin the East Riding of the County of York, and Owner ,of divers Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor and'Parish of Thwing aforesaid, Charles Roper, Tkoma&Omblar, J0* tiathan Simpson, and, others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners of, or otherwise interested ini, divers other Cottages* Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-laments, within the said Manor and Pari Hi, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor and Parish, there are several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, reputed to contain in the whole near 4,000 Acres; that if the same were divided and inclosed, and a Compensation made in lieu of the Tithes and Ecclesiastical Dues, the mutual Benefit of all Persons interested would be promoted thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given ito bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: Arid that. Sir George Savile and Mr. Cholmley do prepare, and bring in, the lame. A *

Account* presented; African

Mr. Charles Tozmfltend, from the Commissioners for executing the Office, of Lord High Admiral of Great Stttlcments. $Tltain9 Prefen^d to the House, pursuant to the Directions ,of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State and Condition of the Fort at Antiamaboe, tak$n the 24th February, 1768.

N° 2. State and Condition of James Fort at Accra, taken thq 27th February, 1768/

N° 3.. State and Condition of the Fort at Appollonia, taken in February, 1768.

N°4. State and Condition of Cape Coast Castle, taken February 27th, 1768. N ’ ‘ f *

N0^. State and Condition :of Commenda Fort, taken February 28th, 1768. '

N° 6. Extractof a Letter from Captain Hallwall to Mr. Stephens^ dated ift March, .1768, relative to the State of the Settlement at Senegal: / *

N° 7. State and Condition* of the Fort at Dixcove, taken 16th March, 1768.

N° 8. State and Condition- of Commenda Fort, taken the 18th March, 1768.

N° 9. State and Condition of Winnebali Fort, taken in 1768.

N° 10. State and Condition of Succondee Fort, taken the 8th March, 1768.

N° 11. State and Condition of Cape Coast Castle, taken March 22d, 1768.

N° 12. State and Condition of the Fort at XnMmaboe, taken the30th March, 1768; . A>-. > 1

’ N° 13. State and Condition of TarttamquYty Fort, taken the 3d April, 1768. " * --

N° 14. State and Condition of Accra Fort, taken the ^th of April, 1768. j . ‘ t

Togetjher with a List ofnhe said Papers. . / ' *’: And the said Lift was read. 1:.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lieupon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongstAthe other Papers of this Session.w; Vj.

within the said Liberties, lie greatly dispersed and inters mixed, and* in their present Situation, not capable of any. considerable Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave-may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds; in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Cholmley do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Sudbrook Tithes, and Common Right, within the* Liberties of Inclosure. Sudbrook', in the Parish of Ancaster, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto set, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds.belonging to the several Proprietors, in the Open Fields, Meadows, and other Pasture and Commonable Lands, within the said Liberties, lie greatly dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, not capable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be greatly , to the Advantage of the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed-:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Cholmley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Land Tax. for the appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution ‘an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine: And that Mr. Cooper, the Lord, North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jen-kinson, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. Bradjhazv, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Uhthoff’s

Nat.

Hucknal

Torkard

Inclosure.

The House was moved,* That the Order, made upon Thursday the 10th Day of November last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon TuesdayXbe 17th Day of January next, the Matter of the Petition of Sir Edward Winnington, of Stanford'Court, in the County of Worcester. Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borotugh of Betydley, in the County of Worcester, might be rdad.

And the said Order beingread accordingly;

Ordered That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the r9r.l1 Day of January next, at Eleven of the: Clock in the Morning.

.iM Ly -: . 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, that any Private Business may be entered upon after Two of thdGfock*’. ‘ *

!,; , ( -rl ' f '-r- ;:r* 'J

An ingrossed Bill from'tlKLor^ intituled, An Act o. ingrodfedi Bill to ipdemnif/^PerWaS have for'Naturalizing He, W Ui/Aoff,'V.as read;the<?Wftted to qualify themfelm TOr-Qffltes and Employ-

-pjme ’ ' ’' ‘ . .* fnpp^within the Tune Iknfted by'Law, and for allow-

Rfolved, That the' Bill.Reread a Second Time*: m’.i >0©further Time for at^PMpose; and to Indemnify ' Members and Officers, in uitlesV-COr^o^atwris, and Bo-

A Petition of the OwhefS and Proprietors of Lands, ropghTojyns, whdfe. AdihiiTions have been omitted to Tithes, and Common Right, within.. thQ\Liberties of bestamped according, to Law, having been stamped, Hucknal Torkard, in the JCbunty of Nottingham, whoff have been loft or miflafid; and^for aTOwing them Time Names Jare thefreurtto set; was prefeiitec| to the House to provide AdmiflioDslduly stamped;1 was i*ead the Third and read; -Setting forth,1 That the Lands apd (grounds Time.

belonging to the several proprietors, in tl^e Open Fields, JRefolyed, Thatilhe Bill der pafs4*: Arid that the Title Meadows, and other Pasture and Commonable^Lar>dbe* An Act to indemnify such Pfersons’as have omitted VoL. 32. " to

Bewdley

Election.

Private

Bufinefa.

Offices

and

Employments.

116

20* — 21* Decentbris.

A. 1768.

to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Ad millions have been omit ted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lod or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dill refled A Petition of the poor Debtors, confined in Oxford Debtors. Castle; was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Didress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sparhauke’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Ba/dock, in the County of devised by the

Will of Edward Sparhau Gentleman, deceased, in Lawndey Sparhauke, Esquire, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of the said Will; and for fubdituting and settling an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in Hertfordshire, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses; was read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Privilege. Jofpk Thornton was, according to Order, brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Cumberland Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Humphry £le<a*°n- Senhtmfe the Younger, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Cumberland, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the 9th Day of March next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1

r ——

Mercurij, ai° Decembrist

Anno 9" Georgii III. U Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

Private rI ’’HE House being moved, in pursuance of the Business. JL Order of Yesterday, that Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any Private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any Private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pechell Mr. Speaker,

Salted The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Beef, &c. to continue an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland* for a limited Time; and for allowing the

Importation of Salted B^eff Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Pool See. Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Road*, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and *4

others, residing in or near the Towns of Pool, Nezv-town, Llanidloes, Machynlleth, Llanfy and

in the County of Montgomery, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Francis Chambre, being examined, said, That he knows the Roads leading from the Town of Pool, to and through the several Places mentioned in the Petition, in the several Counties of Salop, Montgomeryand Merioneth; and that the same are very ruinous and dangerous, and in several Parts thereof very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being:

That it is intended a Bridge should be built over the River Severn, for which a Subscription is opened, and the Sum of £. 800. subscribed, which is as much as the Expence of the same wilt amount to, according to an Eltim&te made thereof.

That in order to make the said Roads of more public Utility, it will be necessary to Hop up Two Roads, the One leading under Penyrallt Hill, into the Road from Machynlleth to Dolguog, and the other leading up the Brook ’ Lie dan, behind the Town of Pool, to which are at present of little or no Use, and maybe stopped up without any Prejudice to Travellers.

Then an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for amending and widening several Roads in the Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, was read; whereby it appears, that Power is given to erect any Gate or Turnpike upon, or across, any Part of the Roads in the said Act mentioned.

And the Witness said. That great Inconveniences may srife to the Inhabitants of that Part of the Country, if the Trustees are not restrained from erecting a Gate between the Town of Pool and the Division of the Two Roads in the Township of Tyddynpridd, leading from Pool to Montgomery, and from Pool to Newtown.

Mr. John Evans confirmed the aforegoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot Repairing and widening the several Roads leading from Pool, Llanidloes, Newtown, Machynlleth, Llanfyllin, and Llanfair, in the County of Montgomery; and also the Road leading from Mardu, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsburyto Pool: And that Mr. Kynaston Mr. Pulteney, and the Lord Clive, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Weymouth, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eltfting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- 1 ment for the Borough of Weymouth and,

in the County of Dorset, in the Room of Jeremiah Dyson,

Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cardigan the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the- Wm* Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cardigan, in the room of the Right honourable WUmot, Lord Viscount Lisburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the GttsnfieU,

Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from D&c-' the Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to the °oa North Limits of the Township of Mand from Mojlyn to Henltan, and from Llanerchy Mor to Pen y Fordd Wain,

mthe Counties of Flint and Denbigh, was committed That

the

9 Geo. III. 21 — 2 20 Decembris. 117

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they-had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Doveridge, An ingrafted Bill to empower the Right-honourable Sir Henry Cavendish, Baronet, to shut up certain Roads and a Foot Path, in the Parish of Doveridge, in the County of Derby; and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, a new Road and Foot Path, in Lieu thereof; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act' to empower the Right honourable Sir Henry Cavendish, Baronet, to (hut up certain Roads and a Foot Path, in the Parish of Doveridge, in the County of Derby; and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, a new Road and Foot Path, in Lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Denbigh, Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Stc. Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road Road. from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Avon Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the Hopfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dorchester, Mr. John Darner reported from the Committee, to See. whom the Bill for amending, widening, altering, clearing, 04 and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of > and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool to the said Borough; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the- Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally pur thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bs

ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act made in the Militia. Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing the said Act: And that the Lord Strange, Mr. Rice, Mr. Ridley, Sir George Savile, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Alderman , Sir

John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. John Robinson, Mr. Ewer, Mr.

Mr. Vane, Mr. Morton, and Sir Simeon Stuart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Ditto, His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, all Returns of the State of the Regiments, Battalions, and Independent Companies of Militia, at the Times of Annual Exercise, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, which have been transmitted to the Office of Secretary of State, in Pursuance of the Directions of an Act of Parliament passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His’

Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Annual Expence of the Militia, in the several Counties of England and Wales, from the Year 176a to the Year 1768, both inclusive, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That Henry Baldwin do attend this House Mr. Wilkes, upon Friday the 27th Day of January next.

Ordered, That John Szvan do attend this House at the same time.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing at Cromarty the Bar of this House, the’Mitter of the Petition of Ele&ioa, George Bean, Clerk at the late Election of a Knight to serve in Parliament for the County of Cromarty, complaining of an undue Return for the said County; and also of so much of the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Gordon, of Invergordon, Baronet, as relates to the Merita of the said Return;

Ordered, That the said George Bean be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Sir John Gordon be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County of Cromarty,

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow1 Morning, Nind of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° die Decembris t

Anno 9° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1768.

Land Tax. Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting 4n Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 32.

Prayers.

jpEfolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn to Th the 19th Day of January next.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to Whitechapel whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Vestrymen, Street*, and Principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Mary

H h Matfelon

118 22° Decembris.A, 1768.

Whitechaptl Matfelon, otherwise White ,in the County of

Streets. Middlesex, the City of Land in the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of Lo, and also of the Principal Inhabitants in the Precinct of Well in the said Liberty, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as f^lloweth; viz.

1 To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edward Hawkins, being examined, said, that the Streets and other Places, within the said Parish and Precinct, are-very ill paved, and greatly obstructed by Ports, and annoyed by Signs, Spouts, Gutters, and other Incroachments.

That the High Street of the said Parish is a principal Avenue to the Cities of London and and

greatly frequented by Travellers, to and from the said Cities, to several Parts of this Kingdom.

That notwithstanding the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Precinct, are heavily burthened with Taxes, towards watching, lighting, and cleaning the feme, and providing for the Poor, which are extremely numerous, are willing to submit to an additional-Tax towards paving the feme in a better Manner.

That there are several Houses and other Buildings, which project so far into the Streets, as not only to cause the Footway to be very incommodious; but also to obstruct the Passage of Carriages, by which means Accidents frequently happen by the'overturning of such Carriages.

That there is a House on the East Side of Somerset Street, and Three Houses at the South End of the said Street, which project so far as greatly to obstruct the Passage of Carriages: That the Three last mentioned Houses are very ruinous, and the'Landlord told the Witness he had no Objection to their being taken down.

That the Two Corner Houses at the South End of White Lion Street, project so far as to make the turning very dangerous for Carriages, and ought to be taken down: That the Witness has not spoken t.o the Proprietors of any of the said Houses except the Three above-mentioned; but has not heard any Objections made to their being taken down.

That the present Rates, within the said Parish and Precinct, are so high that the Inhabitants will not be able to complete this Undertaking, unless they are aided by a small daily Toll upon Horses and other Cattle, and upon Hay and Straw, which shall be brought, fold, or pitched, on Market Days in any Part of the said Parish.

_ Mr, Samuel Wood and Mr. Samuel Hawkins confirmed the aforegoing Evidence: And Mr. Hawkins added, That the Whole of the Rates already imposed, together with the additional Expence of pavipg, will amount to Six Shillings in the Pound, and that the Parish are now 3000l. in Debt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving fuel) Parts of the Parirti of Saint Mary otherwise White Chapel, and the Precinct of Close, as lie in the.;County of and Liberty of the

Tower of London, and Parts of certain Streets adjoining to the said Parish and Precinct; and for opening such Passages as are therein mentioned: And that Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Trecothick, and Sir John Hynde Cotton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hilborowe Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Commons, and YVaftc Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hilborowe, in the County of Norfolk, was committed* That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the 18

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except who is possessed of about 75 Acres of the Lands intended to be inclosed, who refused to sign the Bill, except he knew where his Land would be allotted; and’ that the whole of the Lands- to be inclosed consist of about 2483 Acres); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Lan<l Tax^ Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thou fend Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, was read a Second Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday the 26th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at Length.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdejwellbe added to the Cirencester, Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring tec.

in, a Bill to continue, amend, and render more effec-. Road,

tual, an Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from, the Town of Cirencester, in the County of to the Monument upon Lanfdowin the same County.

Mr. Dowdejwell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to the Monument upon Lansdown, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Militia. Account of such Sums of Moneyas have been paid into His Majesty’s Exchequer, frorh any County, in Puifu-ance of any Act for Railing and Training the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, from the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, to One thousand Seven hundred* and Sixty-eight, as far as the feme can be madeup; distinguishing the Sums paid by each County in each Year.

The House being informed, that the Committee of Hramber Privileges and Elections had made a further Progress in Ele^ion« the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Thoroton and Charles Ambler, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of Sussex;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do, this Afternoon, at Three of the

Clock, .

r

Bodmin,

&c.

Roads,

Tetney

Iaclosure.

9 Geo. III. 19 Janvarii.- 119

Clock, proceed to the further Hearing of the Matter of in the County of whose Names are thereunto;

the said Petition. set, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth, That the Lands and Grounds belonging to the And then the House adjourned till ThursJay, the 19th several Proprietors, in tire Open Fields, Meadows,

Day of January next. Nine of the Clock in the Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the said Morning. Parish, lie greatly dispersed and intermixed, and, in

their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable

----------;--------------- Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may

be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Jovis, I Q° die 'Yanuarii I said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House

J 9 shall seem fit.

Anno 9° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1769. Orde, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Prayers. Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Alderman , and Mr.

cat, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mayor and Corporation of the

Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, A Petition of George Esquire, Lord Wil^uthh

of the several Gentleman, Clergy, Freeholders, and of the Manor of South Willingham, in the County of iSfureT Occupiers of Lands, residing in or near, and travelling Lincoln, and Proprietor of Part of the Lands and on, the Roads thereafter mentioned, in the County Grounds in the Parish of South Willingham aforesaid, aforesaid, and of divers other Gentlemen, Clergy, and of the Reverend Grove Curtois, Rector of the Parish Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the said County, whose and Parish Church of South Willingham aforesaid, was Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That House, and read; Setting forth. That the Highways within the said Parish there are certain Open and leading from Kennard's House, in the Parish of South- Common Fields and Grounds, confiding of Arable, petherwin, in the said County, over Hickes's Mill Bridge, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, distinguished by the through the Parishes of Lawannick, Alternon, Saint Neot, several Names of The High and Fields, North Fields,

Cardinham, Temple, Blijland, the Borough and Town of Boor Syke, Ings, Holmes, Moors, and

Bodmin, and the Parish of Bodmin, by Way of Lavendonor other Names, containing together, by Estimation,

Lane, and from thence through the Parishes of Lanevet, 1800 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands lie in-Luxilian, Roach, Saint Columb Major, and as far as termixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation,

Higher Fraddon, at the Western End of Fair Mile are incapable of improvement: And therefore praying.

Commons, in the Parish of Saint Enoder, in the said That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the County of Cornwall, being by several Miles the nearest dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Way, and Part of the great Poll Road from London Fields and Grounds, in the Parish of South Willingham ' to the Port of Falmouth, in the said County, and like- aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, wife to The Lands End in Cornwall; and also that the as to the House shall seem meet.

Roads leading through Bodmin, and the Parishes of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Lanhydrock and Landlivery, in the said County, as far (uant to the Prayerof the said Petition: And that Lord as No Man's Land, in the said Parish of Landlivery; Brownlozv Bertie, Mr. Alderman Crosby, and Mr Which-and also the Roads leading from the said Town of ro/, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bodmin, through the Borough of Bodmin, and Parish

of Lanhydrock, over Refprin Bridge, and through the A Petition of the Honourable George Hobart, Lord of Ludboroegh Parishes of Saint Winnow and Broadoke, in the said the Manor of Ludborough, in the County of Lincoln, Inclosure. County, as far as where the Bodmin Road, near the the Reverend Henry Thoro/d, Rector of Ludborough Four Burrows, joins the Road leading from Loflwithiell, aforesaid, and others, Proprietors of Lands, and other! to the Town of Liskeard, in the said County; and also wife interested, in the Open Fields, Maadows, Common the Roads leading from the said Town of Bodmin, Pastures and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of through the Borough of Bodmin, over Dunmeer Bridge, Ludborough aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto set, and through the Parishes of Bodmin and Eglojhayle, to was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

Wadebridge, in the said Parish of Eglojhayle, in the said That the Lands and Grounds, belonging to the several

County; and also the Roads leading from the said Town Proprietors, in the said Open Fields, Meadows, Common

of Bodmin, through the Borough and Parish of Bodmin, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, lie greatly dispersed and

and Parish of Helland to Helland Bridge;and also the intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable

Roads leading from the said Town of Bodmin, through of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave

the Borough and Parish of Bodmin, and the Parishes of may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing

Helland and Blijland, to Key Bridge arc severally in a the said Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and

very bad and ruinous Condition, and cannot, by the Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall

Laws in being, be sufficiently repaired, amended, and seem meet. -

kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-

may be given for bringing in a Bill for the better suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord

and more effectual repairing and widening the said Brownlow Mr. Alderman Crosby, and Mr Which-

several Highways and Roads, in such Manner, and by Cot do prepare, and bring m, the fame.

such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem J

meet. Sir William Maynard presented to the House, ac- Harlow Bush

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Common

lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of King George to^^so:d

the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall ap- the First, and the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, 04 ’

to them, to the House: for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow

And it is referred to Sir George Yonge, Mr. Fane, See.: Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the the County of: And the same was received; and Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to read the First Time.

fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Horfington Tithes, and Common Right, within the Parish of Tetney, Commons and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Inclosure.

Vol. 3a. Horfuigton

120

190 Janu.

A, 1769.

Horjington, in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Parish, several Commons and Commonable Lands, which are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several

and Copyholders, and Owners and Proprietors of Lands, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, Francis is Lord of the Manor of Highe aforesaid, and Owner of a confidfcrable Estate in the said Manor, confiding of divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and

Proprietors, it would greatly increase the Value of the said Hereditaments, the greatest' Part whereof is known by Lands, to the Advantage of the respective Owners, and ' " '' ’ " ’ ’ ’ "

the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given tq bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Waller, and Mr. Alderman Cro/by do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Saint A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Birthoiorrew Poor, Vestry-men, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish

(London)

Streets.

Rauert’s

.Nat.

of Saint Bartholomew the Great London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselvesand the red of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House^and read } Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the said Paridi, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, certain Trustees are appointed for those Purposes; but, for Want of Power to pave the said Parish, the Pavement thereof in general is in a bad Condition, and many Nuisances remain in the Streets, to the great Annoyance of Passengers; and that the said Act has, in several other Particulars, been found defective: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to briogin a Bill to explain, amend, and render the said Act more effectual, by granting further Power to the said Trudtes, and enabling them to pave the said Streets, &c. and to remove Annoyances therein: under i such Regulations and Restrictions as to the Hqyfe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame; as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Cro/by,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Qlock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pei fons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Peter Rauert, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave may be given to bring a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Barrow and the Lord Burgherfh, do prepare, and bring any of the Country Powers in , by the India

the Name of Morley Park, and the several other Petitioners are respectively intituled to other Messuages,

Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as well Freehold as Copyhold, Part of, and within, the feme Manor; and that there is a certain Common, or Uninclosed Piece of Ground, called Belper Ward, lying in the several Townships of Belper and High edge, in the Parish of Duffield, in the said County, containing, by Estimation, about taco Acres, and lies open and unfenced between the said Townships, so that the Cattle belonging to the Inhabitants and Commoners of the said several Townships pasture in Common, and that such Custom or Usage of pafluring in Common, upon the said Ward is inconvenient and hurtful; and therefore the Petitioners are desirous to dellroy and put an End to the feme, and that such Part, and so much, of the said Ward, as belongeth to Highedge aforesaid, containing, by Estimation, about 600 Acres, should be inclosed and divided: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Charies TMr. Bagnal

Clarke, and the Lord Frederick Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon East Info the 9th Day of December 1766, That there be laid Company.

" before this House, Copies of all Treaties with, and " Grants from, any one of the Country Powers in " India, from the Year 1756, to the Year 1766, both Years inclusive; together with all Letters, or Extracts of Letters or Correspondence, between the East India Company, and their Officers and Servantsrin India, relative thereto," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Order, made'

Upon the said 9th Day of December 1766, " That there " be laid before this House, a State of the Revenue in " Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, or elsewhere in , according to the best Acccounts before and finee the " Grants of the Dewaunees,"might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly; <

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Treaties made with, and Grants received from.

t

Mereworth

&c.

Roads.

in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roa^ leading from Mereworth Cross through West Peckham, Shipbcurne, Igthatn, and Wroth to the Road leading from. Seal to Wrotham Heath; and also the Road leading

Company, subsequent to those which were laid before this House in the Year 1767, together with all Letters, and Extracts of Letters or Coircspondence, between the East India Company and their Servants, relative thereto.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

from the House of William Dalifon, Esquire, to the Road count of the present State of the Territorial Acquisitions

and Revenues obtained in India, by the East India Company, finee the Year 1756.

A Petition of Lilliugften'Thompfott, Esquire, Lord of Ebberflon

the Manor of Ebberston, in the North Riding of the hidofure.

Highedge

Inclosure.

at the West End of Hadlow Street, in the County of Kent; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Mereworth Cross, to the Road leading from Seal to Wrotham Heath; and also the said Road, from opposite County of York, the very Reverend John Fountayne, the House of‘William Dalifon, Esquire, to Hadlow Street, Doctor of Divinity, and Dean of the Cathedral Church in the County of Kent: of York, and others the Impropriators of the Tythes,

Ordered, That Lord George Sackville do carry the Bill Great and Small, arising or i flu ing in, or out of, any

Lands or Grounds, within the Manor of , aforesaid, and the several Owners of Houses and Lands having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor of Ebberston, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That

within

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Francis Hurt, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Highedge, in the County of Derby, and of the several other Persons who Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, Commoners, Freeholders,

Geo. III. 10° jcdtuariu 121

within the said Manor, there are several large Open Fields, and also very large and extensive Commons and Waste Grounds, containing altogether about 8000 Acres of Open and Uninelofed Grounds; or thereabouts, which are at present of small Use or Value; and that* if the same Were divided and inclosed, they Would be capable of very great Improvement; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fordividing and allotting the several Open Fields, and other Open Grounds, Commons, and Wades, within the said Township.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lascelles and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

EWinpton, . Petition of the Lord of the Manor of inclosure.* in the Ead Riding of Yor, the Rector of aforesaid, and the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, in the Manor and Parish of Elvington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the said Paridi, there are Four Open Fields, and several Parcels of Meadow Ground, called lugs, in which the Lands and Grounds of the said Proprietors lay dispersed and intermixed; and another Parcel of Ground, called Elvington upon which all the Proprietors have Right of Common, and of cu(ting and taking away Whins and Turves upon and from the said Moor; and the said Rector is in titled to all the Tithes arising from all and every of them; all which, for want of being inclosed, cannot be cultivated and improved to Advautage; and that all the Parties interested therein have mutually consented apd . agreed to accept of particular Parcels of Ground,

within the said Fields, Ings, and Common, for and in Lieu of their several dispersed and intermixed Parts; and the said Rector hath also agreed to accept of such - . Parcels, with an annual Sum of Money to be paid to him

* and his Successors, by the said Proprietors, respectively, in Proportion to their several Rights: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying into Execution, and for confirming, the said Consent and Agreement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lascelles, and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

New Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at

Radnor the Bar of this House, the Matter of the several Petitions, keAion. comp]aining Qf an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Nezv Radnor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Northampton Ordered, That the Order of the Day for hearing at Ekaion. the Bar of this House the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable 'Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue' Election and Return for the Borough of Northampton, be now read. _ .

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next, at Eleven of the Clock.

Ditto* Ordered, That the several Orders of the Day for the Attendance of Joseph Peachy George John

Baker, Joseph Wills, and several Persons, who were Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Sepulchre, in the Town of Northampton, for the Year 1767 and 1768, be now read. '

And the said Orders being read accordingly}

Vol. 32.

Ordered, That the said several Persons dd attend this House upon Tuesday next, at Eleven of the Clock

Ordered, That the Ojder of the Day, for hearing at Bewdley the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Sit Ele&tou. Edward Winnington, of* Stanford Court, in the county of . Worcester, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election are} Return for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County

Worctfer, be now read. f

And the said Order being read accordingly; . -r

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next, at Ten of the Clock.

' ' ' t

The other Order of the Day being readI;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the: Matter of Yarmouth the several Petitions, complaining of an Undue Election ^Eieffcon. and Return for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the life Wight, in the County of Southampton.

And the Counsel w^re called in.

And the said Petitions were read. ♦

And the Standing Order of the House, made the i6thr Day of January i'?35> for retraining the Counsel, at; the Bar of this House, or before the Committee Privi*' leges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County^ Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, ’ ot Place, contrary to the lad Determination of the House of Commons, was also read.-

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard; and having Hated the Right of eleding Burgesses to serve in' Parliament for the said Borough, to beih the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough, the fame was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the original Poll, taken at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, being produced.; , . '

The Counsel for the Petitioners infilled, they should disqualify the Votes of 20 Persons, who voted for the Sitting Members, as beidg illegally elected Free Burgestes. '

And, in order thereto, a'Copy of the original Charter of the said Borough, granted in the Reign of King j fames the First, was produced to shew, That the Power of making Bye Laws, and eleding a Mayor of the said Borough, is in the Mayor and Eleven Chief Burgesses \)f the Borough for the Time being, or the major Part of them, whereof the Mayor to be One} which was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

Then several of the Corporation Books of the said Borough were produced in order to shew, that John Leigh, Esquire, was, on the 2 ill Day of September *759, elected Mayor of the said Borough, at a Meeting of the Mayor and only Three Chief Burgesses, there being then Eleven such Burgesses existing; and that Thomas Grimes, Esquire, was elected a Chief Burgess of the said Borough while the said Mr. Leigh acted as Mayor, and' was, on the 21st Day of September 1765, chosen Mayor of the said Borough; and that while the said Mr.

Grimes acted as Mayor, the Reverend Doctor Walker, and the Reverend Mr. John Oglander, were elected Chief Burgesses of the said Borough; and the Twenty Persons objected to by the Counsel for the Petitioners were oleded Free Burgesses of the said Borough, at a Meeting held by the said Mr. Grimes and Fivi Burgesses only, of which the said Doctor Walker and Mr; Oglander were '

Two: All which was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

The Copy of the Record of the Proceedings on an Information in the Court of King’s Bench, in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, against John Leigh, Esquire, was produced, in order to shew, that Judgment had been given against the; said Mr. Leigh, for having acted as Mayor of the said Borough, from the 24th Day of 0

September, in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty,

I i to

122

19° — 20® Jamarii.

A. 1769.

Yarmouth to the lid Day of September following — And also. Copies of the Records of the Proceedings on Two c several Informations in the Court of King’s Bench, in the Nature of Quo Warranto, against the Reverend Doctor Rickard Walkerand the Reverend John

were likewise produced, in order to shew that Judgment of Oujler had been given against them respectively, to aernove them from the Office of Chief Burgesses of the said Borough: All which was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

Then. the Minutes of a Special Verclifl, at the last Lent Affixes held at Win, upon a Trial on an Information in the Nature of a Quo , against the said Thomas Grimes, Esquire, to shew by what Authority he claimed to be a Chief Burgess of the said Borough, were produced, and read.

And a Bye Law, in one of the Corporation Books, made lift Day of September 1670, was read.

Then the Entry in the Journal of the House, upon the nth Day of April 1717, of Part of the Report of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, relating to the said Borough, and the Resolution of the House, that the said Bye Law was a good Bye Law, were read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners summed up their Evidence.

Then the Counsel for the SittingMembers were heard j and an Entry in One of the said Corporation Books, of the 21st Day of September 167a, was read, in order to shew, that several Free Burgeftcs were then madecontrary ho the said Bye Law.

And the said Counsel for the Sitting Members having proposed to read Thirteen other Instances of Free Burgesses being made contrary to the said Bye' Lawj

The same was admitted by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members having summed up their Evidence »

One of the Counsel for the Petitioners Was heard, by Way of Reply.

Then the Counsel on both Sides we re directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question- being put. That John Leigh, Esquire, was, on the 21st Day of September 1759, legally elected Mayor of the said Borough;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Thomas , Esquire, being elected

a Chief Burgess during the pretended Mayoralty of the ijhd John Leigh, was not legally elected a Chief Burgess of the said Borough, and was therefore incapable of being elected Mayor of the said Borough on the 21 It Day of September 1765.

Re/blved, That the Reverend’ Doctor , and the

Reverend Mr. John Oglander, being elected Chief Burgesses during the pretended Mayoralty of the said Thomas Grimes, were not legal Chief Burgesses of the said Borough.

Resolved, That the Election of the Twenty Free Burgesses objected to by the Counsel for the Petitioners, elected during the pretended Mayoralty of Thomas Grimes, Esquire, at an Assembly in which the said Thomas Grimes pretided, and at which the said Doctor Walker and Mr. Oglander attended^ and voted as Two of the Five Chief Burgesses in the Election of the said Twenty Burgesses, was illegal and void.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Jervoise Clarke, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton;

It passed in the Negative. ‘

And a motion being made, and the Question being put, That William Strode, Esquire, is. duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved,- That the Honourable George Lane Parker is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton.

Resolved, That Thomas Esquire, is duly

elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, by rafing out the Names of Jervoise Clarke, Esquire, and William Strode, Esquire, and inlerting the Names of the Honourable George Lane Posher, and Thomas Dummer, Esquire, instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die J

1

Anno, 90 Georgii III,;1 Regis,. 1769. Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attending according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Warwick Bamfylde have Leave to stay in the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That an Account be bid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1768, have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1768.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the Thirty-first Day of December 1768, be laid before this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pec hell and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

Tl*e Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Parish and Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: and also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Lewis Dtedrick Hefhuyfen, without any Amendment: and also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Biddulph, Esquire, and his Three Infant Sons, John Biddulph, Charles , and Thomas

dulph, to grant Leal'esof certain Manors, Capital and other Messuages, Mansion Houses, Farms, Lands, Tenements,

Yarmouth

(lll« of Wigltf) Election.

Leave oi Abfeoce.

Expiring

Lawk

Accoimt*

ordered.

Ne»*

Windsor

Streets.

Hefltuvffn's

Nat.

Qiddulph’s

Ettaie.

Account relented; Militia.

Privilege.

9 Geo. III. 20 Januarii. 123

nements, and Hereditaments, situate in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and of which they

are Tenants for Life successively j to which the Lords detire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr Hughjon, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of such Sums of Money, as have been paid into*His Majesty's Exchequer, from any County, in Pursuance of any Act for raising and training the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called from the Year 176210 1768, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Sums paid by each County in each Year. . -

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of such Sums of Money as have been paid into His Majesty’s Exchequer, from any County, in pursuance of any Act for raiting and training the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, from the Year 1762 to 1768, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Slims paid by each County in each Year.

From the County of Nottingham Sox the Year 1762 From - ..... DV- - 176

From 767

From the County of Derb for the Year 1766 From - - - D° - - - 1767 From the County of Sussex for the Year 1766

Exchequer, the 20th Day of January 1769.

£. s, d

- 1,647 2 7*

- 2,400 — —

- 2,400 — —

- 2,809 — —

- 2,800 -

- 2,097 10 1.

£.14,144 12 8

John Hug

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Complaint being made to the House, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, John Harris did, upon the 14th Day of December last, write a falseand libellous Letter, directed to Mr. Scroope Colquilt, who acted as Cleric to the Committee of Merchants at Liverpool, with respect to some Words that passed between Sir William Meredith, Baronet, a Member of this House, and the said John Harris, relating to an Application making to this House, from the Town of Liverpool -,

And a Copy of the said Letter being delivered in at the Table, and read;

Ordered, That the said John Harris do attend this House, upon Friday the 17th Day of February next, to answer the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Scroope Colquilt do attend this House at the same Time, and bring with him the original Letter of Mr. Harris, dated London, December the 14th 1768, of which a Copy has been, this Day delivered in to this House.

Qrdtred, That John Tarleton, Esquire, do attend this House at the same time.

Ordered, That Thomas Smyt Esquire, do attend this House at the same time.

Ordered, That James Clegg, Esquire, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Phillips, of do,

attend this House at the same Time. .

Vol. 32.

The Lord North presented to the House} by His Ma<* American jesty’s Command, Colomw*

N* ,i. Extract of a Letter from the Earl of rough 'to the Honourable Major General Gage, dated Whitehall, 10th December 1768: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Lords of th£ Admiralty to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 14th 1768: Indofing,

Copy of a Letter from Captain Smith, dated BoJ-ton, 26th October 1768 j received 14th December: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Honourable Major General Gage to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated,

31 HOctober 1768; received 23d Incloling,

Copy of the Addressof thcSubscribers, Members of His Majesty’s Council of Bay,

to the Honourable Major General Gage; with the General’s Answer thereto: And also,

N° 4. Extract of a Letter from the Honourable Major General Gage to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Boston, 3d November 1768 5 received 23d December t And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Boston, ill November 1768; received 23d December: Indofing,

Copy of the Answer of the Justices.

Copy of Governor Bernard's Order -

thsvate, Esquire.

Minutes of Council of Bo/lon, of the 12th, 17th,

and z6ih October 1768: And alfog

N* 6.

.124 20® — 23° Januarii. 1769.

American N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Governor to

0 tire Earl of Hillsborough, dated Boston, 5th November *768 } received 23 December: Inclosing,

Copy of the Address of the Subscribers, Members of His Majesty’s Council of MajJ'achxfet’s,

to the Honourable Major General G<argv, with the General’s Arffwer thereto: And also,

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to the Honourable Major General Gage, dated Whitehall, 24 December 1768; And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of to Governor Bernard, dated Whitehall, 24 December 1768: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Boston, 12th November 1768; received 30th December :And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Boston, 14 November 1768; received 30th December: Arid also,

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of rough to Governor Bernard, dated Whitehall, - 4th January 1769: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 7th January 1769: Inclosing,

Ext rad ora Letter from Commodore Hood, to Mr. Stephens, dated Boston Harbour, 15th 1768.

Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 22d November 1768.

Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 25th November 1 768.

Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 27th November 1768: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Earl of , dated 13th January 1769: Inclosing,

Extra# of a Letter from Commodore Hood to Mr. Stephens, dated Boston Harbour, 7th December 1768; received 13th January: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Boston, 30th November 1768; received 16th January: And alto,

N° 15. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated the 5th December 1768 i received 16th January: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 19th Ja+ nuary 1769: Inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Commodore Hood, dated Boston Harbour, the 12th December 1768} received 19th January.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon Monday the 28th Day of November last, and the 7th Day of December last, by His Majesty’s Command,

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Poole Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Ekdion. Privileges and Ele#ions, upon the Matter of the Petition.

of Jojepk Guston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Ele#ion and Return for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

v _ ‘

Colchester The House was moved, that the Order made upon Election. Thurjdaythe 17th Day of November last, that it be an Inllr.u#ion to the Committee of Privileges and Ele#i-ons, that they do hear on this Day the Matter of the Petition of Alexander Fordyce, Esquire, complaining ot 181

an. undue Ele#ion and Return for the Borough of Col-, chester, in the County of Essex, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly *

Ordered, That the said Ordej^e discharged.

The House was also moved, that the Order, made Poole upon Monday the 12th Day of December last, " That it Election, be an Instru#ion to the Committee of Privileges and,

Ele#ions, that they do hear the Matter of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Ele#ors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, and examine into the Manner of procuring and signing the fame, next after they shall have examined the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Thoroton and Charles,

Esquires, complaining of an undue Ele#ion and Return for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex," might be read.

ATk} the same being read accordingly *

Ordered, That the said Order.be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Colchester of Privileges and Ele#ions, that they do hear the Mat- Elettioa. ter of the Petition of Alexander Fordyce, Esquire, complaining of an undue Ele#ion and Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, next after they shall have heard the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Thoroton, and Charles Am, Esquires, com->

plaining of an undue Ele#ion and Return for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Poole mittee, that they do hear the Matter of the Petition of Eleaioo. the several Persons whose Names are thereunto feribed, being Ele#ors for Members to lerve io Parliament for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorsetx and also examine into the Manner of procuring and signing the fame, next after they shall have heard, the Matter of the Petition of Alexander Fordyce, Efauire, conjpjfin-ing of an undue Ele#ion and Return Tor the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex.

The Orders of the Day being read »

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Ways night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mcaw* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.,

And. then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna.23* die Januarii;

Anno 9" Georgii IIItU Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of ciy<je the City of Glasgow, was presented to the House, Navigation, and read; Reciting several Parts of an A#, made in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the.

City of Glasgow, and building a Bridge cross the said River; and setting forth, That, since passing of the said A#, the said Magistrates and Council have caused a more accurate Survey of the said River to be taken, and are advised, by expert and able Engineers, that, without increasing the Tolls and Duties granted by the said A#, further and greater Improvements may be made in the Navigation of the said River, to the great Advantage of the Trade of the Island, for doing whereof the Power and Authority of Parliament is necessary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in

a Bill

Sr. Martin Je Grand Paving, &c.

Denbigh*

&c.

Roads.

Greenfield*

kc.

Road.

Ramsgate

Harbour.

9 Geo. III. 23" Januarii. 125

a Bill for explaining and amending the Act before to raise Fifty thousand Pounds, of the said Seventy mentioned, and other Purposes tending towards improv- thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities for Lives, to be ing the Navigation of the River Clydeaforesaid. payable out of the said Duties; and setting forth. That

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- the Trustees to the said Act, soon after the passing the re-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine of, did settle and impose the several Rates of Tonnage the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- mentioned in the Petition; and have caused Works to

pear to them, to the House: be begun, and carried on, for making a large and com-

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. modious Harbour at Ramsgate, and great Progress has Edmonfione, $cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, been made towards fimilling and completing the fame, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and which, when done, will be very useful and commodious have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. to Ships and Vessels; and that a considerable Sum of

Money has been exposed, in carrying on the said An ingrafted Bill for the better paving, cleansing, Works, and several Sums have been raised by Sale of lighting, and watching, the Liberty of Saint Martin le Annuities, chargeable on the said Duties, by virtue of

Grand, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the said Act, and of another Act passed in the Fifth

the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Obstruc- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by which tions and Annpyances therein; was. read the Third the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, by the said first Time. mentioned Act, enabled to be raised by Sale of Annui-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ties, is increased to Seventy thousand Pounds; and be, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, the whole of the Annuities now payable in respect thereof, and watching, the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, to the surviving Annuitants, amount together to the N within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County yearly Sum of Four thousand Nine hundred and Sixteen of Middlesex-, and for preventing Obstructions and An- Pounds; and that the said Trustees finding the In-

noyances therein. ' come of the said Duties, so first settled and imposed, to

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the be inadequate to the bearing and paying the Annuities

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. charged thereon, and the continuing the necessary

Works of the said Harbour, did settle and impose the An ingrafted Bill for repairing the Road from the several further Rates of Tonnage mentioned in the Town 6f Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between Nor- Petition; and that it hath been, from the Time of col-tkop and Hofyzeell, and from Avon Wen to the Town of lesting the said Duties, until very lately,' understood.

Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, was rejd that the Mailers and Owners of all Ships, and other the Third Time. Vessels, as well Foreign as British, passing the North

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title a°d South Forelands, and the Narrow Sea near Dover, be. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of whether they failed through, or put into,

Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between Nortkopand or not, and although they passed near to the French

Holywell, and from Avon Wen to the Town of Mold, in Coast, were subject, and liable, to pay the Duties, and the Counties of Denbigh and Flint the same wete paid without any Objection; but that.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the in May last, the Mailer of a Ship, or Vessel,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. haying refused to pay the said Rate, in respect of that

Ship’s Voyage from Norway to 'Penzance, where the dif-Arr ingrafted Bill for repairing the Road from the charged her Cargo, the Collector of the said Duties Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to the there distrained for the fame, for whifch the said Mailer North Limits of the Township of Mostyn, and from brought his Action in the Court of King’s Bench, which Mostyn to Henllan, and from Llanerch y Mor to Pett y was tried at the last Assizes at Bodmin; and the Court Fordd Wain, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, was determined that ,lhe was not, by theftrait Letter of the read the Third Time. Act, liable to pay the said Duties so distrained for, in

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title regard the said Ship did not come into, or pass through, be, An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike The Downs-, and that* by Means of the said Determi-Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Li- nation, the Petitioners apprehend, the Yearly Amount mits of the Township of Mostyn, and from Mostyn. to of the said Duties will be greatly lessenedy inso much Henllan, and from TJanerch y Mor to Pen y Fordd Wain, that the Rates and Duties already imposed, will not proin the Counties of Flint and Denbigh.duce sufficient to pay the said Annuities now charged Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the thereon; and the Collection of the Duties, in respect of Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Ships which shall actually pass through, or put into.

The Downs, will be rendered precarious, and are likely A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are to be eluded, in regard the Collectors Of the said Duties thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by, or will not be able, in many Cafes, to obtain Information, under, the Authority of the Act of Parliament therein whether Ships take their PaflTage through, Or put into, after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; The Dozens, or not; so.that the said Annuitants art Recking, That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second likely to be greatly prejudiced, and the Intention of Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for enlarging and - Parliament in making a useful Harbour at Ramsgate maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for deanfing, frustrated; and that the Petitioners conceive, I hat Ships amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich, which take their Passage to the South East of the Good-Power is given to impose the several Duties therein zvin Sands, between those Sands and the French Coast, mentioned, upon all British or Foreign Vessels, or where there is not safe Anchorage, have the same Benefit Crayers, going to, from, by, or into, the Harbour of of the said Harbour, as Ships passing through the Downs, Ramsgate, for the Purpose of enlarging, building, finish- in the ordinary Course of their Voyages, as in same of ing, and maintaining, the said Harbour; and that the their meeting with llormy Weather, or contrary Winds, said Act declares, that Foreign Ships passing through, they can have no safe Anchorage between the Goodwin or being detained in The Downs, should be subject, at Sands and the French Coast, but mull necessarilygo into all Times, to the same Rates and Duties, as Ships to anchor, arid, if the Weather should make

cleared out, or entered into, any of the British Ports; it necessary, they' would, from thence, find Shelter in and Power was thereby given to borrow the Sum of Ramsgate Harbour; and thb Petitioners submit to the Seventy thousand Pounds, at Interest, upon the Security House, that all Harbour or Light Duties are laid, and of the said Duties, to be applied towards the enlarging, collected, in respect of eventual Benefit, and not in completing, and maintaining, the said Harbour; and respect of Voyages only, in which Ships'aftUally receive Vol 32, Kk Benefit,

Biddulph’s

Estate.

Shawbury,

&c.

Roads.

Ingham

Inclosure.

12 6

2 30 Januarii.

A. 1769.

Benefit, in which latter same the Collection of such Duties would be rendered quite precarious: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and explain the said Act, made in the Twenty second Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign; and that the Duties thereby authorized to be collected may be charged on all Ships coming into, or passing through, the narrow Seas between Dover and Calais; or that the Petitioners may have such further Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Trecotkick, Mr. Alderman Harley, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Biddulph, Esquire, and his Three Infant Sons, John Biddulph, Charles and Thomas Biddulph, to grant Leases of certain Manors, Capital

and other Messuages, Mansion Houses, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and , of which they

are Tenants for Life successively, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, redding near the Roads therein-after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road, leading from the End of the present Turnpike Road, in Shawbury, in the County of , through

Hodnet to Drayton in Hales, in the said County; from thence over Ashley Heath to Newcastle under in the County of Stafford; and from Shaw bury aforesaid, through Walton on the Club, to the Turnpike Road in High Preat, in the said County of Salop; and from Shawbury aforesaid, to Wem, in the said County j and

from Wem to Sand ford, in the said County, where it meets the Turnpike Road between Newport and Whitchurch, are in many Places very narrow, incommodious, and in a runious Condition, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the said Roads, or that such other Relief may be granted, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet this Afterndon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Cecil Wra, Baronet, and Nevile, Esquire, joint Lords of the Manor of Ingham, in the County of Lincoln, and Proprietors of Tithes, and other Estates, within the Parish, and said Manor of Ingham, and of several other Persons, being likewise Proprietors of Estates there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor and Parish, there are several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, called the North and South Cliffs, the North and South Low Fields, the Ings, and the Ox and Cow containing together about 2000 Acres, which the Petitioners apprehend might be considerably improved, if inclosed and divided into specific Allotments, amongst the several Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Cuff and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of that Part of, the Pa- St-Aubyn’t rish of Stoke Damerell, in the County of Devon, called Plymoj^j^ Plymouth Dock, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish of Stoke Damerell, in the County of Devon, and Diocese of Exeter, is very extensive, and there is only One Church therein, which is Parochial, and no other Place for celebrating Divine Service according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, as by Law established; and that Plymouth Dock, Part of the said Parish, is near a Mile distant from the Parish Church, and the Inhabitants there have so much increased, that the said Church will not contain them; that Sir John Saint byn. Baronet, is by virtue of the last Will of Sir William Morice, Baronet, deceased, intitled for his Life to, or hath a Life Interest in, the Manor of Stoke Damerell, which extends throughout the said Parish, and alto in the Advowson and Right of Presentation to the said Parish Church, with Remainder to his first and other Sons in Tail Male, with Remainder to Sir John worth. Baronet, for Life, with Remainder to his first and other Sons in Tail, and, after other Remainders which are spent or determined, to the right Heirs of the Tef-tator; and that the said Sir John Saint Aubyn and Sir John Molesworth have both IH'ue Male; but such Issue are all Infants, under Twenty-one Years; and the said Sir John Saint Aubyn and Sir John Molesworth, as Heirs at Law of the said Testator, are intitled to the Remainder or Reversion in Fee of and in the said Manor and Advowson expectant, on the Determination of the particular precedent Estates thereof limited as aforesaid, and now capable of taking Effect; and that the said Sir John Saint Aubyn, from a Desire of promoting the Service of Almighty God, hath, with the Consent of the said Sir John Molesworth, allotted and set apart a Piece of Ground, within and Parcel of the said Manor, situate on the Eastern Side of a Street in Plymouth Dock aforesaid, called the Higher Saint Aubyn Street, and at the Eastern End of, and the Centre of the Western Side of the said Piece of Ground fronting another Street in Plymouth Dock aforesaid, called New Market Street, for the Scite of a Chapel, and Chapel Yard; and that the Petitioners, and other the Inhabitants of Plymouth Dock aforesaid, from the like Motives, have, with the Consent of the Bishop of Exeter, proposed and agreed that the said Piece of Ground shall be veiled in Commissioners for ever, with proper Powers to inclose the fame, and to erect thereupon a Chapel to be called Saint Aubyn's Chapel, and in all things to finish, furnish, and compleat the fame, and to raise Money sufficient to defray the Expences thereof, and of keeping in Repair the said Chapel, and the Walls round the fame, and the Gates leading thereto, and also for providing proper Annual Stipends, or Salaries, for the Curate and CJerk, and other Requisites for the Life and Service of the said Chapel; but, for as much as the pious and charitable Purposes aforesaid, cannot be effectually established, and carried into Execution, other than by the Aid of Parliament: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Parker, Mr, , &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

9 Geo. III. 23 0 Janua 127

Devon A Petition of the High Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy, Poor’*Relief, and Freeholders, of the County of , was presented to the House, and readSetting forth. That the Laws in being, relating to the Maintenance of the Poor of this Kingdom, are ineffectual; and that it has been found, by Experience, that the Poor are better supported, and the Lands exonerated in many Parishes of the said County, by the Edablishment of Societies under certain voluntary Agreements among themselves, to pay a small Sum Monthly, and to receive, in Consideration thereof, Weekly Allowances, whenever they are rendered incapable of Labour? but, as it often happens, that they lose the Benefit and Advantage of such Provisions, by Frauds and other Misapplications of the said Funds, and the Members of such Societies do often enter into unwarrantable Confederacies, to the Prejudice of Trade and Agriculture; and therefore, that the Poor may be better provided for, and may be secured against such Frauds and Misapplications of their Stock, and that the same may not be applied to any illegal Purposes: Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief of the Poor of the said County of Devon, by the Edablishment of such Societies, under proper Restrictions and Regulations, and to give such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pdrfons, Papers, and Records.

.Seofe Bridge A Petition of several Noblemen, Justices of the Road. Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, redding in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscrib-

ed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from alias

Scale Bridge, in the Parish of , alias in

in the County of Norfolk, through the several Towns and Parishes of Oakley, Stuston,

gate, Redgrave, BotefdaleRickinghall

hale Inferior, Wattesfield, Hepworth, Stanton All Stanton Saint John, Bardwell , Ixworth, , and

Barton, to Eajigate Bridg, in the Parish of Saint James,

in the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, is in a ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles , Sir Edward

Aftley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Harlow Bulb A Petition of several of the Trustees for repairing Common the Road, leading from a Place called Harlow Bush &c. Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Road. Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great

in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump , in Vol. 32. 1

the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County; and setting forth, that, since the said Bill has been depending in the House, the Petitioners find, that the repairing of the said Road will be attended with a further Expence than was at first apprehended, and that it will be impossible effectually to complete such Repairs, without an Increase of Toll: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. , See.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Lewin, Esquire, of , Lord Ryflip , of the Manor of Saint Katharine End, in the Parish of Indofures Ryflip, in the County of Middlesex, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living within, and being Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the said Manor and Parish, was- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said John Lewin is seised of several large and considerable Woods, and Wood-lands, commonly called Hill Wood, North Ridings Wood, Mad Wood, or

Censor's Wood, and St an dale's Wood, and also of a certain Close, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called Coat Wood Close, within the Manor and Parish aforesaid, confiding of One Hundred and Fifty Acres, or thereabouts, and the several Freeholders and Copyholders, of Customary Tenants, living within the said Manor and Parish, in respect of such their Freeholds and Copy-holds, have had and enjoyed, for Time immemorial, at certain dated Times, a Right of Common for their Cattle in, over, and upon, the said Woods, Woodlands, and Close; and that there are also, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Commons, or Wade-Grounds, called West Wood or West Coat Commons, confiding of Two Hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Woods, Wood-lands, and Close, by lying Open, and in Common, as aforesaid, suffer very great Damage, and are of little or no Advantage to the Per-, fons having Right of Common in, over, and upon, the fame; and the said Commons, or Waste Grounds, in their present Condition, yield little or no Profit or Advantage to the several Persons intereded therein, and are subject to great Incroachments, and would, if the same were inclosed, be very advantageous to the several Proprietors thereof, as well as to the Church and Poor of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Woods, Wood-lands, and Close, and the said Commons, or Waste Ground, within the Manor and Parish aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right and Intered in the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Sir Joseph Mawbey, and Sir George Macartney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Belafyfe, Esquire, Lord of the Thomley Manor of Brancepeth in the County Palatine of , Jndofure.

and of the several Freeholders and Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Vill, Village, or Township, of Thomley, within, and Parcel of, the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other the Freeholders and Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common upon a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, therein-after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That

1

Sparhauke’

Effete.

Rauert’s

Nat.

Silver Plate used by Innkeepers.

Hereford

Roads.

128 23° Januartt. A. 1769.

That there is within the said Vill, Village, or Township, a Moor, or Common, or Tract of Waste Land, containing, by Estimation, Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which the Petitioners are willing, and desirous may be indofed, cultivated, and improved, and that the same may be'for that Purpose set out and allotted unto, and divided amongst, the several Persons intitled to Right of Common thereon: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a BUI for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Clavering and Mr. Vane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Baldock, in the County of ,devised

by the Will of Edward Sparhauke, Gentleman, deceased, in Lawndey Sparhauke, Esquire, and his Heirs, dif-

chai'ged from the Uses of the said Will; and for substituting and settling an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in , in Lieu

thereof, and to the like Uses; was read a Second Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hal fey, Mr. fVilfon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tolls, for the Purposes of the Act, Part whereof remains unpaid; yet, by reason of the Number, Length, and Badness of the said several Roads, the said Trustees have not been able to repair all Parts thereof; and such Parts thereof as have been amended, will soon become ruinous, if the same are not constantly kept amended; and that the Roads leading from Saint to-

wards the Town of Monmouthfo far as Hill, and from Pontrylas Brleading towards the Town of Abergavenny, so far as Langua , would

be of great public Convenience by joining several Turnpike Roads in the County of , if the fame were repaired and effectually amended, but at present are very ruinous; and as the repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, the several before mentioned Roads, cannot be done by the ordinary Means and Provisions Of the Laws of this Realm, without the Assistance of Parliament; Therefore praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratkm of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Foley, Mr. Cornwall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter Rauert: And the Act for Naturalizing Henry was read a Second

fame was received; and read the First Time. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. RThat the Bill be committed to Mf. Halsey,

Sir George Savile, &c.: and they are to meet this Af-A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Mr. Cuddon: Chamber.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold reported to the repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh and House, that their Address of the Twenty-

Eighth Years of the Reign of Kxng William the Third, first Day of December last, that the Returns therein

intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, as reftFains commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will

any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or give Directions accordingly.

Victualling House, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors by Retail, from publicly using any Ordered, That Mr. Walsh have Leave to stay in the Leave of wrought or manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Country, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Vessel thereof, except Spoons; and for putting an End

to Prosecutions commenced for Offences against such The Lord Barrington presented to the House pur- Estimates Part of the said Act; without any Amendment: And suant to their Address to His Majesty, &c.

also. Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty ’s Land presented;

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-Pay in Army

' empower Richard Garth, Esquire, to make Leases of Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, his settled Estates, in the County of Surrey, for build- for the Year 1769: And also,

ing upon, and improving the same; to which the Lords Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of desire the Concurrence of this House. Chelsea Hospital for the Year 1769: And also.

And then the Messengers withdrew. Estimate of the Charge of Half-Pay and Allowances

And the said Bill was read the First Time. to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and Marines for the Year 1769: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Wi- .

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy; and principal dows of Officers who have'died on Half-Pay, for the Inhabitants, residing in and near the City of Hereford, Year 1769 i And also,

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His of an Act passed in the Third Year of his late Ma- Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the jesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the Establishment of Half-Pay in Great Britain, and who City of Hereford; and also of a subsequent Act, passed were married to them before the 45th of December, in the 22d Year of the Reign of his said late Ma- 17x6, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the jesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the -afore- Year *769.

said Act, and for repairing the Roads therein mentioned. And the Titles of the said Lifts and Estimates were leading from the said City of Hereford to Harewoods read.

Inn, and to the Parish of The Lea, in the said County The said Estimate of the Charge of the Out Penfio-of Hereford; and setting forth, That, although the ners of Chelsea Hospital i3 as followeth; and the said Money arising thereby has been duly applied, and the Lifts, and the rest of the said Estimates, are preserved Trustees have borrowed Money, on the Credit of the amongst the other Papers of this Session.

17 „ ESTI-

Uthoff’s Nat. 1

Answer to Address for Papers.

23* Jamarii.

9 Geo. III.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1769,

1 Per Diemt I For 365 Days.

13,315 Out Pensioners (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at $d. per Diem each ----- 103 Letter Men, at nd.per Dim each ---- 31 Serjeants, at 9 d.per Diem each 3i9 5 1 1 i 3 I 116,457 16 3 3 — *>#79 l5 — 3 3 j 424

15.449 I 325 7 61 118,761 17 6

From which Deduct, I J

The Sum of Eleven thousand Three hundred Sixty-seven Pounds, One Shilling and Eight Pence, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying the Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1769 - - M - j 11,367 1 8

4 Remains to be granted upon Account, for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea 1 Hospital, for the Year 1769 - . - - . - - - I S J - I £ io7>394 1$ 10

War Office, 23d January 1769.

Barrington.

Mr. Wilkes.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved, that the Resolution of the House, of the 24th Day of November 1763, with relation to the Privilege of Parliament not extending to the same of writing and publishing seditious Libels, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as follow-eth; viz.

" Resolved, That Privilege of Parliament does not

extend to the same of writing and publishing fe- ditious Libels; nor ought to be allowed to obstruct the ordinary Course of the Laws, in the speedy and effectual Prosecution of so heinous and dangerous an " Offence."

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That John IVilkes, Esquire, although he is con-' victed of publishing a seditious Libel, is intitled to Privilege of Parliament.

The Amendments followfhg were severally proposed to be made to the Question;

To insert after the Words "cortvicted of," these Words printing and ;" and after " seditious," to insert " and " scandalous. "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring after the Word " Libel," these Words " and also of printing and publishing a malignant, obfeene, and impious Libel, and now stands committed to the King’s Bench Prison, by virtue of Two several Judgments of the Court of King’s Bench, for the saidrOffences; "

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Order of the Day be now read;

Vol. 32.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. *

T.U.„ forthcNo}

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the said Amendment before proposed to be made to the Question ;viz.

To leave out " a malignant," and insert Three" -stead thereof; to leave out "Libel," and insert "Libels’* instead thereof; so leave out " to, " and ipfert instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the "Words " a malignant," stand part of the said proposed Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word Three " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, Th^t the Word " Libel " stand part of the said proposed Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Libels " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " to." stand Part of the said proposed Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, that the Word *? by " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to' by the House to be made Part of the £iid proposed Question.

L1 Then

LjO(WIC

American

Colonies.

Lelley

Inclosure.

130

23*- — 24® Januarii.

A. 1769,

} 96-

Then the Main Question, thus amended, being put. That John Wilkes, El'quire, although he is convicted of printing and publishing a malign.’, it, seditious, and scandalous, Libel, and of printing and publishing Three obfeene apd impious Libels., an4 now stands committed to the King’s Bench Prison, by Virtue of Two several Judgments in the Court of King’s Bench, for the said Offences, is intitled, by Privilege of Parliament, to be discharged from his Imprisonment for the said Offences;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being. \ proposed. That in entering in the Votes of this Day, 4he Proceedings of the House upon the said Question, the original Motion be stated, with the Proceedings of the House in making the several Amendments "there-' unto;

A Motion Was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Order of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeis, { ^r, .

Tellers for the Noes JS'r ?

leiiers for the woes TMt. Jam \ 5

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same being read accordingly;

Rijtilved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Moming next, resolve-itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 28th Day of November last, the 7th Day of December last, and the 20th Day of this Instant January, by His Majesty’s Command.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

----------------» /; ----- — -f---

I Martis, 24® die Jtmuarii; x

L Anno if Georgii IIP" Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

A Petition of John Champ, Gentleman, Lessee, under the Sub-Dean of the Cathedral Church of Ifork, of all and Singular the Tithes, Great and Small, of what Nature or Kind soever, except the Vicarial Tithes and Payments, arising within the Township of Lelley, in the Parish of Pr,in in tlje -East Riding of the County of York; and also the Owner of Lands, and otherwise interested,. in the Open Arable Fields,’.Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, in the Taid Township, and of Bacon , Esquire, Wil-

liam Ca/ey, and John Wray, Gentlemen, anJ others, whose Names are subscribed,'being Proprietors of other Parts of the same Lands and Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the said Township are divers Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, called The North Field, The South Field, The New Field, and the Horning, or by other Names, confiding of 2 a Oxgangs and Three Quarters; and that* the Lands of the Proprietors, in the said Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, lie dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be* very advantageous to the several Persons interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, 16

subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Tkompfon and Mr. Cust do prepare*, -and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Dalfton thereunto lubscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, Iucioiure. interested in the several Tracts, or Parcels, of Common and Waste Ground, within the Manor of Dalston, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That if the said Common and Waste Grounds were divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed, the same would be a very con-fidefable Improvement of each Person’s Eliate and Interest therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Rules and Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Pitt and Mr. Henry Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors wbUin^hara of the Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, Indolure. and Pasture'Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wo!fmghant, in the County Palatine of Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on the Behalf of themselves and other the Owners and Proprietors thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open and Common Fields,

Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the said Manor and Parish, called Woljingham East Town Fields, containing together, by Estimation, 200 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Gn unds of the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Town Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and arc most of, them inconveniently- situated; and, -at certain Times of the Year, the said Town Fields are Hinted and Hocked with Cattle by the said Owners and Proprietors, and also by several other People, according .;

to their several Rights of Stinting the rein; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous that all Right of Stinting, in and upon the said Town Fields, may be extinguished, and that the said Town Fields may be divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof assigned to each Person, in Proportion to his or her present , Right therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Walsingham, and Mr. Lane, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Beverley, and others, residing near, or travelling upon, the Road &c\

herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, 0,4 *

and read; Setting forth. That the Road extending from Ke/gate Bar, in Beverley, in the East Riding of

the County of York, through Bentley Lanes, by the Malton Guide Post, to a Part of Cottingham Field, near Skidby Mill, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the said East Riding; and through the Town of the West End of the Town of Anlaby, to the Ferry cross the River Humber, at and from HeJ'sle, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and also extending from the Mallon Guide Post aforesaid, to the Gravel Pit, at the West End of the Town of -

ham, and many other Places, is ruinous, and in ' many Parts too narrow and incommodious and cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; And therefore praying, That Leave

may

Barnolby k Beck inclosure-

Waltham

lndolure.

Winterton

Inclosure.

Geo. IIL

24° Januarii.

may be given to bringinra Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. IVroltefley, &c.: and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

A Petition of Charles Fere Dashwood, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Barnolby le in the County of Lincoln, and Proprietor of great Part of the Lands and Grounds in the Parillr of Barnolby le Becky aforesaid, and of Zachariah Sugars, Rector of the Parish and

Parish Church of Barnolby le Beck aforesaid, Richard Beat niffe, Esquire, Arthur Rockc Clerk, Charles

by, William Lawrence, and others, Proprietors of Lands lying within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Lordship, several Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, containing together about 1200 ' ^Veres'; and that the same lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing of the Common Fields and Common Pastures of Barnolby le Beck aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet. 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Cujl, and Mr. , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Luck Anuingfon, and Joseph Anningfon, Gentlemen, Lords of the Manor of Waltham, in the County of Lincoln, and Proprietors of a great Part of the Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Waltham aforesaid, and of William BonJ'or, John -

beck, Thomas Hewjon, and John Wkeldale, Proprietors of Lands lying within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, containing together, by Estimation, 2245 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands lie intermixed, and dispersed therein in small Parcels, and in their present Situation are incapable of great Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of Advantage to all the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing of the said Open and Common Fields and Grounds, in the Parish of Waltham aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Cujl, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the tame.

rish of Winterton, aforesaid, was prefenfed to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the Manor and Lordship of Winterton aforesaid, there are several Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, containing 3000 Acres and upwards, wherein the Lands lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing of the Common Fields and Common Pastures in the Parish of Winterton aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: and that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Cujl, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hilborowe, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hilborowe, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of in

the County of York, and also of the Freeholders whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, several Commons, or Moors called Bramley Lings, The Further Common, Threap, and -wood, containing, by Estimation, 400 Acres, or thereabouts, which so long as they lie Open and Uncultivated, are of little Use to the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof; and in a great Measure incapable of Improvement, but very fit and proper to be inclosed, and turned into Agriculture: And therefore praying, That l^ave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Commons or Moors, according to every. Person’s Right therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Allatffon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Grant, of , Baro-

net, have Leave to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of gurghs of Invemefs., Forres, Nairn, and.

Ordered, That William Macintofh, Senior, Esquire, present Provost, and the several other Persons whose Names are subscribed to a Petition presented to this House, being Magistrates and Town Counsellors of the Borough of Invemefs, in North Britain, complaining of an undue

Electionand Return for the said District of Burghs, have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

A Petition of the Right honourable Earl of -rough, and Viscount Poilington, of the Kingdom of -land. Impropriator of all the Great Tithes, arising, growing, and renewing, within the Parish of Winterton, in the County of Lincoln, and of Anthony , Vicar of

the Parish Church of Winterton aforesaid, and of James Stovin, Esquire, John Saunderson, William Reader, Charles Wigglesworth, Richard Booth, Joseph Fowler, Thomas Fof-

ter, Joseph Robinson, Katharine Kitchen, William Parkinson,

William Hood, J. Dawson, Tabu ha Smith, Thomas East, John Atkinson, Jeremiah Smith, John Smith, John Glover,

Robert Ramsey, Ann Taylor, George Atkinson, Rofemond Storm, and others, Proprietors of Lands within the Pa-VoL. 32.

Ordered, That Sir Ludovick Qrdnt, of Grant, Baronet, Provost, and the several other Persons whole Namesara subscribed to & Petition presented to this House, being Magistrates and Town Counsellors of the Borough of -Forres, in North Britain, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Distnd of Burghs, have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be difehar^ed from proceeding' upon the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, whose

Names

Hilborowe

lnUoftiro.;

Bramley

Inclosure.

Invemefs

Election.

Ditto*

Ditto.

Laughton-

cn-le-

Morthen

Inclosure.

Beckingham and Sutton Inclosure.

Cirencester

Roads.

Offices

and

Employments.

Scalby

Inclosure.

131 240 Januarii. A. 1769.

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the several Manors or Lordships of then, and Slade Hooton, in the Parish of Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York, several Open Fields, Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, ire incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it' would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Allanfon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Richard Lacon, Esquire, Lord of the

Manor of Beckingham, in the County of Lincoln, the Reverend Richard Hacket, Clerk, Rector of the Parish of Beckingham aforesaid, and of several of the Land Owners, and Persons interested, in the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Beckingham and , in the Manor and Parish of Beckingham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of'Lands and Grounds, within the said Townships, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, lb that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement j and that, if the fame, together with the Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, were divided and indofed, and Lands allotted in Lieu of Tithes, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Broumlow Bertie, Mr. Which cot, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to continue, amend, ^nd render more effectual, an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to the Monument upon Lansdown, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Codrington, Mr. Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lord*-, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members arid Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of John Hill, Esquire, (who, as Lessee under the Crown, is Lord of the Honour of Pickering, and Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of York) and the several Owners and Impropriators of the

Tithes, Great and Small, arising or issuing in or out of any Lands or Grounds, within the said Manor of Stalby aforesaid; and the several Owners of Houses and Lands, having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor of Scalby aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor, there are several large Open Fields, and also very large and ex ten five Commons and Waste Grounds, which are at present of small Use or Value; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, they would be capable of very great Improvement, which would tend greatly to the Advantage, not only of the Petitioners, but to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Lascelles and Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend William Doctor in.

Divinity, Lord of the Manorof Claypoole, in the County of Lincoln, John P.'umpire. Esquire, Patron of the Rectory of the South Mediety of the Parish Church of aforesaid, and the Reverend William , Clerk, Patron

of the Rectory of the North Mediety of the said Parish Church, the Reverend Richard Kirby, Clerk, Rector of the said South Mediety, and the Reverend Daniel Harding, Clerk, Rector of the said North Mediety, and of several of the Land Owners, and Persons interestedj'in the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of Claypoole, within the Manor and Parishes aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lances, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the said Manor and Township, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and indofed, and Lands allotted in Lieu of the Tithes, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And. therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lascelles, and Mr. ,do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Viscount Killmorey, of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Freeholders, of the County of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual. Two Acts of the Second and Seventeenth Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, amongst other Roads therein described, the Roa.l from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from

wich to Tarpoley, and from thence, through Tawin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of And setting forth. That, by reason of the heavy Carriages passing through the said Road, and the many deep, hollow, and narrow Ways therein, and the Scarcity and Pearness of Materials necessary for the Repair thereof, and the great Extent of the said Road, and by.reason that the Trustees in the said Acts are restrained. from erecting any Gate or Turnpike, upon the said Road, be-

J . twixt

Claypoole

Indofure-

Chester

and

Stafford

Roads.

Ditto*

Sheriff

Hutton

Inclosure.

Nafferton

and

Wansford

Inclosure.

p Geo. III.

2 40 Jatiiiarii.

133

twixt Nantwich aforesaid, and the said City of Chester,

being Twenty Miles or thereabouts, it hath been found, by Experience, that a sufficient Fund cannot be raised, by the present Tolls and Duties, for the effectual widening, repairing, and i'upporting the said Road; and that the said Acts are, in many respects, defective, and inefficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended; and that the Highway, from the Market Town of in the said County of Chester, to the Cross in aforesaid, is in many Parts deep, narrow, ruinous, and out of Repair, and cannot be efficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the before-mentioned Acts as relate to the said Road, from the End of the said County of Stafford, to the said City of and also for effectually repairing, widening, and amending the said last mentioned Road, and also the Road from Northwich aforesaid, to the Cross in Tawitt aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers, and under such Terms and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Morton, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades-men, and Freeholders, of the County and City of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as are contained in the preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the lad preceding Petition is referred.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Land, or otherwise interested, in the Lands, Grounds, and Estates, within the Lordships of Sheriff Hutton and West in the Parish of Sheriff Hutton, and County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the said Lordships are several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Balks, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, cannot be cultivated to so much Advantage as they might be if the same were inclosed and divided; and several of the said Lands and Grounds are subject to be overflowed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Lord Sic.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William St. Quint in, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Nafferton, in the East Riding of the County of York, commonly called Lenox Manor, and the Owner of certain Messuages, Cottages, and Lands, in the Township of Nafferton aforesaid, and also Lord of the Manor of Wansford, in the Parish of Nafferton aforesaid, and the Owner of by far the greatest Part of the Messuages, Cottages, Open, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, and Ancient Inclosed Lands in WanJ-Jord aforesaid, and, as Lessee under his Grace the Lord

VOL. 32.

Archbishop of York, Impropriator of all the Tithes* Great and Small, Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, Duties, and Payments, except Surplice Fees, arising within the said Parish of Nafferton, and, as Lessee as aforesaid, the Owner of several Messuages, Cottages, and Glebe Lands, within the said Township of Nafferton; and also, the Petition of Robert McFarland, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Pockthorp, in the said Parish of Nafferton, and

foie Proprietor of all the Lands within the Hamlet of Pockthorp aforesaid; and of the several other Persons* whose Names are subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands* or otherwise interested, in the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the said several Townships of Nafferton and Wansford aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the said several Townships of Nafferton and Wansford, is a Common Pasture, called Nafferton and Wansford Common, containing xaoo Acres, or thereabouts, upon which the several Owners and Occupiers of Ancient Messuages, Cottages, and Arable Lands, respectively, in each of the said Townships, have a Right of Common of Pasture, without any determined Stint, at all Times and Seasons of the Year; and that, within the said Township of Nafferton, are several Parcels of Open, Meadow, or Pasture Ground, and certain Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields, with several large Pieces of Meadow Ground, or Balks, in or contiguous to the fame, containing together 3000 Acres* or thereabouts, upon which the several Owners and Occupiers of Ancient Messuages, Cottages, and Arable Lands, respectively, in Nafferton aforesaid, are entitled to, and enjoy. Rights of Common, at a certain Season in the Year; and that, within the said Township of Wanfford, are certain Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields, with several large Pieces of Meadow Ground, or Balks, lying in or contiguous to the fame, containing 400 Acres, or thereabouts, upon which the several Owners and Occupiers of Ancient Messuages, Cottages, and Arable Lands, respectively, in Wansford aforesaid, are entitled to, and enjoy Rights of Common, at certain Times and Seasons in the Year; and that, within the said Hamlet of -thorp, are several Open Parcels of Meadow or Pasture Ground, and certain Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields, with several Parcels of Meadow Ground, or Balks, in of contiguous to the fame, containing together 700 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Properties of the said Proprietors, in the said Open Fields and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general so inconveniently Ctuated, as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive; and, in their present State, are capable of very little Improvement; and that a Division and Inclosure of all the said Open Fields and Grounds would be advantageous to all the Tarries interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, under such Orders and Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lascelles , Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Edward do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bewdley, in the county of ,

was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Corn in the said Borough; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Edward Byrom, of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire, was presented to- the House, apd read; Setting forth, That the

Mm Trade,

Coi*n.

Matjchester

New Church.

Fowey

cftion.

Pembroke

Election.-

Abingdon

Election.

240 Janu

A. 1769.

134

Trade, Commerce, and Manufactores, within the Town of Manchester aforesaid, and Diocese of , have for several Years pall greatly increased, by Means whereof, among other Causes, the Buildings and Inhabitants within the same have increased in a very considerable Proportion,- more especially at or near the Upper End of a Street called Deanfgate, and the several Streets branching

out of or communicating with the fame, all which lie at a great Distance from the several Churches and Chapels within the said Town; and that the Petitioner apprehends that it would be of great Benefit and Utility to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and more particularly to such of them as dwell in the remote Parts thereof abovementioned, if another Church was built, in some convenient Part within or near the said Town, for the celebrating of Divine Service according to the Rites of the Church of England-, and that the Petitioner is seised in Fee Simple of a certain Field, or Parcel of Ground, commonly called Rogers Field, lying near to the Upper End of Deanfgate aforesaid, and hath allotted and set out

a Part of the said Field, as and for the Scite of a new Church, and of a Church Yard, Cemetery, or Burying Ground thereto, and hath already begun to erect, and is now at his own Expence carrying on, a Building, which is in the Form of, and intended for, a new Church, on Part of the said Plot of Land allotted and set out as aforesaid, and proposes to finish and complete the said intended Church, in a proper, decent, and commodious Manner, fit for performing of Divine Service therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling him to inclose and allot the Piece of Ground abovementioned, as part of the said Field, for the Scite of the said intended Church and Church Yard, or Burying Ground, and also to finish and complete the Building now carrying on, and intended for such new Church, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Strange and Mr. Harbord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Thursday the 10th Day of November last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon the 7th Day of Fe-

bruary next, the Matter of the Petition of John Williams, and Thomas Arthington, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 9th Day of

February nzkt, at Twelve of the Clock.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Thursday the io.th Day of November Jail, for hearing at 'the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 2d Day of February next, the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Owen, complaining of an undue Election and Return foV the County of Pembroke, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 7th Day of

February next.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Thursday the 10th Day of November last, for hearing at 'the Bar of this House, Upon Tuesday the 31st Day of this Instant January, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Abingdoii, in the County of Berks, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

- 18 *

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 2d Day of February next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return, for the Borough of Nezv Radnor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Seven-night, the 31st Day of this Instant January.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of the Right honourable Sir Thomas Sewell, Knight, Master of the Rolls, and Richard Phillipson Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of chelsea, in the County of Sussex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Seven-night, the 31st Day of this Instant January.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Thursday the 10th Day of November last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday next, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Seven-night, the 31st Day of this Instant January.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Northampton, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Attendance of Joseph Peach, George Batman, John Baker, Joseph Wills, and several Persons, who were Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Sepulchre, in the Town of Northampton, for the Years 1767 and 1768, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said several Persons do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next. . , .

The House (according to Order) proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir Edwarf. Winning!on, of Stanford Court, in the County of Ww-cefier. Baronet, Complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester,

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And the Standing Order of the House, made the i6fh Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel, at the Bat of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read.

And the last Determination of the House, made upon the 27th Day of May 1679, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley in the County of Worcester, whereby

it

New

Radnor

Election.

Winchelfc*

Election.

Bridgwater

Election.

Northampton

Election-

Ditto;

Bewdley

Election.

9 Geo. Ill, 24° Januarii. 135

it was resolved, that all the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Bewdley have not a Right to vote in Elections

of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard} and having Hated the Right of Eleding Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to be in the Bailiff and Burgesses of the said Borough; the same was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

The Counsel for the Petitioner admitted, that the Numbers on the Poll were for the Sitting Member' 24, and for the Petitioner 21; but infilled, that Ten occasional Burgesses had been made, Five of whom voted for the Sitting Member, and ought not to be allowed, as falling within the Meaning of an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs.

Then the said Counsel produced the original Charter of the said Borough, granted by King James the First, in the Eighth Year of his Reign.

And several Parts thereof were read.

Then the original Poll, taken at the lad Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, being produced, the Numbers appeared to be as stated by the said Counsel.

Then some of the Corporation Books of the said Borough were produced; and several Entries therein were read, in order to shew at what Time the Five Voters objected to were admitted Burgesses of the said Borough; and a Witness was examined with relation thereto.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners summed up their Evidence.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard, and stated several Parts of the Charter, whereby Corporate Acts are directed to be done by the Bailiff and Burgesses of the said Borough.

Then the said Counsel proceeded to shew, that there is a Distinction between Freemen and Burgesses; and, in order thereto,

The Bill which was presented to this House in the Third Year of H is present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, A Bill to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs," and the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were read.

And the Entry in the Journal of the House, upon the 9th Day of March 1695, of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, relating to the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland: And also.

The several Entries in the Journal of the House, upc*ns the 18th Day of February 1695, the 30th Day of May 1716, and the 18th Day of April 1729, of the several Reports from the Committee ot Privileges and Elections, relating to the Borough of in the County of So-

oner set: And also,

The Entry in the Journal of the House, upon the 28th Day of November 1702, of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, relating to the Borough of Wilton, in the county of : And also,

The Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 27th Day of November 1722, of the Report from ,the Committee of Privileges and Elections, relating to the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford: And also,

The Entry in the Joprnal of the House,- upon the -aoth Day of March 1711, of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, relating to the Borough of Boston, in tire County of Lincoln; were read.

And it being proposed <0 read the Entry in the Journal of the House, upon the 17th Day of February 17 to,

Vol. 32.

of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, relating to tire Port of in the County of Sussex: And also the Entry in the Journal of the House, upon the 7th Day of February 1711,. of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, relating to the Port of Winch in the County of Sussex;

The Counsel for the Petitioner admitted, that the Matters of the said Reports were as the Counsel for the Sitting Member had stated.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member summed up their Evidence.

And one of the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard, by Way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Thursday Morning next}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for Ihe Yeas,\ . } 63.

' Tellers for tire Noes, j Fu |I2,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed* That the Five Persons objected toby the Counsel for the Petitioner, who were elected Burgesses of the Borough of Bewdley on the 31st Day of 1767, had no Right

to vote at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough j

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon }

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Morning

next}

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Entries, in One of the Corporation Books this Day produced to the House, were read.

Refohid, That the Five Persons, objected to by the Counsel for the Petitioner, who were elected Burgesses for the Borough of Bewdley on the 31st Day of August 1767, had no Right to vote at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

A Motion was 171 ade, and the Question being put. That the Honourable Thomas Lyttelton is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Sir Edward Winnington, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of cester.

And it being Half an Hour pad Two of the Clock od Wednesday Morning ?

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of die Crown do attend this House this Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, byrafing out the Name of the Honourable Thomas Lyttelton, and inserting the Name of Sir Edward -tdngton, Baronet, instead thereof. . 1

The other Order of the Day being read.

Ordered, That ihe Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of JvfephGulfton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return fox the Borough of Boole, ih.. the County of Dorftt, be received upon Wednesday the First Day of February pfext.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bewdley

Election*

Pool*

Election.

Bewdley

Ele&ioiu

American

Colonies.

Quiet of the . Subject.

American

Colonies.

136 25* Januarii. 1769.

only to that Province and the Colonies in general, but to Great Britain in particular; and humbly to represent to this House, that the First Settlers of New England, more attentive to Religion than worldly Emolument, planted themselves in that Country with a View of being secure from religious Imposition, and not with any Expectations T)ETER Rauert took the Oaths appointed, in order of advancing their temporal Interests, which the Nature to his Naturalization. of the Soil forbad them to indulge; and that they obtained a Patent of that Country from King Charles the First, The Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attending according which, though vacated in the unhappy Times of James to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of the Second, revived in the present Charter of the Pro-Bewdley, in the County of Worcester. vince, which was granted in the succeeding glorious

Reign of King and Queen who, by said

Ordered, That the Orderof the Day, for the House to Charter, confirmed to their Subjects in that Province resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to divers important Rights and Privileges, particularly all consider further of the several Papers which were presented such as are essential to, and constitute the peculiar Hap-to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 28th Day of piness of British Subjects, -founded in the immutable Novemberlaft, the 7th Day of Decemberlaft, and the 20th Laws of Nature and Reason, and inseparable from the Day of this Instant January, by His Majesty’s Command, grand and ultimate End of all Government, the Security be now read. and Welfare of the SubjecI, and which have been enjoy-

And. the said Order being read accordingly; ed till of late without Interruption; and that, from the

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Length and Severity of the Winters, the Inferiority of Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the Soil, and the great Labour necessary to subdue it.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com- they underwent incredible Hardships; and that, besides mittee. ’ the Climate and Soil, they had to contend with a

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. numerous and barbarous Enemy, which made frequent

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Inroads upon them, broke up their exterior Settlements, That they had made a further Progreisin the Matter to and several Times had nearly accomplished their utter them referred; and had directed him to move the House, Destruction; by Means whereof, they were kept in per-that they may have Leave to fit again. petual Alarms, and their Country made the Scene of

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve Rapine and Slaughter; and that nothing but the most of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole invincible Fortitude, animated by the Principles of Re-House, to consider further of the several Papers which ligion.and the warmest Attachment to that Civil Liberty were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon which the British Constitution so happily defines and the 28th Day of November last, the 7th Day of December secures, could have enabled them to sustain the Hardships last, and the 20th Day of this Instant January, by His and Distresses that came upon them by those Causes; Majesty’s Command. nothing less could have induced them to persevere in the

Settlement of a Country, from which, in its best Estate, The other Order of the Day being read; they had only Jo expert a scanty Subsistence, and that in -

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven- Consequence of their unremitted Labour; And that by night, the Third Day of February next, resolve itself into that Labour, those Hardships and Distresses, they not a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, only dearly purchased their Settlements there, but ac-and render more effectual, an Act made in the 21st Year quired an additional Title, overand above their common of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act Claim as Men and as British Subjects, to the Immunities for the general Quiet of the Subject, against all Pretences and Privileges granted them by Charter, and which they of Concealment whatsoever. have transmitted to their Children and Successors, the

present Inhabitants, His Majesty’s faithful Subjects of Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Beckfordhave Leave to that Province; and that the present Inhabitants, though make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Seven of more happily circumstanced than their Ancestors, and the Clock. though ibmc among them, especially in the Trading

And he moved the House accordingly; and offered to Towns, may live in Affluence, yet, from the Operation the House, . of the same Causes, the Length and Severity of the

A Petition, purporting to be a Petition of the major Winters, and the Stubbornness and Infertility of the Soil, Part of His Majesty’s Council of the Province of Majfa-are now able, with all their Labour, to obtain but a chufet's Bay, signed Samuel, Danfort h, President of the comfortable, and many of them but a flender Support

Council, in the Name of the major Part of the Council for themselves and Families; their Clothing, of which in aforesaid. that cold Climate more is required than otherwise would

And it appearing to the House, That the said Petition be necessary, and which, fomefmall Part made by them-was not passed in a legal Assembly of the Council of His selves only excepted, is made of the Woollens and other Majesty’s Province of Massachuset's Bay, and that no Manufactures of Great Britain, the other necessary Ar-Person was, or could be, authorized to sign the same as tides of Subsistence, and the Yearly Taxes upon their President of the Council of the said Province; Polls, and on their Real and Personal Estates, requiring

Ordered, That the said Petition be brought up, not the whole, or nearly the whole, Produce of their Lands; as a Petition of the major Part of the Council of His and that by their Means His Majesty’s Dominions have Majesty’s Province of Massachuset's Bay, but a« a Petition been enlarged, His Subjects increased,. and the Trade of from Samuel Danforth, on the Behalf of the several in- Great Britain extended, all in a Degree envied by her dividual Members of the said Council at whose Request Enemies, and unexpected by her Friends, and all without he signed the fame. any Expence to her till the late War; and that in the

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; late War, without recurring to the former Expeditions Setting forth, That His Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal against Canada, to the Reduction oiNova Scotia in 17 x0, Subjects, the Council of the said Province, being render- to the Preservation of it several Times since, to the ed unable, by the Dissolution of the General Court, to Conquest of Louifbourgh, with its dependent Territories in address this House in their Legislative Capacity, the 1745, the Reddition of which was esteemed by an

Petitioners, the major Part of the said Council, the other ample Equivalent for all her Conquests, during, on her Members living too remote to join with them, beg Leave Part, a successful War, and gave Peace to Europe; upon to do it, on a Subject of the greatest Importance, not His Majesty’s Requisitions, and the Requisitions of His 16 Royal

Mercurii, Januarii;

Anno 90 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1769. Prayers.

<) Geo. III,

25"- — 26° Januarii.

m

Royal Grandfather, this Province \tt the last War If early raised a large Body of Troops, to aifift in Conjunction "With other Colony Troops, in reducing the Power

in America, the Expence whereof was very great, and

would have been insupportable, had not Part of it been refunded by Parliament, from a Conviction of the Inability of that Province to bear- the whole; and that the Loss of Men in the several Campaigns of that War was great, and to so young a Country very detrimental, and , could not be compensated by Grants of Parliament, and to which those Grants had no respect j and that the Acquisition of so large a Part of America by His Majesty’s Arms, though a great National Good, and greatly beneficial to the Colonies, as thereby they have been freed from the Hostilities of the , and, in a good

Measure, of the Indians that were under their influence, has, in divers respects, operated to the Detriment of the Colonies, particularly by diminishing the Value of Real Estates, and drawing their Inhabitants from them, to settle the new-acquired Territories; and that the said Acquisitions have occasioned new and increasing Demands for the Manufactures of Great Britain, and have opened to her Sources of Trade, greatly beneficial, and continually enlarging, the Benefits of which center in herself, and which, with the extensive Territories acquired, are apprehended to be an ample Equivalent for all the Charges of the War in America, and for the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, said Territories; and that that Province in particular is (till in Debt, on Account of the Charge incurred by the late War; and that the Yearly Taxes, excepting the present Year, on which no Public Tax has been yet laid, by reason of general Valuation through the Province, which could not be completed before the Dissolution.of the late General Assembly, but which will probably be resumed when a new Assembly shall be called; and that the YearlyTaxes upon the People for lessening said Debt, though not so great as dbring the War, are nevertheless with more Difficulty paid, by reason of the greater Scarcity of Money in the Colonies owing to the Balance of their Trade with Great Britain being against them, which Balance, exclusive of the Operation of the several Acts of Parliament, taxing the Colonies, by laying certain Duties for the Purpose of railing a Revenue from them, drains them of their Money, to the great Embarrassment of their Trade, the only Source of it; and that that Embarrassment is much increased by the late Regulations of Trade, and by the Tax Acts aforesaid, which draw immediately from Trade the Money necessary to support it, on the support whereof the Payment of the Balance aforesaid depends; and that the said Tax Acts operating to the Detriment of the Trade of the Colonies, mull likewise operate to the Detriment of Great , by disabling the Colonists from paying the Debt due to her, and by laying them under a Necessity of using less of her Manufactures; and that, by the Use and Consumption of the Manufactures of Great which are

virtually charged with most of the Taxes that take Place there, the Colonies pay no inconsiderable Part of those Taxes; and that by several Acts of Parliament, the Colonies are restrained from importing most of the Commodities of Europe, unless from Great Britain, which occasions her Manufactures, and all Commodities coming from her, to be dearer charged, which is equivalent to a Tax upon them; and that the Colonies ar-e prohibited fending to Foreign Markets many valuable Articles of their Produce, which, giving to Great , an Advantage in the Price of them, is a proportionable and a further Tax upon the Colonies j and that the Exports of tire Colonies, all their Gold and Silver, and their whole Powers of Remittance, fall short of the charged Value of what they import from Great Britain j apd that, if it be ‘ considered what Difficulties the Colonies encountered on their Firfi Settlement; their having defended themselves, Nova Scotia and Georgia excepted, without any Expence to Great Britain; the Aflistances given by them in the Vol. 32.

late War* whereby the Empire of Great Britain is so American greatly extended, and its Trade proportionably increased; Cobniw. the Dimunition of the Value of their Estates, and the Emigration of their Inhabitants, occasioned by that Extension; the Loss of Men in the said War, peculiaVly. detrimental to young Countries; the Taxes on them to support their own internal Government $ the Share they pay of the Duties and Taxes in Britain, by . the Consumption of British Manufactures for which such valuable Returns are made; the Restraints upon their Trade, equivalent to a Tax j the Balance of Trade continually* against them, and their consequent Inabilty to pay the Duties laid by the Acts aforesaid: If those Fads be considered, the Petitioners conceive it must appear that His Majesty’s Subjects in the Colonies have been, and are at lead as much burthened as those in Great Britain j and that they are, whilst in America, more advantageous to Great Britain than if they were transplanted thither, and subjected to all the Duties and Taxes paid there:

And that the Petitioners beg Leave to lay their Represen,-tation before this House: humbly praying a favourable Consideration of it; and that the Charter Rights and Privileges of the People of that Province, and their invaluable Liberties as British Subjects, may be secured to them j and that the several Acts of Parliament, made for the Purpose of railing a Revenue in' , be repealed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, that the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 28th Day of November last, the 7th Day of December last, and the 20th Day of this Instant January, by His Majesty’s Command;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

( Mr. Seym,

*\ Mr. Wh:

T-11-r. <*«, xr^ I Sir Alexander Gibnour Tellers for the Noes, j

} 79-} *33-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jevts, 26* die Janu;

Anno 9* Georgii III‘" Regis, 1769.

Pa a y Bits.

/\Rdered, That Leave be given to move the House,

Tomorrow, to proceed upon any Private Business, after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, altering, Dorchester, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading &c. from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of - Hoa*.

Jet; and for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the 'Road leading from Wool, to the said Borough; was read the Third Time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset', and for repealing so much of an Act pafifd. in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool to the said Borough.

N n Ordered,

i38

2<5a Januarii.

A. 1769.

Ordered, That Mr. John Damir do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Carlton A Petition of 'Thomas Smithy Esquire, Lord of the Jttclofum Manors of Great Carleton and in the

Parishes of Great Carleton and Castle in the County of Lincoln, and Owner of far the greatest Part of the Lands within the said Manors and Parishes, on Behalf of himself and the other Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors and Parishes, several Open and Arable Fields and Pasture Grounds, containing 3060 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors, within the said Manors and Parishes, lie open and dispersed, and, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors, as well as to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open. Fields and Pasture Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Whichcot and Lord B Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

cainftorough A Petition of the several Merchants, Gentlemen, and avln2* other Inhabitants, of the Town of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Public Passages, in the said Town, and the Avenues thereto, are at present very ill paved, and incommodious; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Convenience of the ' Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Public Passages, and Avenues, were properly paved, cleansed, and enlightened, and duly watched, and kept free from Annoyances; and that great Quantities of Coal arc brought to the said Town for Sale, as well for the Con- " fumption of the said Town, as of the adjacent Country; and it would be of great Advantage to the said Town and Country, if such Coals were delivered by Statute Measure, or by Weight only; but there not being any Powers vested ip any of the Inhabitants of the said Town, to compel the Delivery of Coals by such Measure or Weight only, the Buyers thereof are at present liable to be greatly defrauded, and there is Reason to believe, that great Frauds are daily practised therein; and that it would therefdre be a great Advantage, not only to the Inhabitants of the said Town, but of the Country adjacent, if Powers were given for the due measuring or weighing of all Coals brought to the said Town for Sale, and preventing Frauds in the Measure and Weight thereof, and for laying a Duty thereupon, to defray the Expence of such measuring and weighing, and of-collecting the said Duty, and for applying the Surplus thereof in and towards the paving, repairing, cleansing, enlightening, and watching, the said Streets, Lanes, A.Ueys, Public Passages, and Avenues, within and leading to the said Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Macclesfield, A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, residing in and near the R°ad. Market Towns of Macclesfi and Nether Knutsford, in the County Palatine of was presented to the

Houd, and rfcad; Setting forth, That the Public Highway, leading from the Turnpike Road at the Cross, at a

‘ certain Place called The in Macclesfield, in

*4

in the said County of Chester, over a certain Place called The Long Moss, in Macclesfield aforesaid, and Monk's Heath, in the Township of Nether Alder ley; and through the Townships of Chelford, Marshall, and OUerton, and the Market Town of Nether Knulsford, to the Turnpike Road in Nether Tabley, leading from to

Altringham, in the said County of Chester, near a Place called Oldham's Tan Yard, is in a very ruinous Condition, and narrow, incommodious, and dangerous, and can-hot be effectually widened and amended by the ordinary Means of Law; and that a Part of the said Highwayleading from a certain Barn in Sudlotv, within Over Tabley, in the said County, now in the Occupation of John Forest, on the South Side of the new Mansion

House lately erected by, and in the Occupation of, Sir Peter Leicester, of Nether Tabley aforesaid. Baronet, to

the Place where the same joins the Turnpike Road between Northwich and Altringham aforesaid, near the said Oldham's Tan Yard in Nether Tabley aforesaid, is upon a very bad Bottom, abounding with Springs, and very narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous; and that, by a Survey lately taken, it appears that a new Road may be set out and made from the said Barn, into, and to communicate with the said Turnpike Road from Northwich to Altringham aforesaid, at or near a certain Cottage there, called Richard Smith's Cottage, in Over Tabley aforesaid, through certain Lands belonging to the said Sir Peter Leicester, upon much better and more found Ground than the said present Highway; and that the said Sir Peter Leicester is willing, and hath offered, to give and allot such new Ground, as and for a new Road, in Lieu of and Exchange for so much of the present Highway as lies between the End of a Lane leading from the same Highway to Plumbley, in the said County, near a Brook called Merrymans Brook, and the Place where such Highway joins the said Turnpike Road, near Oldham's Tan Yard aforeGud, so as to leave the said Lane open to Plumbley aforesaid; and that the turning and altering the said Highway, in Manner aforesaid, will be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Public Highway, from the Cross at Broken Cross aforesaid, over the said Long Moss and Monk's Heath, and through the said Townships of Chelford, Marshall, and OUerton, and the said Market Town of Nether Knutsford, to the said Turnpike Road between Northwich and Altringham aforesaid; and for turning, altering, and exchanging. Part of the said Highway, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provi lions, and under such Regulations and Rc-strictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Legh, Mr. Whitbread, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentle- Norwich men, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, to residing in the County of Norfolk, and City and County of the City of Norwich, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Road leading from the City of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the Parish of Ofmondefion, otherwise Scole, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and keeping the said Road ip Repair, by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Edition be referred to the Consideration

9 Geo. III. 26° Januarii.

sideration of a Comhiittee: And that they do examine Grounds there,' were divided and inclosed; it would

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall greatly improve the Estates of all Persons interested

appear to them, to the House: therein: And therefore graying. That Leave may be

And it is referred to Mr. Harbor d, Mr. Cujli &c.: given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the And they are' to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, in the to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Manor, Parish, Liberties; or Precincts, of Cabling ton

aforesaid, under such Rules and Regulations as to the Norwich A Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Merchants, House shall seem meet:

Grtat Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the City of Not- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Yannooth wich, was presented to the House, and read; Setting suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hood. forth. That the Road leading from the City of Norwich, Lowndes, Mr and Mr. Drake, do prepare, and

to the Burgh of Great Yarmouth, in the County of bring in, the fame.

Norfolk, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many

Places very harrow, incommodious, and dangerous, and A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Deeping Few . cannot be properly widened, amended, and kept in good Taxable Lands, lying in Deeping Fens, and other Fens, Drainage.

Repair, by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, in the County of Lincoln', and also of several Owners

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and Proprietors of Free Lands, lying within the said

and repairing the great Road, from the Bridge called Fens, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting

Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to the Gates forth. That in the Reigns of King Charles the Second

called The North Gates, in the Burgh of Great Yarmouth,' and of his late Majesty, several Acts were made for in the County of Norfolk, for such Term, in such Man* draining and preserving the Fens called Deeping Fens, ner, by such Means, and with such Powers, as to the and other Fens in the said Acts particularly described;

House shall seem meet. and that the said Fens consist of about 30,000 Acres,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- whereof e.000 are Free Lands, 1 c,oooo Commonable

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr See.;

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

teverkf, Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom &e* the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and *oad* others, residing near, or travelling upon, the Road therein after mentioned, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George, Fofler Tuffnel, Esquire, informed your Committee, That the Road from Kelgate Bar in through Bentley

Lanes, by the Malton Guide Post to aPart of Field, near Skidby Mill, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, and through the Town of Willerby, by the West End of the Town of Aulaby to the Ferry, crols the River , at and

from Hefsle, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and also from the Malton Guide Post aforesaid, to the Gravel Pit at the West End of the Town of Cottingham aforesaid; is very ruinous, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hefsle; and from the Malton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York: And that Mr. Kynaston, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bull, and Mr. Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cnblington A Petition of Thomas Sheppard, Esquire, Lord of the ladoforc. Manor of Cublingtou, in the County of Buckingham, John Collett, Rector of the Parish Church of Cublington, aforesaid, and of several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, lying in the Fields and Lordship of Cublington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the Open and Common Fields of Cublington aforesaid, lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Fields, and the Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Vot. 32.

Lands, and it,000 are Taxable Lands, which 10,000 Acres are the only Lands within the said Fens subject to Taxation for draining and improving the whole 30,000 Acres; and that, although great Sums have been expended in draining the said Lands, yet they have for some Years past been overflowed, and are at present of very little Value; and that the same are capable of being effectually drained, but will be attended with too great an Expence to be borne by the Owners of Taxable Lands only; and as the Owners of the 5000 Acres of Free Lands will be greatly benefited by the Drainage, the Petitioners hope it will be thought reasonable that they should be charged with.some Proportion of the Expence; and that there are now (landing, upon the Banks of the River Welland, adjoining to the said Fens, in the Parish of Spalding, some Buildings of small Value; and it is necessary they should be taken down, in order to widen the said River, for the better effecting the said Drainage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of the said several Acts, and for effectually draining and improving the said Lands, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall, appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cufl, Mr. Townshend, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to' fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Matters, Governors, and Trustees, Bedford of the Bedford Charity, under their Common Seal, and Charity, of the several other Persons, being Inhabitants of the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford: And setting forth. That the Trustees, in endeavouring to carry the said Act into Execution, have found that many of the Rules, Orders, and Directions, established and prescribed by the said Act, for the Management and Direction of the said Charity, and the Distribution thereof, are very imperfeCk and obscure, and, were the same pursued, would, in (lead of a Benefit, be greatly detrimental to the said Town

if

Cambridge

Streets.

ITafeldm

Wood,

See.

Roads.

140 26* Januariu 1760

of Bedford, and several oftjie Inhabitants thereof, who

claim no Benefit from the'^laid Charity, which cannot be effectually and immediately remedied, but by the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said recited Act, or for varying the fame, and making such Rules and Orders, for tire Management, Direction, and Distribution, of the said Charity, as to the House fhdl seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report tire fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Ongley, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records

A Petition of the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, of the University of Cambridge, who have thereunto let their Common Seal, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Cambridge, who have thereunto likewise set their Common Seal, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants, of the said Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That in the Streets, Courts, Lanes, Ways, Alleys, and Public Passages, of the said Town, the Pavements are very irregular, and much out of Repair, and several of them too narrow, and extremely incommodious; and that many Nuisances, and other Annoyances, are daily committed in the said Town; and that the principal Part of the said Town consisting of Old Houses and Buildings, frequent Fires have happened in the Night, to the endangering the Lives and Properties of the Inhabitants, and great Damage has been sustained by the fame, which might in some Measure. be prevented, if a regular Watch was insti-tuted and kept within the said Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower certain Commissioners, therein to be named, to pave, repair, amend, widen, enlighten, and cleanse the Streets, Courts, Lanes, Ways, Alleys, and Public Passages, of the said Town, and to remove and prevent Obstructions, Nuisances, and Encroachments therein, and appoint a Watch at proper Times and Seasons, within the said Town, and to raise Money for all the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways or Means, and under such Regulations and restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. York, Mr. Townshend, &c. v And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads, from the White Pod on Hafelden Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath-, and from Street, in the same Parish, to Castledem Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden-, and from Golford Green, in the said Parish

of Cranbrooke, to Tanners Vent, in the Parish of den, all in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, except with respect to the said Road from Golford Green to Tanners Vent, whereon no Turnpike has been erected, nor Toll taken; and that the Petitioners are informed, a Petition has been presented for a Bill to amend the Road, from the present Turnpike Road at Golford to

\ " J5

the Turnpike Road at Sandhwrjlwhich Description in-

eludes great Part of the said Road to Tanners Vent, it the properefl Road to be repaired, and will with moll Propriety be made a Part of the said Bill; and that the Petitioners have made great Progress in amending the other Roads included in the said Act; but from the Nature of the Soil, and other Circumstances, the Petitioners find that the said Roads cannot be completed, and kept in Repair for the future, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless some further Tolls are granted, the Term of the said Act enlarged, and the Ad in some other respects made more effectual; and that the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tenter den, through the Village and Parish of to the

Turnpike Road in the Parish of Newenden, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, to repeal so much thereof as relates to the Road from Goljvrd Green to Tanners Vent, and to repair and widen the abovementioned additional Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Luther, Mr. Norris, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Vestrymen, Landholders, and Principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Nicholas, in the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the red of the Inhabitants and Landholders of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for re-building Bristol Bridge, and widening the Streets and Passages leading thereto, and for other Purposes, Power was given to take down, widen, and enlarge, St. Nicholas Gate, which was Part of the Fabric of the Parish Church of St. Nicholas, the Chancel, Altar, and Communion Table being over it, for the Purpose of making the Passage to the said Bridge commodious; but that, in case any Damage or Injury should be done to the said Church, either by taking down, for the Purposes of the said Act, any Part of the said Church, or by reason or means of pulling down any House or Houses contiguous or adjoining thereto, the same should be made good by the said Trustees with all convenient Speed, in as substantial and commodious a Manner as the same was then built, or as the Circumstances of the Cafe, due Regard being had to the Intent and Purpose of the said Act, would admit; and that, in 1761, the Trustees for the said Act, finding it necessary for the Accommodation of the Public, to remove the said Gate, caused the same and the said Church to be surveyed by their Architedl, wh6 recommended taking down the whole Church, and re-building it; alledging, that when the Chancel should be taken away, the Church would be too small, and by taking away the said Gate, the Fabric of the Church would be endangered; and that thereupon it was agreed, that the said Church lliouid be re-built, under the Direction of the Vestry of the said Parish; and the Trustees for the Bridge Act agreed to pay £.1,400, out of the Public Money, towards the fame, which was Two Third Parts of what the Architedl calculated the Re-building would cod, and also to grant some additional Ground, at the West End of the Church, in lieu of the Chancel to be taken away; and that, upon taking down the said Church, it was likewise found absolutely necessary' to take down and rebuitd the Tower and Spire belonging

to

St. Nicholai’ Church, Bristol

N

Leicester

to

Hinkley

Road.

9 Geo. III. 3<5° Januark, 141

to the said Church; and that, when it was determihed to rebuild the said Tower, it was thought advisable td purchase Two Houses at the West End of the-Church* in order to make the same square and regular, the Expence of purchasing which Houses amounted to £.825; towards which the Trustees for the said Bridge Act contributed £ 400, the Corporation of £.210;

and the Society of Merchants there, £.105; and that, notwithstanding the said Church and Tower are rebuilt in the plained Manner, and upon the most frugal Plan, yet the necessary and unavoidable Expence thereof, and of re-casting the Bells belonging, to the Parish, several of which were cracked, and others much impaired, amounts to the Sum of £.6,549 5 including the said £.825 for purchasing Houses j towards defraying which Capital Sum, the Parish has received, in Manner above-mentioned, the Sum of £.2,115 anc^ from Sale of Old Materials, and by Money remaining in the Churchwardens Hands undisposedj and by leafing out certain Church Lands, the further Sum of £.1,009 5J* making together £.3,124 51} and to make good the Remainder of the said Capital Sum, the said Parish has borrowed the Sum of £.3,425, which now remains due at Interest; and that, the Steeple of the said Church not being yet rebuilt, it is computed that the Expence thereof, and of Painting the said Church, and otherwise completing the same in a decent Manner, will, together with other accidental and contingent Expences, amount to about the further Sum of £.1,075, making, together with the said Sum of £.3,425, the Sum of £.4,500, now necessary to be raised; and that the Yearly Income of the Estates belonging to the said Parish is but barely sufficient to discharge the Annual Gifts and Charities payable thereout; and that, as the said Church, which was very commodious for the said Parish, was destroyed merely to accommodate the Public, the Petitioners hope that the Trustees for the Bridge Act will be empowered and directed to apply a further Sum, out of the Public Money, in Aid of the above Expences; and that the Inhabitants and Landholders of the said Parish may be enabled, to raise the Remainder amongst themselves; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may be empowered to raise the said Money in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem most expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Bacon, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Hinkley, and other Places in the said Act mentioned; and of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Leicester aforesaid, and of other Places adjoining or lying near to the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners the said Trustees have taken up at Interest Two thousand Nine hundred and Twenty Pounds, upon the Credit of the Tolls, which Money, together with the Tolls, hath been wholly expended within the said District; and that divers other Debts have been necessarily incurred, and are now due and owing, on account of the said Roads; and that, although some Progress bath been made in the Premises, yet, by reason of the excessive Weights drawn upon the said Road, the ruinous Condition thereof in many Places, and the Scarcity and remote Situation, of Materials necessary for its Repair, . Vol. 32.

the Tolls already granted, and the Monies, already borrowed, or which can be borrowed upon their Credit, will not raise,.a sufficient Fund to answer the Purposes of the said Act; and thereby the opening a free Gofflmu* nication between the East and Western Parts of the Kingdom will be defeated and loft* unless some other Tolls and further Powers are granted by Parliament, fot varying, explaining, and amending, the said Act, and making it more effectual: And therefore praying* That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid,) or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House: -

And it is referred to Sir ’John Paltrier, Mr. Wood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of the acting Trustees, appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second* intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy* Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land, residing near and travelling on the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Devon, and County and City of; was presented

to the House, and read; reciting some of the Provisions granted by the said Act, and by another Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty, to amend and render more effectual the said Act; and setting forth* That the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, but that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Powers and Term of the said Acts be further enlarged and continued; and that Part of the Road, leading from the Bottom of the Causeway nearest the North Gate, in the Parish of St. David, in the County of the said City of Exeter, to the Town of Crediton, being Part of the Road' directed by the said Acts to be repaired, called St.David's Hill, and the Entrance into the said City, from the! Bottom of the said Causeway, through ligate Street, i» very deep, dangerous, and incommodious to Travellers; and it would be greatly for the Convenience of the Public* if the Road was repaired and amended, from St. David’s Hill aforesaid, through a certain Lane called HowePs Lane, Pound Lane, and Long in the Parish

of St. David aforesaid, to the Oxford Inn, near the East

Gate of the said City of Exeter; and that the Road leading from a certain Part of the present Turnpike Road between Exeter and Chudley Bridge, called Cross, in the Parish of Alphington, through the Parishes of Alphington, St. Thomas the Apostle, and Brampford Speke, by St. Thomas's Pound, and Exweek, to the Smith’s Shop near Cowley Bridge, in the Parish of Brampford Speke aforesaid, on the present Turnpike ltoad leading from Exeter to Crediton, is so narrow, ruinous, and bad, that it cannot by the ordinary Course appointed by Law be sufficiently amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending the said Act, artd also for making and amending the said Road, in such Manner, and for such Time, and with such further Powers, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Parker, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

O o A Petition

E*?ter* 4reJ Roads,

tAi $6*Jamarii. A. 1769.

Croydon A Petition of Frederick, Archbishop of Canterbury,

Falace, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Palaqe or House at Croydon, in the County of Surrey, known by the Name of the Arch-

bishop of Canterbury, is in a ruinous Condition* and that the said Palace or House Hands in so damp and un-whojefome a Situation, and is ip many respects so incommodious, that few Archbishops of Canterbury have, , at any Time, been able to live thpre; and that it is unfit for the Habitation of an Archbishop of Canterbury: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him, and his Successors, to cause the said Palace or House to be pulled down; and that the Materials with Which the same was built, together with the Scite of the said Palace or House, and Out-houses, Gardens, Grounds, Two Closes of Meadow or Pasture Land, containing, by Estimation, Six Acres, and Appurtenances thpreunto belonging, may be fold and disposed of, under such Conditions as shall be thought proper, in th.e Opinion of such Persons as shall be named in the Bill; or, if the said Commissioners shall judge it more advisable to fell the said Palace or House, as it now stands, together with the Scite thereof, Gardens, Grounds, Two Closes of Meadow or Pasture Land, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging; in such Case, to enable the Petitioner, or his Successors, with the Approbation and Consent of the said Commissioners, to sell the same, and appjy the Money arising from the Sale thereof to the Building of another House, in a more Wholesome and commodious Situation, or to such Purposes, for the Benefit of the See of Canterbury, as they the said Commissioners shall appoint, paying, in the mean Time, the (nterest thereof to the Petitioner or his Successors; and that Provision may be made in the Bill, for veiling the Money to be received by the Petitioner 1 of the Representatives of the late Archbishop of Canterbury, on Account of Dilapidations, for the present Palace or House at Croydon, in the said Commissioners, for the afore-mentioned Purpose of building another House in a more wholesome and commodious Situation; for empowering them to pay to the Petitioner, or his Successors, the Interest of the said Money so to be received, ^nlil the same shall be laid out in the Manner above foecified; and for indemnifying the Petitioner’s Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of and from any future Claims or Demands whatsoever, of Dilapidations, on Account of the present Palace or House, or any of the Premises or Appurtenances thereunto belonging.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Doctor Hay and Mr. Charles Townshend do'prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Westminster A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execu-Paving. tion the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of , and

other Parts therein mentioned, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have continued to put the said Acts in Execution, which, they presume, have been of great Public Benefit and Convenience; but find it impossible to proceed further, on account of the Insufficiency of the Funds appropriated for those Purposes; and that the said Acts are in several respects defective, especially with regard to the Rates, which, according to the Methods prescribed for laying ,them, are very unequal; and that several Parts of Parishes in the County of Middlefe, adjoining or lying near to the City and Liberty of which are now, or

may hereafter be, built upon, are not included in the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that some further and other general Powers are necessary, for completing the several Purposes of the said Acts: And therefore praying. That i$

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ofa Committee. And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Dowdeswell, dec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. George Brudenell presented to the House, according Walberton to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Inclosiu*. Common, in the Parish of Walberton, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of divers Proprietors of Land, in the Open Fleckney and Common Fields, within the Lordship or Liberties of Inclosure. Fleckney, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Lordship or Liberties, several Open and Common Fields, the Property of the Petitioners, which lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, by such Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. t George Brudenell’, Mr. John Robinson, Sir Thomas Cave, '

and Mr. Booth Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of divers "Proprietors of Land, in the Open Thursftoa and Common Fields, in the Tarish of Thurlfton, other- Inclosure* wile Thulfton, in the County of Leicester, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, the Property of the Petitioners, whose Lands lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, by such Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George Brudenell, Mr. John Robinson, Sir Thomas Cave, and Mr. Booth Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Trustees- appointed to put in Bowes, &c. Execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of his Bond, late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Slammore, in the County of , was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, in Pursuance of the Powers vested in them by the said Act, proceeded in the repairing of the said Road; in order to which, they have borrowed a very considerable Sum, on the Credit of the Tolls granted thereby, which dill remains unpaid; and it will be impossible effectually to amend, widen, and keep the said Road in Repair, and to repay the Money now due upon the Credit of the Toils, during the subsisting Term of the said Act; and that the said Act has in several respects been found defective; and that the

Road

Orton

Inclosure.

Coin Saint Aldwins Inclosure.

9 Geo. III. 26* JanuafH. 145

Road from the Turnpike Road near The Grained Tree, Ad vantage 6f all Persons intferested therein t And there* or Maden Cqftle, through Kayber, to Kayber Crofts, to the fofe prayings That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

present Turnpike Road leading from Brough, through for dividing and inclosing the 'said Lands* and other Kirhby Steven, to Highgale, near Tebay, in the County of the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House Westhnorcland, and also the Road front or near Maden shall seem meet.

Cqftle, or Grained Tree, in the said Stainfnore Turnpike 'Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Billpur-Road, to the Coal Works at Taylor Rig, in the County suant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. of Westlmareland; and TanhtU and Kings Pitts, in the Titcktr, and Mr. Alexander Popham, do prepare, and bring County of Yorb; arrd also the Road from the Foot of in, the fame.

Barrow Brow, until it joins the Coal Road at-

Fed Dike Nook , sue in a ruinous Condition, in many A Petition of the fevetal Persons Whose Names art Culgarth Places too narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others* Inclosure. by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, interested in the several Tracts, or Parcels of Common That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Pur* and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Tbwnship of poses aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions Culgarth, in the County of Cumberland, was prefen ted

as to the House shall seem meet. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That if the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- said Common and Waste Grounds, were divided intd sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine specific Allotments, and inclosed, it Would be a vers the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- considerable Improvement of each Person’s Estate and pear to them, to the House: Interest therein: And therefore praying, That Leave

And it is referred to Mr. John Robin/en, Mr. Edmon* (nay be given to bring in a Bill For those Purposes; stone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at under such Rules and Regulations as shall be thought Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j arid proper.

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill, piir* cords. suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

t Fletcher, Mr. Curwen, Mr. Mu/jgrave\ , and Mr. Chdfte

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Land Owness of Pryce, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, the Manor of Orton, in the County of WestmotilMdi

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, A Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and Magdalen That there is, within the said Manor, a large Open others, Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Was pre- Chanty.

Common, which, in its present Condition, is of little Ule fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That iri

to the Petitioners; but if the same wete divided Into the Year 1758, a Charitable Society was entered intd, specific Allotments, to the several Proprietors, it Would be by several Nobleman, Gentlemen, dnd others, fot a considerable Improvement to the Property of the Peti* establishing a House, for the Reception, Maintenance, tioners, and an Advantage to the Public: And therefore and Employment, of Penitent Pfoftitdtes; and the famfc praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for hath been from that Time carried on and supported bV that Purpose, with such Regulations and Provisions, as voluntary Subscriptions, and manjr Persons have received to the House shall seem meet. Relief from the said Charity; and that the House pro-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur* vided for the Purpose aforesaid is in a very ruinous

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Condition, and too small for the Reception of the

John Robinson, Mr. Norton, and Mr. Jenkinson, do pre- Numbei1 of Objects who are desirous to partake of the said pare, and bring in, the fame. Charity; and that Robert Ding ley, and Philip Milloway,

ECquires, are seised of Six Acres of Land lying dispersed A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the! Cathedral in the Open and Common Fields called Saint Church of the Holy and Indivisible Trinity, in the City Fields, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the of Gloucester, Lords of the Manor of Coin Saint Aldwins, County of Surrey, in Trustj for the building of a Houfd in the County of Gloucester, and Impropriators of the thereon, and making such other necessary Convenience

Rectory of the Parish Church of Coin Saint Aldwins, as may be thought proper, for the Reception, Mainte-and entitled, in Right thereof, to the Great Tithes of nance, and Empfoyent, of Penitent Prostitutes; and ai the said Parish, and also Proprietors of great Pars of the very considerable Sum of Money hath been subscribed Common Fields, Downs, and Lands, in the said Par’rfh i for that Purpose; and that it would be more convenient and of Thomas Ingram, and Samuel Ingram, Esquires, for the Purposes of the said Charity, if the said Robert Sir John Bridget, Knight, and Dame Rebecca his Wife, Dingley and Philip Milloway, and others seised of Lands and Mary Elliot, Spinster, Lessees of the said ManoT, in the said Fields, were empowered to make Exchanges'

Rectory, Tithes, and Lands, under the said Dean and of their Lands, whereby the said Robert t)ingley and!

Chapter; and of the several other Owners of the Philip Milloway may become seised of Six Acres of

Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, in Land in One Plot in the said Fields, in Trust for the

Coin Saint Aldwins aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto Purposes aforesaid; and that divers Persons, seised or fubfdribed, was presented to the House, and read; poflfeflfed of Lands in the said Fields, have a Right of

Setting forth, That there is, within the said Manor or Common for their Cattle, at certain Times in the Year,

Lordship, One large Open Common Field, called Coin upon the said Six Acres of Land, promiscuously with Saint Aldwins, coniifting of Twenty-five Yard Lands, other Lands in the said Fields; and the Petitioners a ret and containing about 1,950 Acres, and several small advised, that no Part of the said Six Acres of Land, or Parcels of Land, without any Right of Common any other Lands the said Robert Ding/ey, and Philip -thereon; and alfoa Tract of Commonable Land, called toway may become seised of in the said Fields, can be The Cow Downs, containing too Acres, or thereabouts, inclosed for the Purposes aforesaid, unless such Right of in and over which, or some Part thereof, the Proprietors Common thereon is extinguished; and (hat the Purposes of the said Common Field, or Yard Lands; or some of aforesaid cannot be efiefted without the Aid of Par-them, have in Right thereof, or otherwise. Common of liament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be Pasture for their Cattle, at stated Times of the Year; given to bring in a Bill for the carrying on and efta-and that the said Lands and Grounds, being intermixed blishing the said Charity, for making fudi Exchanges' and dispersed, are, in their present Situation, incapable of Land, and for eXtinguishing such Right of Com-of any considerable Improvement; and if the same were mon as aforesaid, under such Powers and RegUla-divided and inclosed, and a proper Allotment made tions, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem’ from the said Lands in lieu of the Tithes payable out meet.

of the fame, it would be for the mutual Benefit, and That* Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

Vol. 32. suant

144 26" Januarii. A. 1769.

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Beauchamp, Mr, Alexander Pop ham, Mr. Sir

Joseph Mawbey, and Mr. Thrale, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Efle* A Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the County Gaol, peace, within the County of Essex, assembled at the last General Quarter Sessions, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common Gaol belonging to the said County, situate at Chelmsford, being 9. very ancient Building, and greatly gone to Decay, a Committee was appointed by the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Chelmsford aforesaid, upon the 9th Day of January Instant, to inquire into the State of the said Gaol; and the Petitioners, assembled at the last General. Quarter Sessions, having taken into Confederation the Report of the said Committee, ordered, that an eminent Surveyor should be employed, to survey the present Spot, with the Ground and Houses contiguous thereto, and which had been offered to be disposed of, or made Use of, for the Convenience of the said County, or any other Ground that may be had, for the Purpose of building a convenient Gaol; and that an Application should be made to Parliament for an Act for purchasing Ground necessary, and for rebuilding the said Gaol: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Maynard, Mr. Burrell, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Troughend A Petition of Christopher Reed, of Chipchafe, in the Inclosure. County of Northumberland, Esquire, John Reed, of The

‘ Old Town, in the Parish of in the said County,

Gentleman, and John Hedley, of The Old Town aforesaid, Gentleman, Freeholders, and Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, having Right of Common upon the Common, or Trad of Waste Land therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That there is a large Tract of Waste Ground, Moor, or Common, within and Parcel of the Manor of Reedfdabe, aforesaid, called Troughend Common,

containing, by Estimation, 2,500 Acres, or upwards; and that the Most noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland is Lord of the said Manor, and, as such, is Owner of the Soil and Inheritance of the said Waste or Common; and that the Petitioners, and Thomas Hindmarsh, of The Old Town aforesaid, an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, in respect of, or as appendant or appurtenant to their several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Elfdon, but no other Persons, are entitled to have and enjoy, a Right, Liberty, or Privilege, to turn and departure their Commonable Cattle upon the said Waste, Moor, or Common, and also other Common Right in and upon the said Common; and that the Lord of the said Manor of Reedfdale and the Petitioners are willing and desirous the said Tract of Waste Land, Moor, or Common, which, in its present Condition, is of little Use, may be cultivated and improved; and that the same may be for that Purpose divided and inclosed, and set out and allotted, unto and amongst the said Lord of the said Manor and the Petitioners and the said Thomas Hindmarsh, who are the only Freeholders and Land Owners entitled to Right of Common therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions, and

in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall feehl meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Delaval, Mr. Fuller, and Sir Edward Blacket, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Jonathan Midgley, Esquire, Thomas Atwick Reqfton, Esquire, William Whytehead, Clerk, William Iaclosure* Wilson, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of, or otherwise interested in, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, within the Town-ffijp of Atwick, otherwise Attenwick, in Holderness, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Township, there are several Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures,

Moors, Commons, and Open Grounds, reputed to contain about 1,200 Acres; and that, if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted to the Persons interested, in Proportion to their Right and Interest therein, and a Compensation made in lieu of all Redlorial and Vicarial Tithes, it would be a Benefit to all Persons interested, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Burrell do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Reverend John Skinner, Sub Dean TPr*flJ?n of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of York, nc osure* Marmaduke Collins, Gentleman, One of the Lessees under the said Sub Dean, Elizabeth Thompson, Spinster,

Joseph Sykes, Richard Bell, Esquires, and the Reverend Isaac Thompson, Clerk, and of several other Persons, whose N^mes are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested, in the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, within the Township of Preston, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, axe certain Open and Unindofed Lands and Grounds, which consist of Arable,

Meadow, and Pasture Ground, are distinguished by the several Names of The North Field, The South Field,

The Hay Mask, The Neat Majk, The New Firth, The New Field, The Greaths or Growths, and The , and contain Sixty-five Oxgangs of Freehold Land, and Sixty-five Oxgangs of Copyhold or Customary Land, or thereabouts, which Oxgangs consist of about 4,500 Acres; and that the several Lands of the said Proprietors are promiscuously dispersed in small Parcels, and in general so inconveniently situated, as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and, in their present State, are not capable of much Improvement; and that a Division and Inclosure of the said Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, would be a considerable Benefit to all the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Burrell do prepare, and bring

in, the lame.

A Petition of Matthew Smith, Esquire, Lord of the Bishop Manor of Bishop Wilton, in the East Riding of the Wilton County of York, and Owner and Proprietor of the nc 0 ure' greatest Part of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said Township, and also Impropriator of, and entitled to, all the Tithes of Corn,

Grain, Wool, and Lamb, within the said Township, and the Tithes of Hay, in the Ings and Open Fields there, and in certain Inclosures, which have been taken

and

t

Geo. III. 26° Januarit. 145

and inclosed therefrom, and for which, Tithes in Kind are now paid; and of Clerk, Vicar of

Bj/Iiop Wilton aforesaid, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners of, or otherwise interested in, divers other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the said Township of

Wilton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Township, are several large and extensive Open Fields, Commons, Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Proprietors lie dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement; and that the dividing and lncIofing, and exempting the same from Tithes, in Confederation of just and adequate Compensations, would be advantageous to all the Parties interested, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition:- And that Sir George Savik and Mr. Burrell do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Yorlthorp A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

lndofure. thereunto subscribed, Owners of, or interested in, the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Uninclosed Grounds within the Township of , in the

East Riding of the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, Three Uninclosed, Common, Arable Fields, containing, by Estimation, 455 Acres, wherein the Lands of the several Proprietors lie intermixed; also Two Common Stinted Pastures, called The Cow Pasture, and Ox containing, by Efti-

mation, 219 A'cres; and a small Parcel of Uninclosed Ground, called The Common, or Wajle; and that an Inclosure of the said Fields, Pastures, and Uninclosed Grounds, and a specific Division thereof, would be very beneficial to the Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Uninclosed Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, and Mr. Burrell do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Wigginton A Petition of Hewley Bof Bell Halit in the

Inclosure. County of York, Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Wig-ginton, in the said County, and Owner of several ancient Messuages, Cottages, and Frontsteads, at -

ton aforesaid, Thomas of Wigginton aforesaid,

Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of Wigginton aforesaid, and the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the said Manor or Lordship, there is a Common, called Wigginton confiding of 400 Acres, or thereabouts, the Soil whereof belongs to the said Hewley Baines, as Lord of the said Manor; and the Depasturage thereof belongs to the said Hewley Baines, and the several other Owners of ancient Messuages, Cottages, and Frontsteads, in the said Township of Wigginton; and the Tithes thereof belong to the said Thomas Mojley, as Rector of the said Parish; and that such of the Petitioners as are interested in the said Common are desirous, and have agreed, that the said Common shall be divided and inclosed, and exempted from the Payment of Tithes; and that an adequate Compensation in lieu of such Tithes, and also of all the Small Tithes due and payable within the said Parish, shall be given to the said Thomas Mojley, and his Successors, Re&ors of the said Parish j by Means whereof the said Common will be capable of great Improvement, for the Advantage of all the Petitioners, and of the Vol. 32.

Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds of Wigginton aforesaid, and for assigning certain adequate Compensations to the’

Rector of the Parish Church of Wigginton aforesaid, in lieu of Tithes, and for other Purposes therein to be expressed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Burrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lords of the several Manors,. Haxby within the Township of Haxby, in the North Riding of Ittclo‘ure* the County of York, the Owners of the Tithes, ancf the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Own-, ers of Common Right Messuages and Tenements,

Field Lands, and Grounds, within the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are, within the said Township, divers large Uninclosed Fields, containing together about 700 Acres, and also a Common, called Haxby Moor, containing about 1300 Acres, and that the Lands of the several Proprietors lie very inconveniently intermixed in the said Fields; and that the fame, and also the said Common, in the present Situation and Circumstances thereof, are not capable of much Improvement, but would be rendered greatly so by being divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Uninclosed Fields, and Common or Moor, and for other Purposes therein to be expressed, under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, and Mr. Burrell do prepare, and bring, in, the fame.

Sir George Savile presented 'to the House, according San&on to Order, A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Inclosure. Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of SanSlon, in the East Rjding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Weston - Weston ville, in the County of Cambridge, and of several Own- inclosure. ers and Proprietors of Lands and Commons, in the Open and Common Fields of Weston Colville aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Estates, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie open and dispersed, and in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be for the Benefit of the several Parties interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and allotted to the several Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Jackson, the Marquis of,

and Mr. Jennings, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and proprietors of the feve- Deddington, ral Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in certain &c. Places called Stone a Fenn, and Block Fern, on the East Drainage. Side of a certain Dram called The Sixteen Feet Drain, otherwise Thurloe's Drain, in the Hamlet of - .

ton in the Parish of Deddington, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in a Place called Honey, in the Parish of Chatterifs, in the said Isle and County, and abuttaled and bounded as* follows; viz. on the East by a certain Old Drain or Sewer, called Tweefdale Load, dividing the Parishes of -

P p ton

146 26® Jamarii.A. 1769.

ton aforesaid, from the Parish of Manca j on the West, great Progress hath been made in exchanging, allot -by the said Old Sewer or Drain, called The Sixteen Feet ting, and inclosing, the fame; but such Exchanges,

Drain, otherwise Thurloe's Drain;on the North, by Allotments, and Inclosure, cannot be completed and Lands of Mrs. Winifred Watkins; and on the South, established, to answer, the Intention of the Parties, with-by and adjoining to the Hard Lands, or High Lands, of out the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying,

Manca, by Alt Fenn Common, and the Hard Lands, or That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for con-High Lauds, of Chatterifs aforesaid, called Honey Hard firming and establishing the said Exchanges and Allot-Lands, or High Lands; on the Behalf of themselves, ments, and for completing the said Inclosure, in such and all other the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in Manner as to the House shall seem meet, the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, was presented Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Fen Lands and Low Grounds, confiding of a fertile Sir William Mr. , and Sir Anthony Abdy,

Soil, are capable of producing, and do naturally pro- do prepare, and bring in, the fame, duce, great Quantities of Corn and Grain, and also

Grass, Hay, and Fodder, for the Depafluring and Feed- A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Com- Middleton

ing of Cattle, whereby great Profits might arise to the mon Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Cheney

Public and to the Petitioners; and that from the low Common Grounds, Commonable Lands, and Tithes, nco e* and flat Situation of the said Lands and Grounds, and lying and arising within the Fields, Liberties, Precincts, the Decay of their Banks, Drains, and Outfalls to Sea, Townships, and Hamlets, of Upper Middleton Cheney the same are liable to be overflown, and covered with and Lower Middleton , in the Parish of Upper

Water, and cannot be drained and kept dry, unless Middleton , in the County of Northampton, was

some certain Powers and Provisions be made and grant- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That cd, by Authority of Parliament, the better to enable there are, in the Liberties, Territories, Precincts, Town-the Petitioners to embank and drain the fame: And ships, and Hamlets, of Upper Middleton Cheney and therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring Lower Middleton Cheney aforesaid. One large Open and in a Bill for the more effectual draining and preserving Common Field, called Middleton Field, confiding of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in such Man- Forty-one Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and the Petition-ner as the House shall think proper. ers, and divers others, are entitled to Common of Paf-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ture for their Cattle upon the said Field, Commonable

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Lands, Pastures, and Commons; and that the said fe-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall veral Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners are incon-appear to them, to the House: veniently situated, and, in their present Situation, are

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying,

Yorke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for divid-Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and ing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Common Field, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- Common Meadows, Common Padures, Common Grounds, cords. and Commonable Lands, or such other Relief in the

Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

West A Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put in Exe- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Lavmgton, cation an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Roads. Reign of his, late Majesty King George the Second, in- Sir William and Mr. Hanmer do prepare, and

tituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from bring in, the fame.

West Lavington, t§ The Devizes, and from The Devizes

to Seend, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are A Petition of the several Freeholders, Owners, and Ear!* thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Proprietors of Lands, and Estates, in the Open and Barton

read; Setting forth, That Four Thousand Pounds, and Common Fields, Meadows, Padures, Commons, and Inclosure*

upwards, hath been borrowed, on the Credit of the said Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Earls , in the Act, which remains unpaid; and that great Progress County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto has been made in repairing the said Roads, but, by subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set-Means of the many heavy Carriages passing on the ting forth. That the Petitioners are possessed of several said Roads, and the great Scarcity and Dearness of Freehold Estates, and other Properties, in the said

Materials, the same cannot be effectually kept in Re- Fields, Meadows, Padures, Commons, and Wade

pair, and the Intered of the Money borrowed be paid. Grounds, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore pray- Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniences do ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for arise; and that the said Fields, Meadows, Padures, enlarging the Term and Powers, and altering the Tolls, Commons, and Waste Grounds, are very fit and progranted by the said Act, in such Manner as to the per to be indofed and divided: And therefore praying,

House shall seem meet. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for divid-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- . Meadows, Padures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall the Parish of Earls Barton aforesaid, according to each appear to them, to the House: Person’s Right in the fame.

And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Cavendish, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power Sir William Dolben and Mr. Hanmer do prepare, and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. bring in, the fame.

Irchester A Petition of Elizabeth Sparke, Widow and Admini- A Petition of Archibald Buchanan, Esquire, Lord of Sundon Inclosure. dratrix of Havey Sparke, Esquire, deceased. Sir William the Manor of Sundon, in the County of Bedford, Patron Inclosure. Dolben, Baronet, on the Behalf of Havey Sparke, a Mi- of the Vicarage, and.Impropriator of the Great Tithes, nor, William Manning, Clerk, and others, whose Names of the Parish of Sundon aforesaid, and of several other are thereunto subscribed, interested in certain Lands Persons, Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Own-and Grounds, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County ers and Proprietors of Lands, in the Common Fields, of Northampton, was presented to the House, and Common Meadows, and Common Grounds, in the read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds laid Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Set-were formerly Open and Common Fields; and that ting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Peti-16 tioners

rtatktingtoun)

&c.

Inclosurt.

UhthofTs

Nat

Tunbridge,

See.

Road.

Geo. III. 0,6" Janudrii. 147

tioners and others* in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dirperfed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof were allotted to the several Persons interested, in proportion to their respective Rights therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ongley and Mr. Whitbread do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Freeholders and Heritors of the County of Haddingtoun, and of several Gentlemen usual-

ly travelling the Roads within the said County; was presented to the'House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Dun-glass Bridge, to the Town of Haddingtoun; and from thence to Ravenjhaugh Burn, in the County of Haddingtoun: And setting forth, That the Money collected and borrowed by virtue of the said Act, has been duly applied, and great Progress has been made in the Reparation of the said Roads; but that the same cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further enlarged, and continued j and that the several Roads leading into the Road abovementioned cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course provided by Law; and it would be highly advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said County, and other Persons travelling through the fame, if Provision was made for the effectual repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Mr. Wedderburn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Halsey reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Henry Uhthoffwas committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Halsey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Trustees to an Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tunbridge to , and

from Wats Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed 1 and also of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes oHSevenoakes, Leigh,

Chiddingftone, Penflmrji, Afkhurfi, Spaldhurst,

Tonbridge, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the said County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Act was made fin the Fifth Year of His present Majesty; and that the Trustees have borrowed several Sumsj-' Money upon the Credit of Voi#. ^2.

the Tolls collected at the Turnpikes, which were put up in the Parishes of Leigh and Penjhurji, for amending the said Road from Wats Cross to Cowden, which said Sums so borrowed were, together with the said Tolls, applied in repairing and widening the said Road from Wats Cross to Cowden; and that the said Money so borrowed

still remains unpaid, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the said Act is amended, and the Tolls raised; and that the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common, in the Parish of Sevenoakes, through the Parishes of Sevenoakes, Leigh, Chiddingstone, Penfhurst, and Ajkhurst, to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, in the Parish of Speldhurst, and the Road from Town, through the Parishes of

and Tonbridge, to the Turnpike Road at or near South-

borough, in the Parish of Tonbridge, in the said County of Kent, are in a ruinous Condition, very narrow, and impassable for Carriages, and in general very dangerous, and cannot be widened, and effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Couife of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to advance and raise the said Tolls, and amend the said Act, so far as relates to the Road from Wats Cross to Cowden; and also for repairing and widening the said Roads, leading from Sevenoakes Common to hurji Hatch Corner, and from Penflmrji Town to South-borough aforesaid; and for making such other Provisions as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition b^ referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Sackville, Lord Strange, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Meadows, Fens, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, irl the Parish of North Hickham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wkich-cot. Lord George Sackville, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Francis Lord Orwell in the Kingdom of Ireland, Sir Robert Rich, of Rose Hall, in the County of Suffolk, Baronet, Lieutenant General of His Majesty’s Forces, and John Bradford, Esquire, Executors of, and Trustees named in the last Will and Testament of Sir Robert Rich, late of Rose Hall aforesaid, Baronet, Field Marshal of all His Majesty’s Forces, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thai, by a Settlement, bearing Date the 6th Day of August 1714, and made previous to the Marriage or the said Sir Robert Rich, deceased, with Dame Elizabeth his Wife, Daughter of the Right honourable Elizabeth Lady hun, also since deceased, (he the said Lady Mohun, in Consideration of the said intended Marriage, did covenant, that certain Premises, in the County of Lancaster, should be charged with the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, which Sum, and all the Proceed thereof, should, after the several Deceases of the said Sir Robert Rich, since deceased, and the said Elizabeth his Wife, be paid and applied for the Purposes in the Petition mentioned; and that the said Sir Robert Rich died on the First Day of February 1768, leaving the said Dame Elizabeth Rich his Widow, and by her Two Sons and Two Daughters, to wit, the said Sir Robert Rich, his Eldest Son and Heir, and George Rick, Esquire, his Second and Youngest Son, and the Right honourable zabeth Lady Lyttelton, his Eldest, and Mary Rich, Spin-fter, his Second and Youngest Daughter; and that the said George Rick having, for a considerable Time, laboured under a Weakness of Mind, so as to be judged

incapable

North

Hickham

Inclosure.

Rich’s

Will.

148 26° Jattuarii. A. 1769.

Rich’s incapable of doing any legal A<fl, or managing his own Will. Affairs, the said Sir Robert Rich the Father, by his last Will, bearing Date the 3 ift Day of 1767, gave

and bequeathed to the Petitioners, their Executors and Administrators, all his Government and Public Stocks,. Funds, Annuities, Bonds, and Securities, uponTrust, amongst other Things, to pay and apply the Yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds Long Annuities, towards the better Maintenance and Support of his said Son George Rich, during his Life, in such Manner as they should think proper; and appointed the Petitioners, his Executors and Administrators, Guardians of his Person; and directed all his said Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Bonds, and Securities (subject to the several Trusts in his said Will thereof declared), to be sold,

1 and the Money arising therefrom to be laid out in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee Simple, in Possession, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned; and (amongst others) in Default of Issue Male of the Petitioner Sir Robert , to the other Two Petitioners Lord Or and John their

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for a Term of Five hundred Years, upon Trust (amongst others) to pay the Yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, towards the better Provision and Accommodation of the said George Rich, during such Part of the said Term as he should live, and of his said Will appointed the Peti tioners Executors; and the said Testator, by a Codicil, bearing Date the 7th Day of December 1767, did expressly declare and direct, that the said George Rich should not become entitled to any Provision by his said Will given or intended for his Support or Benefit, until an Act of Parliament shall be obtained, for diverting him of all such Right as he should then have to any Share of the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, which, by the Settlement made upon his, the said Testator’s, Marriage with Dame Elizabeth Rich, was secured for the Benefit of their Younger Children; and also for vesting such Right in the Petitioners, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, as Part of his Personal Estate; and the said Testator, by his said Codicil, declared his Will to be, that the Petitioners should, as soon as might be, apply to Parliament, and use their best Endeavours to obtain such Act; and, in the mean Time, and until such Act should be obtained, should apply so much of the Dividends, Interest, and Proceed, of the said Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Bondsj and Securities (not exceeding in the whole the Provision by the said Will intended for him), as the Petitioners, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, should think fit; and the said Testator, by another Codicil, bearing Date the First Day of February 1768, did discharge his said Long Annuities from the several Yearly Payments by his said Will directed, and did direct the same to be paid out of such other of his said Funds, Stocks, and Securities, or out of the Rents and Profits of any Real Estates to be £urchafed therewith, at the Option of the Petitioners, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or their or his Assigns; and that the Petitioners, soon after the Decease of the said Testator, proved his said Will and Codicils in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and possessed themselves of his Personal Estate, which is much more than sufficient to answer the several Annuities, Legacies, and Sums of Money, thereby given; and that the Petitioners conceive the Provisions by the said Will, for the Benefit of the said George Rich, will be more for his Advantage, than any Right of which the said Testator, by his said first-mentioned Codicil, intended him to be divested as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given tobring in a Bill for diverting the said George Rich of all such Right as he now hath or claims, or which his Executors or Administrators may, at any Time or Times hereafter, have, claim, or acquire, to any Share of the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds, which, by the Settlement made upon

the Marriage of the said Sir Robert Rich, deceased, with the said Dame Elizabeth Rich, was secured, or intended to be secured, to or for the Benefit of their Younger Children; and for vesting such Right in the Petitioners, as Part of the said Testator’s Personal Estate, but subject in the First Place to the several Trusts and Purposes in the said Will exprdfed, of or concerning the Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Bonds, and Securities, thereby given to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Jackson and Mr. Dyson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Richard Wilson, Esquire, Lord of the Poppleton Manor of Poppleton, with its Members, in the County hiclosure.

of the City of York, and Lessee under his Grace the Archbishop of York, and also under the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of York, of the Great Tithes arising within the said Manor, and also Owner of divers Messuages, Cottages, Scites of Messuages and Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor; and of Thomas Bowes, Esquire, William Gen-

tleman, Richard Ray, Clerk, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of other Estates and Common Right there respectively, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Manor, are several Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Ings, and also a Moor, or Common, and Waste Grounds, called Poppleton Common, and say Great Corner; and that the Petitioners have also a Right of Common upon a certain Moor called Scagle-thorpe Moor, adjoining upon the said Poppleton;

and that the several Properties, in the said Open Fields,

Meadow Grounds, and Ings, lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested, if the same were inclosed', and divided into specific Allotments, and exempted from Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and for making Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled to the Great Tithes yearly arising withiji the said Manor, and also to the Vicars or Ministers within the said Manor, for their respective Vicarial and Eccle- , fiastical Dues, Yearly arising within the same Manor, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Jackson, and Mr. Daniel Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Robert Bower, Esquire, Lord of the Sutton Manor of Sutton, in the Parish of Norton, in the East Inclosure. Riding of the County of York, the several Owners and Impropriators of the Great and Small Tithes arising or issuing out of the said Township, and also of the several Owners of Lands and Grounds within the same Township, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several large Open Fields, Common Balks, or Wastes, and Stinted Pastures, containing together 700 Acres, or thereabouts, which are at present of small Use or Value; but, if divided and inclosed, would be capable of very great Improvement; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Town Fields, Common Balks, Stinted Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the said Township of Sutton, under such Orders and Directions as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Jackson, and Mr. Daniel Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the faqie.

A fetitiqa

Aclome

Inclosure.

Bristol

Hospitals

and

Fairs.

Pengate,

iiC.

Hoads.

9 Geo. III. 26° Januarii. 149

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are ment passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Owners of, or interested in, the Common. Fields, Com- Ad: for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in mon Pastures, and Uninclosed Grounds, within the the Parish of in the County of Wilts, to -

Township of Aclome, in the East Riding of the County chef's , near the East End of Market Laving ton, and

of York, was presented to the House, and read; Set- also the Road leading from Market Down, to

ting forth, That there are, within the said Township, the Turnpike Road near Deweys Waterand also the Three Uninclosed Common Fields, called The Bank Road leading from Bolefborough, to Studley Lane End; and Field, Womlow Fields and Wft land Field, containing, also the Road leading from Yarubrook, to the Turnpike

by Estimation, 480 Acres, wherein the Lands of the Road at in the said Courtty of Wilts; was

several Proprietors lie very inconveniently intermixed; presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That also several large Common Stinted Pastures, and Unin- the Petitioners the Trustees, so far as empowered, have closed Grounds, called Sleight's Pasture, Becks Pasture, proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have Wold, and Ings, containing, by Estimation, 580 Acres; made considerable Progress in repairing the said Roads: and that an Inclosure and Division of the said Fields, and have borrowed, on the Credit of the Tolls, the Sum Pastures, and Grounds, would be highly beneficial to of Seven hundred Pounds, and upwards, which, with the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, the Tolls collected, have been duly applied; but that That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for di« such Roads cannot possibly be effectually repaired, widen-viding and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common ed, and kept in Repair, and the several Sums of Money,

Pastures, and Uninclosed Grounds, under such Regula- with the Interest thereof due and owing, be repaid, un-tions as to the House shall seem meet. less the Term of the said Act be continued; and the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur- Powers enlarged, the said Act having in feme respects suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. been found defective; and that the Road from Latchetts Lascelles, Mr. Jackson, and Mr. Daniel Lascelles, do Bridge, near the East End of Market to join

prepare, and bring in, the fame. the Turnpike Road at Connock, and also the Road from

The Ending of Market Lavington, Turnpike Road, near

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Common- Deweys Water, to join the Turnpike Road at or near alty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, the Ninety-three Mile Stone, in the Parish of Seend, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, leading to likewise the Road from the Turn-

that the Petitioners are Governors of a certain Hospital, pike Road at the End of Market Lavington Field, lead-within the said City, called Queen Elizabeth's Hospital, ing over The Downs to join the Turnpike Road at or for the Maintenance and Education of poor Children; near the Ten Mile Stone, on the Turnpike Road leading and that the House or Building used for the said from Redhone to Anger', and also the

Hospital, situate near a Place called Colledge Green, Road from the said Turnpike Road at the Top of within the said City, was formerly the sole Property of Market Lavington to the Top of the Hill on the Mayor and Commonalty of the said City, and by terton Down, leading to all in the County \

them given and converted for that Purpose; and that of Wilts (which Roads adjoin to the Roads included in the Petitioners are likewise Governors or Visitors of a the Act above mentioned j, are in a very ruinous Condi-Free Grammar School, in a House or Building, called tion, narrow in feme Places that Carriages cannot pass The Bartholomews, situate within the same City; and that each other, and are also, for want of proper Drains and the Apartments belonging to the said Building called Bridges, in feme Places frequently overflowed, and ren-The Bartholomews, (though fit for all the Purposes of dered impassable, and cannot be effectually amended Queen Elizabeth's Hospital) are not large enough to re- by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the having ceive and entertain many of the Citizens Children, who proper Powers for amending the said additional Roads, have a Right to be educated at the said Grammar which contains but a few Miles, will be a Means of School; and that it would be of great Convenience, if joining and communicating with many other Turnpike the Matters and Scholars belonging to the said Gram- Roads, and consequeritly will be of great Public Utility; mar School were removed to the said Building called And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to Queen Elizabeth's Hospital, and the Master and Children bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers belonging to that Hospital removed to the said Building granted by the said Act, and for amending the said called 7he.Bartholomews; but the Petitioners apprehend additional Roads, in such manner as to the House shall

they are not empowered to make such Exchange; and seem meet.

that Two Ancient Fairs are held Annually within the OThat the said Petition be referred to the Con-said City, One for Eight Days, beginning on the Twenty- sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine fifth Day of January, and the other for Nine Days, be- the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-ginning on the Twenty-fifth Day of July, that the pear to them, to the House:

laid Fairs do not answer the good Ends of their Insti- And it is referred to Mr. Sir George -

tution, by reason that the Times of the Year at which vile, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at they are held are extremely inconvenient to the Manu- Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and fadturers and Traders resorting thereto, as well as to the have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Inhabitants of the said City: And therefore praying. That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the The House being informed, that Mr. Jullioti, from Account Petitioners to make the said Exchange, and for altering the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; presented s the Times for holding the said Fairs to more convenient and, at the Bar, presented to the House pursuant to Xg11j:s<jucr Parts of the Year, in such Manner as to the House shall their Order,

seem meet. An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill made out by virtue of an Act passed in the Eighth Year pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Mr. Brickdale and Mr. Halsey do prepare, and bring in, raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exche-the fame. quer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1768.

And then he withdrew.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, And the Title of the said Account was read,

and others, of the County of Wilts, as likewise of the The said Account is as followeth: viz.

Trustees and Mortgagees of the Second District of Road, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliar Vol. 3Z. Q q To

Land Tax.

Wootton

Inclosure.

Chipping

Norton

Inclosure.

150 26° Jam^.1769.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer I^ills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1768.

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the

26th Day of January, 1769. S. P. Jullio

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the- Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners, for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service

of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 6th Day of February next, resolve itself" into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas

Soutkam, Christopher Wildman, and Southam,

and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunder written. Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of , and the

Reverend John Banks, Rector of the Parish of Wootton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, which are of small Advantage to the Proprietors, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a considerable Improvement to the Estates of the Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the - said Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Charles Spencer and General do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Gibbs, George Filjly, Edward Witts, Joseph Walker, William Groves Wheeler,

Henry Dawkins, Esquire, Samuel Huckvale, William Meads, John Rook, Joseph Newton, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunder written, Proprietors of Common Fields, Lands, Grounds, and Tithes, in the Parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, which lie greatly intermixed, and are of small Advantage

16

to the Proprietors, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, it would be a considerable Improvement to their respective Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Charles Spencer and Lord Robert Spencer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was also moved, that the Order, made Djtto> upon Monday the 19th Day of December last, " That " the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison do bring the " said John Wilkes, in Custody, to the Bar of this House,

" upon Friday the 27th Day of January next, to answer " the Matter of the Charge of his being the Author and " Publisher of the Introduction of the Copy of a Letter,

" addressed to Daniel Ponton, Esquire, Chairman of the " Quarter Sessions at Lambeth, and dated Saint James's,

" the 17th April, 1768, contained in a certain Newspaper, intituled, The St. James’s Chronicle, or " Evening Post, from Thursday, December the 8th, to " Saturday, December the 10th, 1768, printed by Henry " Baldwin, at the Britannia Printing Office, N° 108,

" Fleet-street, if the said Mr. Wilkes shall signify his " Desire to the said Marshal to be so brought up," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison

do

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Mr. Wilke*; Saturday the 10th Day of December last, " That the " Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison do bring the said " John Wilkes, Esquire, in Custody, to the Bar of this House, upon Friday the 27th Day of January next, if " the said Mr. Wilkes shall desire to be so brought up," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison do bring the said John Wilkes, Esquire, in Custody, to this House, Tomorrow Morning, if the said Mr. Wilkes shall desire to be so brought up; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the said Marshal, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

-by

9 Geo. III. 26° — 27°

do bring the said John Esquire, in Custody, to

this House, Tomorrow Morning, to answer the Matter of the said Charge, if the said Mr. Wilkes shall desire to be so brought up; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the said Marshal, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That Copies of the said Orders be sent to the said Mr. Wilkes,

Northampton Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at Election, the Barof this House, the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

'Pitto. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Attend-

ance of Joseph Peach, George Batman, John Baker, Joseph Wills, and several Persons, who were Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Sepulchre, in the Town of Northampton, for the Years 1767 and 1768, be now read. ’

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said several Persons do attend this House, upon Tuesday, next, at Twelve of the Clock.

American A Petition of William Bollan, Esquire, of Boston, in the Cokmie*. province of Massachusets Bay: Praying, That the Concurrence of the Commons, in the Resolutions and Address communicated by the Lords at a Conference, may not take Place; being offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for Ihe Yeas, J }io5-

Tellers for the Noes,| ">0^. } 136.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Lord Garlics acquainted the House, That the

Answer to Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty with the ClEgc.0ry Congratulatory Message of this House, of the 10th Day of Novemberlaft, had attended Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to say.

Gentlemen,

I sincerely thank you for this additional Mark of your Duty to the King, and Attention to Me.

American The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Colonies. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 28th Day of November last, the 7th Day of December last, and the 20th Day of this Instant January, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

And the House having continued to fit till pad Three of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Can of the The other Order of the Day being read;

House. Ordered, That this House be called over upon

Vol. 32.

Januarii. 151

this Day Fortnight, the iOth Day of February next.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as do not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Veneris> 27 die Januarii \

Anno, 90 Georgii III*®1 Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the , Private Order of Yesterday, that Leave be given to Business. move the House this Day, that any Private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That iny Private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

A Petition of the Clergy and Principal Inhabitants of Birmingham the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Streets, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and other the Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That certain Ways and Passages within the said Town are too narrow for the commodious passing and repairing of Carriages, to the great Danger of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of Persons resorting thereto; and that it would tend greatly to the Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, if a certain ancient Building, within the said Town, called The Upper -about House, was taken down, and the Ground upon which the same now stands was laid open; and that it would add greatly to the Safety and Advantage of the said Town, if the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages thereof, were kept clean, and properly lighted, and kept free from Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages, and taking down certain Buildings, within the said Town, for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes,

Ways, and Passages there, and t& remove all Nuisances,

Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, and to prevent the same for the future, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fanife, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Plumer,

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Prichard, Esquire, and several Shottery other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inclosure. being Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds in Shottery Fields, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie open, common, and intermixed, and are inconveniently situated for the Owners thereof; and that it would tend to the Improvement of the respective Estates of all Persons interested therein, if the said Lands were inclosed and divided: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, and for allotting the same amongst the Petitioners, and all others interested therein, according to their respective Shares and Inte-

rests

Ampney

Indofore.

West Coat Wood Close inclosure.

York and

Kingston upon Hull Theatres.

Maid (tone* Sc c. Road.

152 2 70 Januarii. A. 1769.

rests in the fame, under such Regulations as to the House shall appear necessary and expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given tobring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jackson and Sir Roger Newdigate do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Samuel Blackwell Esquire, Lord of the Manors of Holyrood Ampney, otherwise Ampney Crucis,

and Ampney Mary, otherwise Ashbrook, in the County of Gloucester, the Right honourable William Earl of Radnor, in Behalf of his Son the Right honourable Jacob P ley dell Bouverie, commonly called Viscount,

the Reverend William Sand ford Doctor in Divinity, Rowland Taylor, John Radway, William Taylor, John Leech, James White, John Frampton, and the several ofher Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Land, within the said Manors, Parishes, or Townships, of Holy Rood Ampney, and Ampney Mary aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several large Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, and a Commonable Down called Ampney Down, situatewithin the Manors, Parishes, or Townships.of Holy Rood Ampney and Ampney Mary aforesaid, which lieconti-guously, anddocontain in the whole2080 Acres, or thereabouts ;and that the Lands of the several Proprietors, in the 1 said Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, lie intermixed', and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated, and are, in their present State, incapable of Im- ’ provement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, and Commonable Down, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Southwell and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Macartney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing several Woods and Wood-lands, and a certain Close, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of St. Catharine End, in the Parish of Ryflip, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

through Debtling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Bor*

den and Bobbing, in the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Road is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened without the Aid and Afiillance of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, by such Ways, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ofa Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Mr. 8cc.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Robert, by Divine Providence, Lord Wheldrake Archbishop of York, Primate of England, and Metro- *acto<utc‘ politan, Patron of the Redtory of the Pari 111 Church of Wheldrake, in the County of York', and the humble Petition of Beilby Thompson, Esquire, Lord of the Mauor

of Wheldrake aforesaid, and Owner of several Estates within the said Manor and Township of Wheldrake aforesaid, the Reverend Hugh Thomas, Doctor of Divinity,

Rector of the said Parish, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners of Estates and Common Right there respectively, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor or Township, are several Open Fields, Meadow Ground, and Ings, and also a Moor, or Common, and Waste Grounds, called Wheldrake Moor ox Common', and that the several Properties lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that it would be of great Advantage if the same were inclqfed and divided, and exempted from Tithes and other Ecclesiastical Dues And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and for making a Compensation to the Redlory of the said Parish, for the Great and Small Tithes, Ecclesiastical Dues, and Payments Yearly arising, within the said Manor or Township, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Edward Lascelles and Mr. Turner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Baker and Tate Wilkinson, both of the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a licensed Playhouse is wanted in the said City, and in the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and that the Petitioners are possessed of Buildings in each of the said Place's, very properly situated, and which they have at great Expence commodiouflyfinished and furnished, for the Purpose of a Playhouse: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent, to license a Playhouse, or Theatre, in the said City of York and Town of Kingston upon Hull, respectively.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Turner and Mr. Edward Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayors, Jurats, and principal Inhabitants, of the King’s Town and Parish of Maidstone, and of the Borough of Quinb in the County of Kent; and also, of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Milton, and Sittingborne, and of other Parishes in the latne County, adjoining or near to the High Road leading from Maidstone aforesaid.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers, and St. Saviour* of several of the Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Saviours, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish extends along the Side of the River Thames, from London Bridge Eastward, to the Falcon Inn, near B/ackfryars Bridge Westward; and there is not any Passage leading from thence, directly into the Borough of Southwark, wide enough for Carriages to pass each other; and that there is not at present any convenient or commodious Way, from the High Street in the said Borough, to the said Parish Church: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to open a Street, for the Passage of Carriages, from the High Street in the said Borough of Southwark, between Pepper Alley and the North Side of St. Saviours Church, to the East End of Maid Lane, in Park Street, and for making a commodious Avenue to the said Church; by taking down Two Houses on the North Side of Frying Pan Alley, in the said Borough of Southwark.

Ordered, That the said Petition bereferred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thrale, Sir Charles -worth, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five

9 Geo. III. 270 Jama fit.

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bedworth A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are laclosure. thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of, and interested in, the Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, of Bedworth, in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Property of the said Fields in its present State and Condition, lies intermixed and dispersed, and is incapable of Improvement} and that it would be greatly advantageous, if the same were specifically allotted and inclosed; and it would be also advantageous, if Provision was made for regulating and extending the Application of the Charity Estates, late of Nicholas , Clerk, deceased,

in Bedworth, aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave tmy be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, and other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Richard , Sir Charles daunt, and Mr. Bromleydo prepare, and bring in, the

lame.

Eaton A Petition of his Grace the Duke of and

Inclosure. also the humble Petition of Charles Mor ley, Anthony Rogers, Richard Hardy, Thomas Wright, William,

John Morris, and others. Proprietors of Lands within the Open and Common Fields of Eaton, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read j , Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lie greatly intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to each Proprietor, it would greatly improve their several Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Sutton and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

& Botolph A Petition of the Commissioners nominated and ap-" &c. ’ pointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in the

(London) Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Paving. for paving the -Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of Saint, Botolph Aidgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street, called East Smithfield, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Occupiers of Houses and other Premises, within the above Dif-tridl, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the said Commissioners have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and borrowed the Sum of Four thousand Five hundred Pounds upon Annuities for Lives, upon the Credit, and for the Purposes, of the said Act, and that, although the Money lo borrowed, together with the Rates and Duties by the said Act given, have been duly applied, yet the same have been found insufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Act-; and there are several Streets yet unpaved, notwithstanding a Rate of Two Shillings in the Pound has been laid upon all the Occupiers of Houses and other Premises within the said Diliridl: and the said' Act has, in several other Particulars, been found defective; and that it will be of Public Utility to have the rest of the Streets within the said District paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, which cannot be effec-:.V.ol. 32,

tually done without having the Powers of the said Act extended; and the Petitioners are apprehensive, that a Tax adequate to the effecting the above Purposes would be found too burthensome to great Numbers of the Inhabitants; and that, if a small Rate was laid upon the Owners of Estates within such District the same would be the Means of the most speedy and effectual paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Streets and Places, and tend to lessen the Burthen of the poor Inhabitants: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers in the said former Act, and for the other Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Mr.

&c.: and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records,

A Petition of the Parishioners of St. Nicholas, within the City of Rochester, and also of the Town of within and without the Liberties of the same City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said City and Town are very great Thoroughfares; that, through the Narrowness of the High Streets of both the same Places, Carriages are frequently flopped, and the Inhabitants greatly incommoded; and that it will tend to the Safety and Convenioncy of the said Parishioners, and be *of Public Advantage, if the Petitioners were empowered by a- Parliamentary Aid, to pave and light the said High Streets, and keep the same free from Obstructions and Annoyances, with a regular Watch, and to make a Road through Star Lane, across the Fields and Grounds there, leading to Chatham Hill i And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. G, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Peter Rauert, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Kynaston, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of William Pigot, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Grendon Underwood, in the County of Bucks, Patron of the Perpetual Advowson of the Redlory of the Parish and Parish Church of Grendon Underwood aforesaid, and Proprietor of far the greatest Part of the Lands within the said Lordship; and the Reverend Francis,

Re£lor of the said Parish and Parish Church, on Behalf of themselves and others, who are Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Grendon Underwood aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read 1 Setting forth, That within the said Manor or Parish, there are certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 2000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and a Compensation made in lieu of Tithes, the mutual Benefit of all Persons interested would be promoted thereby!

R r And

Rochester

and

Strood

Streets#

Ratlert's

Nat.

Grendon

Underwood

Inclosure*

Severn

Bridge.

Newport

Parnell

to

Woodstock. Road, &c«

Aflihury

Indofuxe.

154 270 Januarii. A. 1769.

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Verney and Mr. Gilbtrt do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcester, under their Common Seal, and

of several Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read i Setting forth. That the present Bridge over the River Severn, at the City of is an ancient

Structure, and is narrow and unsafe for Carriages and Passengers; and the Streets and Avenues, leading to and from the same, are narrow, and very inconvenient j and that the building a new and commodious Bridge, Over the said River, near the present Bridge, and opening convenient Streets and Avenues to and from the same, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the said City and County of Wo and to all Persons having Occasion to pass over the said River there; but will be attended with so considerable an Expence that the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That -.he said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Burrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, was presented to the House, and readSetting forth, That the High Road, leading from Newport in the County of

Bucks, through the Towns of Stony Stratford, Buckingham, and Bicester, to the Town of in the County of

Oxford, is in a very ruinous Condition, in many Places too narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, by such Means, and under such Regulations, as to the H./ufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Charles Spencer, Lord

Verney, Sic.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Craven, Lord of the Manor of in the County of Berks, and Owner or Proprietor of certain Lands within the Manor and Parish of Ashbury aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read } Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioner, and the other Persons interested in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are not at present capable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the fame, and the said Commons and other Commonable Places, were divided, allotted, and inclosod, it would tend to 16

the great Advantage of the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Craven and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Craven, Lord of the Manor of , in the County of Berks, and Owner or Proprietor of certain Lands within the Manor and Parish of Uffington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioner and others, wherein their Estates lie intermixed and dispersed, and are not at present capable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, would tend to the great Advantage of the Petitioner, and the other Persons interested therein; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Craven and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Biddulph, Esquire, and his Three Infant Sons, John Biddulph, Charles and

1Thomas Biddulph, to grant Leases of certain Manors, Capital and other Messuages, Mansion Houses, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the several Counties of Surrey, Suffix, and Stafford, of which they are.Tenants for Life successively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bert, Mr. Cavendiffi, Scc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the principal Gentlemen, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, within the Parishes or Townships of Cheadle, Ipjlones, Kingjley, Onecoat, Grindon, and Places adjacent, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from or near ,through the

Pari (lies of Cheadle, Kingjley, and Ipjlones, to Botham House, situate on or near the Turnpike Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to Leeke in the County of Stafford, as also the Road leading from Bolham , across the said Turnpike Road, to and through One-coat, in the said County of Stafford, is in a very bad and ruinous Condition, and in many Places frequently impassable for Carriages, and cannot, be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by Means of the Laws now in being; and that the said Road, being in the whole about Eight Miles in Length, will be effectually repaired, including a Bridge intended to be built at or near Frogall, across the River Churnett, for the Sum of £.2500, or thereabouts, which Sum is already subscribed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make and repair the said Road, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to tire House:

And

Uffington

Inclosure.

Biddulph'*

Estates.

Cheadle, See. Road.

Ofbtldwick

Inclosure*

Holnrft

Iflclosure.

Garth’s

Estate.

9 Geo. III. 270 Jamarii.

155

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of several Open, Common, and Stinted Grounds, and Ancient Inclosures, within OJbaldwick, and Gate with Peter land

Row, Parcel of the Prebendal Manors of Stronfal and OJbaldwick aforesaid, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the Township of OJbaldwick, there are Two Pieces'of Open Ground, called OJbaldwick High Moor and OJbaldwick Carr, containing together, by Estimation, 130 Acres, Parcel of both the said Manors, undistinguished either by Metes or Bounds; and that, belonging to that Part of the Township of OJbaldwick, which is within the Manor of OJbaldwick, and a Member of the fame, is a

Place, called Gate Helmjley, with P eterland Row, where is a Parcel of Open Ground, called Gate Helmjley Stinted Pasture, containing also, by Estimation, 130 Acres; and that it would be beneficial to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of the said several Open Parcels of Ground, if the same were divided and inclosed, and also to have the fame, and the Old Inclosed Lands, and also all the Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Township of OJbaldwick, except the Old Inclosed Lands there, for the Reftorial Tithes whereof a Money Payment is now paid as aforesaid, and within Gate Helmjley, with Peterland Row a Member thereof, for ever exempted and discharged, of and from all Reftorial and Vicarial Tithes, Modules, Cornpo-fitions, and Ecclesiastical Dues whatsoever, Mortuaries and Surplice Fees only excepted, proper and adequate Compositions being made in lieu thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Grounds and Stinted Pasture, and for settling Compensations in lieu of Tithes, of all the Tithable Lands and Tenements at OJbaldwick and Gate , with Peter-

land Row aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fyant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Ellis, and Mr. Edward Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Francis Eyre, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Holnejl, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said'Parifit of Holnejl, several Open and Uninclosed Commons and Commonable Places, which, in their present Situation, are of little Value, and incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement to the Estates of the several Proprietors, and a Public Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, with such Regulations and Provisions as to the House fltali seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Burgherjh and JVIr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower Richard Garth, Esquire, to make Leases of his settled Estates, in the County of Surrey', for building upon and improving the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, "Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the-House,

»VoL. 33.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, the Petitioners were empowered to build a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Blackjriars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey, and to make several Ways and Passages to and from the same, on each Side of the said River; and by another Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, were empowered and enabled to complete the said Bridge, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; and that, the Works of the said Bridge being ndw nearly finished, it is become necessary forthwith to make a Road or Avenue thereto on the Surrey Side; and therefore the Petitioners, if they might be furnished with sufficient Means for that Purpose, are willing to undertake the making of a strait Road, from the said Bridge, Southwards, to the present Road across St, George’s Fields, between Symonds and the

Stones End in Blackman Street; and from thence, branching into Two Parts, the one leading to some Place at or near the Dog and , and the other to Newington Butts; the Expence whereof, as well as of the several Purchases necessary for that Purpose, the Petitioners are willing and desirous should be defrayed by a Continuation of the Tolls now payable for the Passage over London Ridge, and the said Bridge at Blackjriars, and which, by the said Act of the Seventh-Year of His present Majesty, are to cease and determine immediately after the Payment of certain Sums therein mentioned; and that the said intended Road might be lighted, watched and kept in Repair, at the Expence of a small Toll thereon: And therefore praying. That Leiave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to make the said intended Road, ana to light, watch, and repair the fame, when made.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examina the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbrooke, Mr. Alderman Beckjord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Hardinge, Esquire, Lay Impropriator of the Parish and Parish Church of Kingston upon . Thames, in the County of Surrey, and Diocele of IVin-chester, and Patron of the Vicarage thereof; and also of many of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, and other considerable Inhabitants, residing within the said Vicarage, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the said Vicarage of Kingston upon Thames comprehends the several Chapelries or Curacies of Peter-sham, Richmond, East Mou/Jey, Thames Ditton, and Kew; and that the said Chapelries or Curacies are, by the ancient Constitution of the said Vicarage, absolutely dependent upon, and subject and subordinate to, the said Vicarage; but that, in Course of Time, such Incroachments have been made, in various Particulars, in Prejudice of the said ancient Dependence and Subordination, as have rendered the actual State of the said Vicarages and Chapelries or Curacies extremely irregular, and scarce reconcileable to the settled Principles of our Ecclesiastical Constitution; and that the Vicar of Kingston has immetnorially enjoyed the Right of Nomination to the said several Chapelries or Curacies; but, whether the Persons so nominated are entitled to hold their Chapelries or Curacies independent of the said Vicar, has at Tittles been litigated, and does not appear to have been ever yet decided; and that certain Rights of the Vicar, which have never been controverted, would, if exercised,

in

Blackfriad*

Bridge

Roads.

Kingrton

uponTTiames

Vicarage,

l$6 27° Januarii. A. 1769.

in the present State of the Vicarage and its Dependencies, prove extremely inconvenient; such as that of holding himself all the said Chapelries or Curacies without officiating in any of them, or of shifting his Residence from one of the said Chapelries to another, and thereby subjecting the Inhabitants of the said Vicarage to a frequent Change of their Ministers; and that the belt Method of preventing Litigation for the future, as well as of providing for the more decent and regular Service of the Churches comprehended -within the said Vicarage, would be by dividing the same into distinct Vicarages; and that a Presentment was made, by Commissioners under the Great Seal, above a Century ago, recommending a Division of the said Vicarage; and that, since that Time, from the increase of Inhabitants, and other Circumstances, a Division of the said Vicarage is become more proper, and necessary than ever; and that the said Vicarage, with the subordinate Chapelries and Curacies, will, from its Situation, admit, with the greatest Convenience and Propriety, of a Division into Three separate and independent Vicarages; and that an ample Maintenance will be supplied for the Three Persons who shall hold the said Vicarages: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing the said Vicarage into Three separate and independent Vicarages, under such Provisions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, , to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. , &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wilkes* The House being informed, that a great Crowd of

People were in the Lobby, and in the Passages leading to the House;

Ordered, That the Lobby and the Speaker’s Chamber be cleared of all Persons except Mr. the Marshal

of the King’s Bench Prison and his Officers, the Counsel, Witnesses, and Agents, attending this House.

Brwnber Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Elediou. privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

an Means. re|0|ve itfelF into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-taight, relblve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, relblve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Wilke*. The several Orders of the Day being read, for hearing the Matter of the Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King’s Bench against the said Mr. Wilkes; and also for hearing Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, by himself or his Counsel, against an Allegation in the Petition of the said Mr.;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Counsel for Mr. Wilkes be not admitted to be heard upon any of the Allegations contained in the said Petition, except the Complaint of the Records

having been materially altered by Lord Mansfield’s Orders: and the Charge against Philip Carteret , Esquire, of having l'uborned and bribed, with the Public Money, one Michael Curry, to give Evidence against Mr. Wilkes according to the Directions of the said Mr. Webb-,

The House was moved, that the Entries in the Journal of the House, upon the ill Day of December 1763, of the Resolution of the House, for an Address to be presented to His Majesty; and of the Report from the Committee, who had been appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution; might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Counsel for Mr. Wilkes be not admitted to be heard upon any of the Allegations contained in the said Petition, except the Complaint of the Records having been materially altered by Lord Mansfield's Orders; and the Charge against Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, of having suborned and bribed, with the Public Money, one Michael Curry, to give Evidence against Mr. Wilkes according to the Directions of the said Mr. W;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^' °g^m. J»7*.

Tellers for, he Noe,}<3r.

96 it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkes be brought in, to the Bar; and that the Counsel for the said Mr. Wilkes and for Mr. Webb be called in; and that Mr. Speaker do acquaint the Counsel for Mr. Wilkes with the said Resolution.

Mr. IPilkes was accordingly brought in, to the Bar.

And the Counsel on both Sides were also called in.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted the Counsel for Mr. Wilkes with the said Resolution.

And Mr. Wilkes having submitted to the House, whether he, being elected a Knight of the Shire for the County of Middlesex, could be at the Bar of the House, without delivering in his Qualification, and taking the Oath required by an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to enforce, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to " the Qualification of Members to lit in the House of " Commons;"

Mr. Wilkes was directed to withdraw.

And the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the said Act was read.

Resolved, That Mr. Wakes be again brought in, to the Bar; and that the Counsel on both Sides be again called in; and that Mr. Speaker do acquaint the said Mr. Wilkes, that his being in Custody at the Bar, with his Counsel, in order to support the Allegations of his Petition, without having taken the Oaths, or delivered in his Qualification at the Table, is not any Offence within the Intent and Meaning of any Act of Parliament made relative to the Qualification of Members to serve in Parliament.

Then Mr. Wilkes was again brought in, to the Bar.

And the Counsel on both Sides were again called in.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted Mr. with the said

Resolution.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

And the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Wilkes be remanded into the Custody in which, and to the Prison from which, he was brought; and that, Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of so much of the Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, as this House has directed to be heard; and of the Proceedings

on

v.

Wilkes.

Mullens

Pond

Road.

9 Geo. III. 270 — 28° Januariu 157

on several Informations in the Court of King’s Bench against the said Mr. Wilkes; and also the Hearing of Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, by himself or his Counsel; be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison do bring the said John Wilkes, Esquire, iti Custody, to this House, upon Puejday Morning next, if the said Mr.' Wilkes shall desire to be so brought up; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the said Marshal, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That Copies of the said Orders be sent to the said Mr. Wilkes.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Members of this House, who were ordered to attend in their Places this Day, do attend in their Places upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the Report of the Conference with the Lords, upon Friday, the 16th Day of December last, be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Hearing of the Matter of the Charge against John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, of his being the Author and Publisher of the Introduction of the Copy of a Letter, addressed to Daniel Ponton Esquire, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions at Lambeth, and dated, St. James'% the 17th April 1768, contained in a certain Newspaper, intituled, " The St. " James's Chronicle, or British Evening Poll, from " Thursday, December the 8th, to Saturday, December the " 1 oth, 1768, printed by Henry at the Britannia

" Printing Office, N° 108, Fleet ,"be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison do bring the said John Wilkes, Esquire, in Custody, to this House, upon Tuesday Morning next, to answer the Matter of the said Charge, if the said Mr. Wilkes shall desire to be so brought up; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the said Marshal, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That Copies of the said Orders be sent to the said Mr. Wilkes.

Ordered, That Henry Baldwin do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Swan do attend this House at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 28° die Januarii;

Anno 90 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1769.

Prayers,

A PETITION of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of SaHfbury, and several other Roads, in the said Act mentioned; and also for the repairing and widening several other Roads leading out of the said Roads, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and of several Gentlemen and Von. 32.

others, of the Counties of Soulhampton alifl whose

Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Road leading out of the Road from Wily to Cooks House, by the said Act directed to be repaired, over Sherrington Hill, to the Turnpike Road from- Sutton, to about Eight Furlongs beyond the Top of a Hill called Corton White Sheet j and also the Road leading out of the said Road, at or near Sherrington Hill, to the Road leading from Mullens Pond to Willoughby Hedge, by the said Act directed also to be repaired, at a Place on the East Side of Stockton Wood, and from thence One Mile of the Road leading to Denton; and also the Road leading out of the Road from West Amejbury, to Ayflrow Hill, by the . said Act

also directed to be repaired, at the Top of Chittern in the Parish of Chittern All Saints, through the Parjlh of Barwick Saint James, to the Turnpike Road leading from Redhone Hill to Fisherton. Anger; and also the Road leading out of the said Road, from Wft Amefbury and Anftrow Hill, at or near Stonehenge, to a Place near the Ten Mile Stone in the said Turnpike Road, leading from Redhone Hill to Fisherton Anger: and also the Road from Wileyaforesaid, to and through Hanging Langfordt

to the End of the Parish of Hanging Langford, towards Wilton; and also the Road leading out of the said last mentioned Road, at a Place near the Dwelling House of William Winter, in the Parish of Hanging Langford aforesaid, across the River there, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Steeple Langford, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in same Places, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the Powers of the said Act were extended to the repairing and widening the said Roads, the same would be of great Use and Benefit to the Inhabitants of that Country, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making Provision for the repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manenr as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Brick* dale, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee; to whom Marlborough the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, &c. 8

passed in the Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, Road*, for repairing the Roads from Marlborough to Shepherds Shord; and from Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherill Hill, and from Avebury, to Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts-, and for repairing and widening the Road, from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury, to W^ougbton; rand from the North Side of Swindon, to the Carpenters Arms in Blunfden, in the said County; was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for lopping Trees and Hedges growing in the Roads.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

S f

Rolle’i

Estatei,

158 28° Januarii. A, 1769.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments/ be ingrafted.

A Petition of Denys Rollexof , in the County of

Southampton, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by Indentures of Lease and Release of the 7th and 8th of November 1729, the Release being Tripartite, and made between the Petitioner’s fate Father, John Rolle, Esquire, since deceased, of the first. Part; Sir John Chichester, Baronet, and Richard vin, Esquire, both since deceased, of the Second Part; and Peter Glubb, Gentleman, since also deceased, of the third Part; the said John granted and conveyed unto the said Peter Glubb, and his Heirs, divers Manors and Lands therein mentioned, in the Counties of Jet, Southampton, and Wilts, which were devised to the said John Rolle the Father, and his Heirs, by the Will of Samuel Rolle, Esquire, deceased, to the Use of him the said John Rolle, the Father, for his Life, with several Remainders, mentioned in the Petition; and that the Torm of One Thousand Years in the said Indenture mentioned, was thereby declared to be limited to the said Sir John Chichester and Richard Mervin, upon Trust, immediately after the Decease of the said John Rolle, the Father, to raise £. 500, and pay the same to Isabella Charlotte Rolle, then the Wife of the said John Rolle the Father, her Executors, 6?<r. within One Year next after his Death, in case she survived him; and after the same fbouki be raised and paid, then to raise £. 600, and lay out the same in a Monument, to be erected, in Memory of the said Samuel Rolle, in the Parish Church bf Shapwick, or Eafi Tuderly; and upon further Trust, that the said Trustees should, as soon as the said John Rolle the Son should be seised, or have the Reversion or Freehold, of the Premises, to raise £.6000, and lay the same out in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled Upon the said William Rolle, to the feme Uses as the Premises aforesaid were settled upon and limited to him, by the said Indenture of Settlement; and upon further Trust, that the said Trustees should, as soon as the said William Rolle should be seised of, or have the immediate Reversion or Freehold of, the Premises, to raise the further Sum of £.6000, and lay out the same in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled upon the Petitioner Denys Rolle, to the same Uses as the Premises were by the said Indenture of Settlement, settled upon and limited to him: and that, by the said Indenture of Settlement, Pra-vision was made, that it should be lawful for the said John Rolle the Father, during his Life, and after his Decease, for the said John Rolle the Son, William Rolle, and the Petitioner Denys Rolle, and for their several and re-(pe&ive Sons, when in Pofiession of the said Premises, to demise or lease the Premises (except as therein is excepted), in such Manner as is therein mentioned; and also for the said John Rolle the Son, William Rolle, and the Petitioner Denys Rolle, to make Jointures, as therein mentioned; and that, if any Lands or Estates, in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, that should be really and bond side worth £. 1000 per Annum, should any ways defeend or come unto the said John Rolle the Son, or William Rolle, then the Estates therein before limited to, or to the Use of, the said John Rolle the Son, and William Rolle respectively, should cease, determine, and be void; and the said Premises to come to the next in Remainder, according to the Limitations therein beforementioned; and that previous to, or soon after, the making of the said voluntary Settlement, the said' John Rolle the Father borrowed of Nicholas Hooper, Esquire, and Susanna Achland, £. 4000; for securing the Re-payment whereof, with Interest, Henry Rolle, Esquire, his eldest Son, joined in a Bond, or some other Security, with him; and for indemnifying the said Henry Rolle against the Payment thereof, the said John Rolle the Father mortgaged the said Premises, comprised in the said Settlement to the said Henry Rolle; and that the said Rolle the

Father died in 1730; and the said John Rolle the Son, *5

William Rolle, and the Petitioner Denys Rolle, survived him; and the said John Rolle the Son, on the Death of the said John Rolle the Father, became and was seised of the immediate Reversion or Freehold of the said Premises, subject to the said Term of One Thousand Years, whereby the said William Rolle became entitled to have the said £. 6,000, provided for him by the said Settlement, raised and laid out in the Purchase of Lands* and settled on him, pursuant to the said Settlement; and that, (bon after the Death of the said John Rolle the Father, the said £. 500 was raised by and out of the Rent3 and Profits of the said Premises, and paid to the said Isabella Charlotte Rolle; but the said £.600, for erecting a Monument to the Memory of the said Samuel Rolle, hath not yet been raised; and that the said William Rolle died some Time after the Death of the said John Rolle the Father, unmarried, and without Issue; and the said £. 6000, directed to be raised and laid out in the Purchase of Lands for his Benefit, having not been raised and laid out in his Life-time, the Petitioner Denys Rolle became entitled to have the same raised and laid out in Lands, and settled to the Uses in the said Indcntnre of Settlement , and the same hath been raised, by a Mortgage of Part of the said Premises, which Mortgage is now become vested in John Parker, of Saltren, in the County of Devon, Esquire i and that some Time after the Death of the said William Rolle, an Estate in Fee Simple, or Fee Tail, which was really and bond side worth more than £. 1,000 per Annum, defeended and came to the said John Rolle the Son now John Walter; and the said Premises came to the Petitioner Denys Rolle, according to the Limitations in the said Settlement, fub-jedk to the said Term of One Thousand Years, and to the said Mortgages for £. 4,000 and £. 6000; and also subject to another Mortgage for £. 1500, made by John Rolle, late of Shapivick aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, who was the elder Brother of the aforesaid Samuel Rolle; and that the said Hettry Rolle afterwards Lord Rolle, after the Death of the said John Rolle his Father, was obliged to pay, and did pay, to the said Nicholas Hooper and Susanna Achland, the said £.4000, and Interest, for which he became bound with his said Father John Rolle as aforesaid, whereby the said Premises comprised in the said Settlement became chargeable with the Payment of the said £.4,000, and Interest, to him the said Henry Lord Rolle, his Executors and Administrators; and that the said Henry Lord Rolle afterwards died, having made his Will, and the said John Rolle now Walter, Executor thereof, who proved the fame, and is thereby become entitled xto the said £. 4000, and Interest j and that the said Sir John Chichester, and Richard Mervin are both dead, and the said Term of One Thousand Years is now vested in Dorothy Mervin, Widow, Executrix of John Mervin, Esquire, deceased, who was Son and Executor of the said Richard Mervin, who survived the said Sir John Chichester; and that the Petitioner Denys Rolle hath One Son now living, namely John Rolle, who is an Infant, and no other Issue Maleand that the Petitioner is seised in Fee Simple, of divers Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of considerable Value in the County of Devon, subject to a Mortgage for £.13,356 5-r. to the aforesaid John and also

subject to the Sum of £. 2,000 charged thereon by the Petitioner’s Marriage Settlement; and that the Petitioner hath now a fair Opportunity of disposing of some Parts of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, comprised in the said Indenture of Settlement, to Advantage; and is desirous that the same should be fold, and that, out of the Money arising by Sale thereof, the said Sum of £. 600, for eretting a Monument to the Memory of the said Samuel Rolle, and also the said Three Sums of £.4000, £.6000, and £. 1500, and Interest charged thereon by way of Mortgage, should be first paid and discharged j and that out of the Residue of the said Money, the said Sum of £. *3,356 5*. should in the next

Place

9 Geo.. III. 28° Januarii. 159

Place he paid; and that the Surplus, if any, should be paid to the Petitioner Denys; and doth propose, that, in lieu and (lead of the said £. 13,356. 5J. and Interest, and such other Part of the said Purchase Money as shall remain after Payment thereof, such Part of the Estates whereof the Petitioner is seised in Fee Simple, in the County of Devon aforesaid (subject to the said £. 2,000 for his Younger Childrens Portions), as will be more than an Equivalent for the said /. 13,356. 5*. and Surplus of the said Purchase Money, mall be substituted and settled, in lieu thereof, to, for, and upon, and subject. to, such and so many of the Uses, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations, contained in the said Indenture of Settlement, as are now existing undetermined, or capable of taking Effect; but that the said Proposal cannot, by Reason of the Minority of Join Rolle, the Petitioner’s Son, take Effect, and be carried into Execution, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the P/ayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Barrow, and Lord Brozvnlozv Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

-Carnarvon A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold-Road. ers, of the County of , was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from Taly Cafn Ferry, in the said County, through Conway, Bangor, and Carnarvon, to Pwllhely, in the same County, is in many Places narrow, incommodious, and dangerous, and greatly out of Repair, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave'may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that they may be otherwise relieved in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wynn, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Birmingham A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Pro-Canal. prietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, on Behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, Power is given to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from Birmingham, to or near , Oldbury, Tipton Green,

and Bilstone, therein described to be in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, although the said Village of Oldbury, and some small Traits of Land within the Description of the said Act, through which the said Navigation must unavoidably pass, have since been discovered to be situatedn a detached Part of the County of Salop; and that, by the said Act, Power is given to make Cuts and Reservoirs within One Thousand Yards of the said Canal, for the Purpose of supplying it with Water, which proves to be too short a Distance to collect a sufficient Quantity of Water in dry Seasons; and that the Shares in the said Undertaking being, by the said Act, made of the Nature of Real Estate, the same may be attended with Inconveniences; and the Petitioners apprehend it would be more agreeable if they were made Per-1‘onal F.flates; and that,'the Sum subscribed for carrying on the Undertaking, being 50,000, the dividing the same into Five hundred and Fifty Shares, is also inconvenient; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in making the said Canal, but find that, in order to complete the same, it is necessary some Alterations should be made in several of the Provisions of the fartl Act, and some further Powers given: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to rectify Vol. 32.

the said Mistake with respect to the County of and for making such further Alterations and Additions to the said Act as shall seem meet, with respect to the Matters above dated, and otherwise for perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Ldrd Beauchamp, Mr.

See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Witham thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Part of the Low Dralmgw Lands or Fens, lying on both Sides the River Wit ham, in the County of Lincoln, between Lincoln High,

and the Sea, intended to be drained, by virtue of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and preferring certain Low Lands, called The , lying on both.

Sides the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln; and for restoring, and maintaining, the Navigation of the said River, from the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That, the General Commissioners for Drainage, acting under the said Act, have proceeded in the Execution of such Part of the said Act as relates to the general Drainage of the said Low Lands; and have raised within the several Districts the full Rate, or Acre Tax, granted by the said Act for that Purpose; but find the same insufficient to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, to discharge the Annual Expences attending the Trust, and to the completing the Works of Drainage, several of the said Works remainingunfinished; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if some further Provisions are not made, for the completing of the Works of Drainage, and for rendering the said Act more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, the Money already laid out will be in a great Measure loft, the Works already finished run to Decay, and great Part of the Country intended to be drained be subject to the Payment of a Tax, without receiving any Benefit thereby:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual the said Act, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Mr. Ho-

bart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Thorp holders,' and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, whose Road. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the High Road leading from Spend Lane, in the Parish of , in the said County, through the Villages of Ttffington and Bradbom, by Bradborn Mill, to the Village of,

and likewise a Branch from the Turnpike Road leading from A/hborn to Alfretoti, by Bradborn Mill, to and upon Biggen Moor, by reason of the Narrowness of the Road in some Places, and from the Nature of the Soil, is become deep and ruinous; and that the same cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws in being, be effectually amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confine ration of a Committee: And that they do examine

the

Dinglcy't Saw Mill.

Fits Gerald's inflates.

160 28° JanuariuA. 1769.

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fitzherbert, General 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to tend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Charles Dingley, of , Merchant, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, in 1766 and 1767, at the Expence of Four Thousand Pounds and upwards, erected on his Estate at Lime house, near the River Thames, a Wind Saw Mill} and that the Operation of the said Mill so fully answered the Hopes and Expectations of the Petitioner, as to encourage him to give very large Orders for proper and suitable Timber, to be thereby manufactured; and that, whilst the Petitioner was in the full Use and Enjoyment of the said Mill, and, by Means thereof, was enabled to supply the Exigencies of public Demands in a suitable and advantageous Manner, he had the Misfortune to feel the Effects of the late riotous Proceedings; the said Mill, and the Works thereof, being, on the Tenth Day of May last, by a great Number of Persons riotously and tumul-tuoully assembled, destroyed, spoiled, and rendered entirely useless; and that the Petitioner hath used his utmost Endeavours to bring the Offenders to Justice; but is advised the Punishment for such Outrage can only be as for a Misdemeanor at Common Law; and that, notwithstanding the aforesaid discouraging Incidents, the Petitioner has completely and substantially repaired the said Mill, and hath necessarily laid out and expended therein the Sum of One Thousand Pounds, and upwards; and for as much as the Petitioner hath not only brought to Perfection an Engine, so manifestly for the Benefit of the Public, but hath sustained the Loss of the Interest of the large Sums expended about the fame; and moreover hath borne the Burthen of a very great Stock of Timber provided and left on the Petitioner’s Hands unmanufactured, by Means of the Outrage and Interruptions aforesaid: Therefore praying the House, to take his same into Consideration, and to grant him such Recompence and Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof ;and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Gilbert Jodrell, Gentleman, Agent for, and on the Behalf of, Gerald Gerald, of in the County of Meath, and Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think proper, and recommends the said Petition to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date the 12th Day of December, in the Thirty-sixth Year of his Reign, did grant unto Gerald Fitz Gerald, Great Uncle of the said Gerald Fi/z Gerald, and to his Heirs and Assigns for ever, the Town and Linds of Rathrone, and several other Lands and Tenements in the Counties of Meath, West Meath, Kildare, and Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, subject to cer-H

tain Quit Rents; and that, by a Family Settlement, made in the Year 1685, the said Lands of Rathrone, and the other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so granted to the said Gerald Gerald, were granted to Trustees and their Heirs, to the Use of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald, for Life, Remainder as to the Lands of Rathrone to Mary his Wife for her Jointure, Remainder as to all the Lands therein comprised to the First and other Sons of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald in Tail Male, Remainder to Henry Fitz Gerald the Brother of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald for Life, Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with several Remainders over to others of the Family, with a Reversion to the Right Heirs of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald; and that the said Henry Fitz Gerald was outlawed for High Treason, on account of the Rebellion which happened in the Kingdom of Ireland in the Year 1688; and his said Estate in Remainder in the said Lands, his Brother the said Gerald Fitz Gerald being the n, and for many Years after living, became vested in the Trui-tees appointed by the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth of King William the Third, for the Sale of the Forfeited Estates in Ireland-, and that Gerald Fitz Gerald the Younger, and Eduard Fitz Gerald, the Sons of the said Henry Fitz Gerald, being Minors, by William - Gerald, their next Friend, on the 9th Day of , in the Year 1700, did make and tender their Claim to the said Trustees, and proved the said Settlement of 1685; and that the said Claim was heard and determined, by the said Trustees, on the 23d Day of March, in the Year 1701; and the said Trustees thereupon declared the said G^,aid Fitz Gerald the Younger, and Edward

Fitz Gerald, respectively, to be entitled to an Estate in Tail Male, in the Lands and Premises comprised in the said Settlement, cxpedlant upon the Death of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Elder, and Henry Fitz Gerald, who were both then living; and that the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Elder, and Mary his Wife, and the said Henry Fitz Gerald, died many Years ago; and the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Elder, died without Issue; and, upon their Death, the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Younger, who was the Eldest Son of the said Henry Fitz Gerald, and was also the.Nephew and Heir at Law of the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Elder, entered into, and became seised of, an Estate in Tail Male, of and in the said Lands and Premises, and levied several Fines, and suffered several Common Recoveries of the said Lands and Premises, and afterwards mortgaged the lame; and that the said Gerald Fitz Gerald the Younger died in the Year 1729, leaving John his Eldest Son, Gerald his Second Son, and Christopher his Third Son; and the said John died without Issue soon after the Death of his Father, and thereupon Gerald the Second Son became seised of, and entitled to, the find Lands and Premises, subject to several Incumbrances; and the said Gerald the Second Son is Grand Nephew, and Heir at Law', of the said Geraid Fitz Gerald the Elder, the Patentee, and hath levied several Fines, and suffered Common Recoveries, of several of the said Lands; and that the said Gerald last named, on whose Behalf the Petition is presented, hath become personally liable for several of the Debts of his Father, and also contracted Debts himself; and that it being discovered, in the Year 1764, that the Reversion in Fee, of and in all the Lands and Premises comprised in the said Settlement, expectant upon the Determination of the Estate in Tail Male vested in the Sons of the said Henry Fitz Gerald, was become vested in the said Trustees, and, by the Act of the First and Second Year of the late Queen Anne, in the Crown, subject to the Orders of Parliament; and the said Gerald, having no other Fund for the Payment of the Debts of his Father, or his own Debts, and to secure his Liberty, but by Sale or Mortgage of the Lands and Premises in the said Settlement mentioned; for the Purchase whereof no Person would treat or deal with him, until the Re-

versioa

Dalby’s Petition for CempcufatiOB*

p Geo. III. a8a Januarii: 161

version in Fee thereof was divested out of the Crown, and vested in him, an Act was paired for that Purpose, which extended to several, but not to all, the Lands and Hereditaments in the said Settlement mentioned; and that the said Gerald Fitz Gerald hoped the Value of the Reversion of the Lands in the said former Act mentioned would have been sufficient to answer the fa-lutary Purposes of the said Act, and to enable him to raise Money for the Payment of the Debts of his late Father, and his own Debts, and to secure his Li- berty; but he finds that all the Lands and Premises in the said Settlement mentioned must be mortgaged Dr fold for that Purpose; and that no Person will treat or deal with him for the Purchase of such of the Lands in the said Settlement mentioned as were not included in the said former Act, until the Reversion in Fee thereof shall be divested out of the Crown, and vested in him, which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament; and it has been frequent, in such Cases, to shew Favour to Protestant Purchasers and Creditors; and that the said Gerald Fitz Gerald resides in the Kingdom of Ireland, is hourly expected to arrive in , and

has sent Instructions to the Petitioner to endeavour to obtain an Act of Parliament for the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for diverting the Reversion in Fee of and in such of the Lands and Hereditaments in the said Settlement mentioned, as were not included in the said former Act of Parliament, out of His Majesty, and for veiling the same in the said Gerald Fitz , in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Francis Dolby, of London, Merchant, being offered to be presented to the House j

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, in January 1743, the Petitioner’s Ship Britannia, Burthen 200 Tons, or thereabouts, failed

from the I lie of Wight, bound on a Voyage to Genoa, or Naples, with a Cargo of Wheat on Freight, and from thence to Gallipoli, and back to , and, in the

Course of her Outward Voyage, put into Port Mahon, where Ihe was stopt by Admiral Matheivs then Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Mediterranean, by whose Order the Cargo was taken out of her for the Use of the Fleet, and her whole destined Voyage thereby totally defeated; that the Petitioner was prevented, by the Agents of Government, from ever regaining Possession of her, and ascertaining the Money due to him in respect thereof, either by the Arbitrement of Merchants of Reputation, or a Jury, when the legal Remedy subsisted; and never received any Satisfaction for the fame, or the Damages occasioned and fullained; but the Officers of Government, or One of them, changed her Name, and afterwards Ihe was actually employed as a Tender in his Majesty’s Service, Thirty-two Months, and upwards; and that Government, in the former War, had Two-different Methods of hiring Ships, viz. One, for Transports, to be used at their Pleasure so long as their Service required, which were generally paid about Fifteen or Sixteen Shillings a Ton per Month, taken into immediate Pay, and so continued about Two Months after a Convoy failed with them to their destined Ports, from the Place where they were discharged abroad, and, if taken or dellroyed by the Enemy, then to be paid for by Government; the other, under certain Restrictions, for particular Voyages, upon cheaper Terms, in which Cales the Owners of Ships bound to Foreign Parts in order to bring Cargoes to Europe, where the Homeward Freight was the chief Object, usually contracted to carry Stores to Places near their Outward Course at much lower Rates of Freight

Vol. 32.

and Demurrage than they could otherwise have done} and that the Petitioner’s Ship Francis, Burthen 200 Tons, or thereabouts, being, in 1743, bound to and South Carolina, to take in, and carry from thence* in 1744, a Cargo of Rice to upon the Petition*

er’s Account, was, about the iff of December 1743* hired by the Commissioners for Victualling, under a Charter Party, for One particular desertbed Voyage, to be performed with Convoy, Wind and Weather permitting, from Spithead, to Gibraltar or Port;

the Petitioner was bound in a large Penalty, for the true Performance thereof; under which. Government would have recovered the Value of the Provisions if they had* been loft by the Petitioner’s breaking the fame; and, on the other Hand, the Justice of the Crown was the Petitioner’s Security for Payment and Performance on his Majesty’s Part, in same of breaking the Charter Party; and that the said Ship, although hired for such Voyage only (the Sailing Part whereof to Port Mahon was performed in let's than Six Weeks,) was* by an Order from Sir Charles Hardy, dated at Saint Helens, the 31st of March 1744, and therein mentioned to be given by Directions from the Admiralty, carried to , and there detained Three Calendar Months and Twen-ty-seven Days, and from thence, on a Cruize Twelve Days off Cape Saint Vincent; therefore did not arrive at Gibraltar till the 30th of September 1744, where (he was detained till the 18th of October following, when the was taken back to Sea, and off Cadiz Bay Part ot her Cargo was delivered to his Majesty’s Fleet, and afterwards taken to Port Mahon with the Remainder, and, in every respect, used, without the Petitioner’s Confenr, as a. Ship hired for a Monthly Transport, and not discharged by Government till Twelve Months, wanting a few Days, from the Time of her Hiring, nor did any Convoy fail with her from Mahon until above Fourteen Months after such Hiring, whereby the Petitioner loft the Benefit of his Voyage to Carolina in 1744, and the Ship was taken by the Enemy on her Voyage from Port Mahon thither in 1745; notwithstanding all which, the Petitioner has not been able to obtain Payment, either upon the Terms and Conditions of other Ships hired by Government to be used at their Will and Pleasure, or for the special Damages occasioned and sustained by the several Breaches of the Charter Party, but received from the Commissioners for Victualling £.637. in id. and no more, in Part

of the Money due to him on Account of this Ship; and that, about the 15th of M 1755, the Petitioner’s Ship Ann, Burthen 186 Tons or thereabouts, de-

parted from Saint Kitts with a valuable Cargo, and arrived in the British Channel on the 22d of April following, when Ihe was brought to by One of his Majesty’s Tenders, and Three of the Petitioner's best Seamen were imprest, and Three Persons, wholly unacquainted with the Navigation of a Ship, placed in their Stead; and about Seven of the Clock in the Evening of the next Day, the said Ship was again brought to, between Pepperil Point and the Needles, by another of his Majesty’s Tenders, the Commander whereof, notwithstanding the distressed Condition the was then in for want of Hands to navigate her, detained her in that dangerous Situation till near Midnight, and then impressed One of the best Seamen left on Board; by means of which said Detention, and Impressing the Hands, the said Ship was, in a few Hours afterwards, beat to Pieces at the Back of the Hie of Wight, ami only a very small Part of her Cargo and Materials were saved, for which Damage, the Petitioner has not received from Government any Redress whatsoever; and that the Petitioner, in Consequence of the above Fasts, having been greatly injured in his private Fortune, and his Family now reduced to the utmost Distress, arising from many unwarrantable and unjustifiable Delays, implores the interposition of the House; and prays. That they will take the Premises into their serious Consideration,

T t and

4

Attendance

bifeharged.

Charmifter

Inclosure.

Congleton

Road.

162 28° Jamarii. A. 1769.

and grant such Relief as to the House shall seem the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power meet* to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold- Ehrtv Moor and date to the House, the Matter of Fact contained ers. Traders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the Road*, in the said Petition: Counties of Derby and , whose Names are sub-

And it is referred to Sir John Glynn, Mr. Dowdeswell, feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting &c.t And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the forth. That the Highway, leading from the Turnpike Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to Road between Sudbury and Ashborne, at or near a Place fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. called Darly , >in the County of , through and

over the River to EH aft on in the County of

Ordered, That the Order for the Attendance of Stafford, and from thence, through Ramjor, to the Turn- Thomas Wood, of Littleton, Esquire, upon Tuesday pike Road lying between Blyth Marjk and Thorpe, at or

Morning next, be discharged/ near the Three Lows, in the said County of Stafford;

and also from thence to the Turnpike Road lying be-A Petition of William Taunton, Esquire, John Devenish, tween Leek and , between Botham , and

Gentleman, George White, Gentleman, Thomas Taunton, Winkel Bridge, is in a very ruinous Condition, frequently Gentleman, and others, whose Names are thereunto sub- obftnnfted by the Floods upon the River Dove, and feribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise cannot be amended by the Laws now in being; and that,

-interested in several Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, if the said Highways were widened where necessary, and Sheep Downs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Pa- effectually repaired, and a Bridge for Carriages built over rish of Charmifter, in the County of Dorset, was presented the said River Dove, so as to make a convenient Passage to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands for Carriages and Horses, it would be of great Public and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their pre- given to bring in a Bill to repair and widen the said sent Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it Highway, and build such Bridge, in such Manner, and would be very advantageous to the several Persons in- under such Regulations, and with such Provision, as to terested therein, and in the said Meadow Grounds, Sheep the House shall seem meet.

Downs, Commons, Waste Grounds, and other Com- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the monable Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish, if the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-fame were divided and inclosed :'And therefore pray- mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appear to them, to the House:

dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Meadow And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Wrottesley, &c.:

Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Waste Grounds, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish, Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Kui« Lyon Mr. John Darner and Mr. Darner do prepare, and bring Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, who live Road*, in, the fame. near the several Highways, or Roads, leading from Kings

Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, to Geyton, Grimstone,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Hillingt, and Babingly, in the said County, whole Merchants, and Inhabitants, residing near, and usually Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the travelling, the High Roads therein after mentioned, House, and read Setting forth. That the Roads leading lying in the County of Stafford, whose Names are from the East Gate in Kings Lynn aforesaid, to the thereunto written, was presented to the House, and Corner House in Gaywood; and from thence, through read; Setting forth, That so much of the High Road the Parishes of Myntlin, Bawfey, and in the said

leading from Congleton, in the County of Chester, to County, to the Mile Stone in the Field of Geyton Bakewell, in the County of Derby, as lieth within the aforesaid; and from the said Corner House in Gaywood,

Townships of Rufhon Spencer, Heaton, and Leek Frith, to the South East End of a certain Bridge in Gaywood in the County of Stafford, beginning at the Sandon Turn- aforesaid, called Double Bridge; and from the North West pike Road, in the said Township of Rushton Spencer, End of the same Bridge, to Wool ton Gaps, in South Woot-near Rycroft Gate, and ending upon Blackjhaw Moore, ton, in the said County; and from thence, to Rising Lodge,

within the said Township of Leek Frith, at the Turnpike in Caftl in the said County; and from thence. Road leading from Leek to Longnor; and also the High through the Parish of Roydon, in the said County, to a Road upon Heaton Common, branching out of the afore- Barn in aforesaid, called The High Barn; and

said Road, from Rycroft Gate to Blackjhaw Moore, and from the said Rising Lodge, to the West End of a certain, leading through Quarnford, in the said County of Staff- Bridge in in the said County, called Congham

ford, to the Turnpike Road from Leek to Buxton, at or Bridge; and from the East End of the same Bridge, to near a Place called Flash'-, and also the High Road the Gate upon Congham next Hillington; and

leading from Quarnford aforesaid, to the present Turn- from the said Wootton Gaps, through the Parishes of pike Road from Leek to Longnor, in the said County of North Wooting and Castle Rising aforesaid, to the South Stafford, at or near the Coldfhaw Ridge Road; are be- End of a certain other Bridge, called Babingly Bridge, come very ruinous, and almost impassable, and cannot in aforesaid; and from the North End of the

be amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Pro- same Bridge, to the North End of Babingly Lane, in visions of the Law: And therefore praying, That Leave Babingly aforesaid; are oftentimes very deep and ruinous, may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amend- and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ing, widening, or altering, the several Roads before- ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being: And mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem therefore praying, That Leave be given to bring in a

meet. Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall Confederation of a Committee: And that they do ex- seem meet.

amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the shall appear to them, to the House: Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

And it is referred to Mr. Wrottesley, Mr. Gilbert, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of appear to them, to the House:

16 And

9 Geo. III. 28° Januarii.

163

And it is referred to Sir Edward AJ1 ley, Mr &c:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Montrose A Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town Council, T*o Pennies of the Burrow of Montrose, in North , was pre-

c01*’ fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was made, in the Sixth if ear of King George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended, or fold, within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for the Purpose of supplying the said Town with good fresh Water, for the Improvement and Preservation of the Harbour thereunto belonging, and for building a convenient Dock there, and for maintaining and preserving other Public Works, for the Benefit of the said Town, and for paying off and discharging the Public Debts thereof; and that an Act was made, in the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Act; and that, by the last mentioned Act, Provision was made for building and maintaining a new Pier on the East Side of the said Harbour, and for repairing, cleaning, and keeping amended, ttoi Streets of the said Town; and that the Monies anfing from the said Duty, since the Commencement of the said Two Acts, have been faithfully applied by the Trustees, with the Approbation of the Overseers in the Acts mentioned, to the Intents, Uses, and Purposes, and for carrying on the Public Works, as by the Acts are directed; but the same cannot be completed, or effectually kept in Repair, neither can the Public Debts of the Town be paid off, without a Continuation of the said Duties; And therefore praying, That the Imposition or Duty granted by the Two Acts above recited may be continued, from the Expiration of the said Act of the Seventh of his late Majesty, for and during the further Space of Twenty-five Years, to be collected, levied, and applied, in such Manner as the House shall please to Order and direct; or to grant to the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hive Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kirkbythore A Petition of the major Part of the Owners of Houses, Inclosure. Lands, and Tenements, within the Township of Temple Sowerby, in the Parish of Kirkbytkore, in the County of Weflmor eland, whose Names are thereunto set and subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, Two Tracts of Common, known by the respective Names of The Down Moor, and The IVins, lying contiguous to each other, the former of which contains 450 Acres, or thereabouts, and the latter 50 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are of very little Service; and that if the fame, or such Parts thereof as to the House shall seem meet, were divided into specific Allotments, to the several Persons interested therein, a very considerable Benefit would arise therefrom to the Petitioners, and the others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Regulations and Provisions, as to the House 111 all seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant toahe Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Robinson and the Lord Beauchamp do prepare, and jbring in, the fame.

Vol. 32.

A Petition of several Persons entitled to, and interested B lid worth in, the several Open Fields, Commons, Forest, or Waste hiclosure. Grounds, and a certain Piece of Ground called The Ridge A [fart, in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Not* tingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others, Proprietors of certain Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, in the said Parish, do enjoy a Right of Common upon the said Commons, Forest, or Waste Grounds; and that the Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and other Proprietors, in the said Open Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the said Open Fields, and Part of the said Commons,

Forest, or Waste Lands, lying East of the said Town, containing about 800 Acres, and the said Piece of Ground called The Ridge AJJart, were divided and inclosed, the same would tend to the great Benefit and Ad-' vantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. John Robinson, Mr.

and Mr. IVilloughby, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Reverend Robert Carter, Clerk, Ancbolm* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Drainage. That by an Act of 7 George III. for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, a Tax of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Acre, with some Indulgence to certain Lands for a limited Time only, was indiscriminately laid on the whole Level; and that such a Tax, without Regard to their present State as to Value, and Degree of being drained, or their future Capability of being cither adequately improved, or even drained, is unequal and oppressive; and that such a Tax is apprehended to be contrary to the Tenor,

Spirit, and Principle of the general Laws of Sewers, as established by the Twenty-third of Henry the Eighth; and that the Mode of Taxation in the Bill, as it was brought into the House, was totally changed and altered, from that agreed upon by the Proprietors in general at their last Meeting; and that the said Tax is particularly hard, unjust, and oppressive, upon the Petitioner, whose Predecessors having a large Property of near 600 Acres in the said Level, had embanked the fame, and erected a large Engine thereon, the only regular Drainage Works in the whole Level, by which Means, and at a very great Expence, they had so effected a private Drainage, as not to have lost their Lands, in the Summer, above once these Fifty Years, whilftall the other Lands around them have been generally loft; and that the said Low Lands, belonging to the Petitioner, are intrinsically, and naturally, of so poor and barren a Quality, as to be incapable of any further Improvement, or, at least, any adequate to the Tax imposed on them; and that no particular Consideration is made to the Petitioner by the said Act, either on Account of the great Expence and Efficacy of his former Drainage, or the natural Poverty of his Land; but that he is involved in the same Predicament with those whose Lands are almost totally loft, and have had nothing expended on them, a great Quantity of which Lands will immediately, upon emerging out of the Water, without any Culture, from their superior Quality, be worth Four, Five, or even Six Times the Value of the Lands of the Petitioner: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and explain the said Act, wherein the Petitioner may be relieved by a Clause, for him either to pay only Half the Assessment, or that he may be assessed according to the Rate of his Portion, Tenure, Right, and Interest, in the said Level, or according to the Proportion of the additional Benefit he shall receive from the

Drainage,

York

Theatre.

Pavenham

inclosare.

Laneham,

Sec.

drainage.

164 280 Januarii. A. 1769.

Drainage, or in any other Way, as to the House shall feern A Petition of the several Justices of the Peace, and Nottingham meet. of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others of Shire Hail.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the' the County of , the Ninth Day of January

Table. 1769, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth, That the Shire Hall of the said County, where-A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City the Assizes and the General Quarter Sessions of the of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Peace of the said County have been always held, and forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That other Public Business of the said County transa&ed, is Joseph Baker and Tate Wilkinson, of the said City, have now and has been for several Years last part, in a very petitioned for Leave for a Bill to enable His Majesty, ruinous State and Condition; and that it is absolutely His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent, to necessary that a new Shire Hall should be erected, upon license a Play House, or Theatre, in the said City; and or contiguous to the Ground where the present Hall that the City of York is a Place of great Resort, and Hands, for the Purpose aforesaid; but the same cannot much frequented by Persons of Fortune, whose Refi- possibly be done Time enough for either of the next dence there is of great Benefit and Advantage; and Assizes; and that there is no Place so convenient for that the Petitioners conceive, that a licensed Play House, holding the said Assizes and Sessions for the said County in the said City will be an Advantage to the Citizens, as the said Town of Nottingham; and that as the said and an Accommodation to the Residents: And there- Town is a County of itself, the Assizes and Sessions for fore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a the said County cannot be held there, by any Law now Law. subsisting, and there are no Laws now in force sufficient

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the to authorize the railing Money on the said County, for Table. the re-building the said Shire Hall: And therefore

praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for A Petition of the Right honourable Philip Earl of the holding the Assizes and Sessions of the Peace for the Hardwicke, and humble Petition of Richard Sutton, said County of Nottingham within the said Town of Not*

Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto sub- tinghamuntil a new Shire Hall can be built for the said feribed. Owners and Proprietors of Land, and otherwise County of Nottingham, and for the building a Shire Hall interested, in the Open and Common Fields, and other upon or contiguous to the same Ground where the old Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of one Hands, and for the railing Money in the said County Pavenham, in the County of Bedford, was presented to of Nottingham for that Purpose.

the House and read; Setting forth. That the Lands Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improve- pear to them, to the House:

ment; and it would be very advantageous to the several And it is referred to Sir George Mr. &c.:

Persons interested therein, and in the other Commonable And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided and in- Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to closed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Leeds Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, as to the House Traders, and Inhabitants, residing in and near the and

shall seem meet. ’ Market Towns of Leeds, Bradford, Bing/ey, c^uaL

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Skipton, and Settle, in the County of York, and the

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Town or Port of Liverpoole, and the several Market George Savile, Lord John Cavendifti, the Marquis of Towns of Colne, Burnley, Clithero, Blackburn, Preston,

Granby, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fuller, and Mr. Cornwall, do and Ormskirk, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was

prepare, and bring in, the fame. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That

it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a Canal, for A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and of Burthens, may be made from, a convenient Part of the other Persons, being Owners of Lands, and other Pro- Market Town of Leeds aforesaid, through or near the perties, in the several Townships of Laneham, Rampton, several Market Towns of Bradford, Bittgley, Highley,

Treftwell, South Leverton, North Leverton, Habblefthorpe, Skipton and Settle, in the County of York, and through otherwise Apeftthorpe, Littlebrough, Sturton, Fenton, and or near the several'Market Towns, of Colne,

West Burton, in the County of Nottingham, was pre- Clithero, Blackburn, Preston, and Ormskirk, in the said fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That County of Lancaster, to or near a certain Part of the there are, within the said Townships, large Parcels of Town and Port of Liverpoole aforesaid, called The North Meadow or Marsh Grounds, and other Grounds and Lady's Walk, and the new Dock which is now making Commons, containing in the whole 3000 Acres, or there, whereby a safe, easy, and expeditious Communi-thereabouts, which are subject to be overflowed with cation will be opened between the great Trading Towns Water; and that it would not only be of Public Uti- or Ports of Liverpoole and Hull, and between the said lity, but also very advantageous to the Parties interested Ports and the several Market Towns abovementioned, in the said Meadow or Marsh Grounds, and other and other the interior and populous Parts of the said Grounds and Commons, if the same were properly Counties of York and Lancaster, bordering upon, and embanked and drained: And therefore praying. That lying near to the Course of the said intended Canal;

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes in moH or all of which Towns and Places many various abovementioned, under such Regulations as the House Branches of the Woollen, Cotton, and Linen Manu-(hall think fit. factures, are now carried on, and that the Petitioners

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- apprehend, that by making of the said Navigable Canal, sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Carriage or Conveyance of the Materials to supply the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as if shall such Manufactures, and also of divers Goods, Wares, appear to them, to the House: and Merchandises, and of Stone, Lime, Coals, Slate,

Apd it is referred to Sir George. Savile, Mr. Bootle, &c.: Flagg, Corn, Timber, and other Commodities, will be

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the very much facilitated, and rendered less expensive; and Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power that the same will greatly tend to the Benefit and Ex-to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. tension of Trade and Commerce, the Improvement of

Lands,

9 Geo. III. 48" — 31° 165

Lands, artd Encouragement of Agriculture, and the Employment of the Poor, and will be the Means of reducing the Price of Provisions* and be of great Public Utility S And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Canal, from a convenient Part of the said Town of Leeds, through or near the several Market Towns before mentioned, to or near the said North Lady's Walk, and the new intended Dock, in the Town or Port of Liverpoole aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Lord John

Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Peffons, Papers, and Records.

Gfeacester Mr. barrow reported from the Committee, to whom and the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, fcwuT1 made in the 33d Year of King George the Second, for °* repairing and widening the Road from Gloucester, towards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for amending several other Roads, near or adjoining to fbme of the said Roads; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

^waito a Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of ure* Lands, on Behalf of themselves, and others, having Right of Common, and other Interest, in a Tract of Common Moor, Fell, or Waste Land, called BaJJen-thzvaite Moor, or Commonin the Parish of

in the County of Cumberland was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Common Moor, or Fell, contains, by Estimation, 3,000 Acres, and upwards, and, in its present Situation, yields little or no Advantage to the Persons interested therein; but might be greatly improved, if the same was divided and in-doled: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Manor of Orton, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to , the Clerk of the Crown; to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Kent, in the room of John Frederick Sackbil/e, Esquire, now Duke of Dorset,

called up to the House of Peers.

A Bill for inclosing arid dividing several Woods and Ryflip Wood Lands, and a certain Close, or Parcel of Land or *ndofure. Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of St. ~

End, in the Parish of Ryflip, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Macartney, Lord Beauchamp, Sec.: And they are to meet this afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord George Sutton presented to the House, according Eaton to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and *nclo^ure‘ Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmers, and others, Hltchin, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners *-°ad*. are informed. Application has been made for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Hitckin, in the County of Hertford, through Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford; and that the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the West End of Wellbtry Lane, through Pegfden and Hoxtou, to the Turnpike Road at the South End of the Town of Barton, in the County of Bedford, is in a ruinous Condition; and cannot be repaired and widened, without the Aid of Parliament:

And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said last mentioned Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Cust presented to the House, according to Order, Ingham a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, lndoiure. Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Ingham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House-adjourned till Morn-

ing, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 31® die Januarii;

Anno 9* Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1769.

Prayers. *

Or«m TV /T R. John Robinson presented to the House, ac-Indofure. JlVJL cording to Order,a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons and Waste Grounds, within the . Vol. 32.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to chaplain, the Reverend Doctor Halifax, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday, at St.

Westminster; and that he be desired to print the same:

And that Mr. Montagu a id Mr. Cust do acquaint him therewith.

The House was moved, that the Resolutions, which, standing upon Friday the 4th Day of December 1761, were re- Orders, ported from the Committee, who were appointed to Consider of the most proper Methods to enforce a more early and constant Attendance of the Members upon the Service of the House; and the Order made thereupon; might be read.

U u And

Order for Attendance, discharged.

Norwich

to

Great

Yarmouth

Road.

i 66 31* Januarii. A. 1769.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as follow- Yarmou, to the Bridge called , in the eth; viz. City of , for such Term, in such Manner, by

" Resolved, That no Private Business be entered such. Means, and with such Powers, as to the House

" upon, any Day, in the House, after Two of the shall seem meet,

" Clock. Or, That the said Petition be referred to the " Resolved, That no Motion be made for dispensing,' Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition

in any Case, with the Observance of the said Resolu- of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen,

" tion, unless Leave bp given by the House upon the and other Inhabitants, of the City of , is refer-.

preceding Day, for making such Motion. red: And that they do examine the Matter of this Pe-

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be made Standing tition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them,

" Orders of the House." to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider of the said Standing Orders; and to report their Opinion The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Manchester thereupon to the House: Order, a Bill to enable Edward Byrom, Esquire, to com- NewChurch,

And a Committee was appointed of Mr Fuller, Sir plete a Building, intended for a new Church, in the Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet this After- Town of and for making the same a per-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; petual Cure and Benefice; and for other Purposes: And and all who come are to have Voices, the same was received; and read the First Time.

RefThat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order for the Attendance of laved Stanhope, Esquire, upon this Day, be discharged. The House being informed, that a great Crowd of Mr. Wilkes*

People were in the Lobby, and in the Passages leading A Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Merchants, to the House;

Tradesmen. and others, Inhabitants of the Burgh of Ordered, That the Lobby and the Speaker’s Chamber Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was pre* be cleared of all Persons, except Mr. Wilkes, the Mar- J

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the shal of the King’s Bench Prison, and his Officers, the Road leading from the North Gates, in Great Yarmouth Counsel, Witnesses, and Agents, attending this House.' aforesaid, to the City of Norwich, being a Road ofcon-

siderable Traffick, is in a very ruinous Condition, ef- Mr. Charles ’Townshend, from the Commissioners for Estimate

pecially in the Winter Season, and, in many Places, executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great presented:

very narrow, incommodious, and dangerous, and cannot Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Navy, be properly widened, amended, and kept in good Repair, Order,

by the ordinaryMeans appointed by Law: And therefore, Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill 31st Dece 1768.

for amending and repairing the Great Road, from the And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Gates called the North Gates, in the Burgh of Great The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Navy

9 Geo. III.

31° Januarii.

167

Navy Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter 47th January 1 769. J mentioned, as it flood on the 31st 1768.

Heads of the Naval Estimate?.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c. supplied for the Service thereof ——

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores - -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1768, as also to several Bills of Exchange ——

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half-Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf. -

Seamens Wages.

Due to pay off the Men, 13 c. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1768 - -

To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Free Gifts,

tfr.....-.....-....

Victualling Debt; as per Estimate, received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for shorl Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -

For paying off all the Bills entered.on their Course -

For Provisions delivered, and*Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1768 - -

For Necessary Money, Extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchapge, and

Contingencies - - - . .....----

To the Officers, Workmen," and Labourers, employed at the feve-£ral Ports ——

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Office -

The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Six hundred Seventy-, four thousand Nine hundred and Two Pounds Nineteen Shillings -From whence deducting the Money in the "1 C

Treasurer’s Hands ----- - as on the other - -

And also the Money that remained to come Side.

in of the Supplies ---- J I. - -

The Debt will then be One million Three hundred Thirty-nine thousand One hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny ——

N. B.In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports between ift January 1768 and 31st December following - -

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers, between ift January 1768 and the 31st December following, amounts to ——

Particulars.

£. s.

587,344 4 8

41,809 6 8

58,579 - o 2 147,136 o o 53,288 5 o'

227,672 8 _7

273>°94 1 3

29,360 13 10

17,627 8 10

206,403 6 1

10,024 17 4

1 >532 x7 9

8,501 4 o

For which Sum of £.20,287. 15J. 10 no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Net Debt of the Navy will then be One million Three hundred Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Seventy Pounds Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence Halfpenny ——

89^871 5 io|

245>873 7 3«l

11,350 16 3

8,936 19 7

TOTAL.

£. r. d.

888,156 16 6

530,127 3 8;

244,089 14 o

12,529 4 10

1,674902 19 o

335>744 23 2*

1‘>339>I58 5 9$

20,287 15 10

i,3l8,87° 9 »*i

C. Cockburne,' Tho. Slade. J. Williams. E. Mason, T.

VOL. 32.

Meimran*

JMemorandumt There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, Oil the 31st December xn Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy. qq

ON THE HEADS OF

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Tianfports. StAMEMt Wages. A Victuals. 1 TOTAL*

£ s' £. s. d. I C d.

4,09° 7 I T i 1.804 4 3\ 37 *4 3 1,945 18 11 J 7*7* 5 $

6,936 to af 2,608 6 81 12 12 5 631 11 5 J 10,189 0 Si

7,631 19 io| 3,481 19 nf 191 19 10 *43 2 22,149 1 ti|

7,958 11 5 5.306 *7 3 1,005 0 2 971 a Oij 15,24* 10 lOf

74,011 13 8J- 17,405 19 645 18 4i a>349 15 9*J 44.4*3 6 *Fl — - m

50,629 3 1* 32,500 12 4 6,741 10 5 89,871 5 106 ir - -

In what Treasurer’* Hands.

IN MONEY.

Right HonMe George Grenville, Esq'.

lft Treasurership.

Right Honhle George Dodington, Esq.

Right Hon1*1*.

George Grenville^ Esq*. ad Treasurership.

Right Honb,e William Lord Viscount - Barrington.

Right Honh!* Rickard Lord Viscount Howe.

\ln Money

D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

7 In Money

Jd°

towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

7 In ?

JD*I

is

Money ——

towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

Money ——

a towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

7In Money JD*

towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

o

CD

FT

CD

CL

cr

O'

o

eg.

There remained on the 31st December 1768, to come in> from, the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1768 - - - *. 745,873 7 jf

r

Os

\o

Abingdon

Elc&ion.

New

Radnor

Election.

Winchelfet

Election.

Bndgewater

Election.

Northampton

£le&ion.

Ditto.

St. Martin Le Grand Paving, &c

Denbigh,

6c c.

Roads.

9 Geo. III. 31° Januarii.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Greenfield,

to be perused by the Members of the House. for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate, in the

Township of ,to the North Limits of the 0

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Township of Mofiyn; and from to Henllan; and

Tuesday the 24th Day of this Instant January., for hearing from Llanerch y Mer, to Pen in the

at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 2d Day of Counties of and Denbighwithout any Amend-

February next, the Matter of the several Petitions, comment: And also,

plaining of an undue Election and Return for the The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Wood’* Borough of Abingdon. in the County of Berks, might enable the Reverend John Wood, his First and other ^ame*

be read. ' Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname

And the said Order being read accordingly; of D, in Pursuance of the Will of the Reverend

Ordered, That the said Order bedischarged. John Davies, Doctor in Divinity, deceased; to which the

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Seven- And then the Messengers withdrew, night, at Twelve of the Clock. And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Ref That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at the Bar of this House the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of New Radnor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at the Bar of this House the Matter of the Petition of the Right honourable Sir Thoma Knight, Mailer

of the Rolls, and Richard Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at the Bar of this House the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing at the Bar of this House the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Northampton

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of Joseph Peach, George Batman, John Baker, Joseph Wills, and the several Penons who were Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of St. Giles and St. Sepulchre, in the Town of Northampton, for the Years 1767 and 1768;

Ordered, That the said several Persons do attend this House upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching, the Liberty 01 St. Martin le Grand, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of j and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between Norlhop and Holywell; and from Avon Wen, to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 32.

The several Orders of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of the Matter of so much of the Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, as this House has directed

to be heard; and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King’s Bench against the said Mr. Wilkes; and also the Hearing of Philip Cai'teret

Webb, Esquire, by himself or his Counsel;

Mr. Wilkes was brought in, to the Bar.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And Mr. Wilkes having submitted to the House, that the Entries in the Votes of this House, of the 23d and 24th Days of November last, of the Title of the Copy, of the Record of the Proceedings on an Information in the Court of King’s Bench against the said Mr. Wilkes, for Blasphemy, Were not founded, there being no such Record for "Blasphemy" existing;

He was directed to withdraw.

And the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of so much of the Petition of Jo Wilkes, Esquire, as this House has directed to be heard; and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King’s Bench against the said Mr. Wilkes-, and also the Hearing of Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, by himself or his Counsel; be adjourned for a Quarter of an Hour.

The House was moved, that the several Entries in the Votes of this House, upon Wednesday the 23d and Thursday the 24th Days of November last, of the Title of the Copy of the Record of the Proceedings on an information in the Court of King’s Bench, against John Wilkes, Esquire, for Blasphemy; and of the Proceedings of the House upon the said Copy; might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then several Parts of the said Copy were read.

And the Title of the said Copy, and also the Title of the Copy of the Record of the Proceedings on an Information in the Court of King’s Bench, against the said Mr. Wilkes, for a Libel, were read.

And the Entry in the Votes of the House, upon the 23d Day of this Instant January, of the Question, " That John Wilkes, Esquire, although he is convicted " of printing and publifiring a malignant, seditious, and " scandalous Libel, and of printing and publishing " Three obfeene and impious Libels, and now Hands " committed to the King’s Bench Prison, by virtue of " Two several Judgments in the Court of King’s Bench, *{ for the said Offences, is entitled, by Privilege of " Parliament, to be discharged from his Imprisonment " for the said Offences," which then passed in the Negative j was also read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Indorsement of the said Copy be altered, by erasing the Word " Blasphemy," and inlertirrg the Words, " Three obfeene and impious Libels," instead thereof;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Entries in the Votes, of the Titles of the Copies of the Records presented to this House

X x upon

Mr. Wilkes.

S'JO

3i0 Januarii. 1769.

Mr. Wilkes, upon the 43d Day of November last, be so altered, as particularly to express, that the Words, for a Libel," and " for Blasphemy," contained in the said Entries, were Part of the Titles indorsed by the Officer who presented the said Copies, and no Part of the said Re* cords; nor intended to convey any Opinion of the House concerning the m.

And the following Entries were ordered to be made in the Votes of this Day; viz.

Mercurii, 230 die Novembris, 1768.

The House being informed, that Mr. , Clerk of the King’s Bench Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, indorsed by the said Mr. Filmer, " A Copy " of the Record of the Proceedings on an Information " in the Court of King’s Bench, against John " Esquire, fora Libel:" And also,

A Paper, indorsed by the said Mr. " A Copy

" of the Record of the Proceed ings on an Information in the Court of King’s Bench, against John Wilkes,

" Esquire, for Blasphemy."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papets, so indorsed by the said Mr. Filmer, were read.

And the Paper, indorsed by the said Mr. Filmer, A " Copy1 of the Record of the Proceedings on an information in the Court of King’s Bench, against John IVilkes, Esquire for a Libel," was also read.

And Part of the said Paper, indorsed by the said Mr.

Filmer, " A Copy of the Record of the Proceedings on " an Information in the Court of King’s Bench, against " John IVilkes, Esquire, for Blasphemy," was read.

Jovis, 24* die Nov, 1768.

Ordered, That the Paper, indorsed by Mr. Filmer, Clerk of the King's Bench Treasury, " A Copy of the " Record of the Proceedings on an Information in the " Court of King’s Bench, against John IVilkes, Esquire,

" for Blasphemy," be locked up by the Clerk of this House; and that no Copies be allowed to be taken thereof; nor any Persons, except the Members of this House, allowed to peruse it.

The Order made this Day, for the further hearing of the Matter of so much of the Petition of John IVilkes, Esquire, as this House has directed to be heard; and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King’s Bench against the said Mr.; and also the

Hearing of Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire by himself or his Counsel; being read;

Mr. Wilkes was again brought in, to the Bar.

And the Counsel on both Sides were also called in.

And the Counsel for Mr. Wilkes proceeded, and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in Support of the Allegation in Mr. Wilkes's Petition, complaining of the Records having been materially altered by Lord Mansfield’s Orders.

And the said Counsel examined several Witnesses, in Support of the Allegation in the said Petition, which charges Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, with having suborned and bribed, with Public Money, one Michael Curry, to give Evidence against Mr. Wilkes according to the Directions of the said Mr. Webb.

And the said Counsel having' acquainted the House, that they were instructed that the Earl of Sandwich could give Information, which would be material for supporting the said last* mentioned Allegation;

And the House being informed, that the Earl of Sandwich attended;

His Lord ship was conducted, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, within the Bar; and gave the *7

House an Account of what had come to his- Lordship's Knowledge, relative to that Matter.

And then his Lord ship withdrew, being conduced by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Then the said Counsel having acquainted the House. that they were instructed, that the Earl of March could give Information, which would be material, for supporting the said last mentioned Allegation;

And the House being informed that the Earl of March attended;

His Lordship was conducted, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, within the Bar; and gave the House an Account of what had come to his Lordship’s Knowledge, relative to that Matter.

And then his Lordship withdrew, being conduced by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Then Mr. Wilkes was directed to withdraw.

And the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And it being past One of the Clock on Morning;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Hearing of the Matter of so much of the Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, as this House has directed to be heard; and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King’s Bench against the said Mr. Wilkes', and also the Hearing of Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, by himself or his Counsel; be adjourned till this Day, Twelve of the Clock;

It passed in the Negative.

Then Mr. Wilkes was again brought in, to the Bar.

And the Counsel on both Sides were again called in.

And the Counsel for Mr. Wilkes examined several other Witnesses, in order to support the Allegation of his laid Petition, which charges Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, with having suborned and bribed, with Public Money, one Michael Curry, to give Evidence against Mr. Wilkes according to the Directions of the said Mr. Webb.

And the Counsel for Mr. Wilkes summed up their Evidence.

And Mr. Wilkes was again directed to withdraw.

And the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of lb much of the Petition of John Esquire, as this

House has directed to be heard; and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King’s Bench against the said Mr. Wilkes', and also the Hearing of Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, by himself or his Counsel; be adjourned till this Day, Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Wilker be remanded into the Custody in which, and to the Prison from which, be was brought; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison, and to the Serjeant at Anm attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison do bring the said John Wilkes, Esquire, in Custody, to this House, this Day, at Twelve of the Clock, if the said Mr. Wilkes shall defife to be so brought up; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the said Martha!. and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend this House Yesterday, except those who have been examined this Day, and also except.....Clitheroe,

Esquire, do attend this House this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day being read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report of the Conference with the Lords, upon Friday, the 16th Day of December last, be further adjourned till this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Hearing of the Matter of the Charge against John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, of his being the Author and PubliQier of the

Intro-

Mr. Wilke*.

9 Geo. III. 31 0 Januaru — ia Februarii.

Introduction of the Copy of a Letter, addressed to Daniel Ponton, Esquire, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions at Lambeth, and dated Saint James’s, the 17th April 1768, contained in a certain Newspaper, intituled, " The " Saint James's Chronicle, or British Evening Poll, " from Thursday, December the 8th, to , De-

cember the 10th, 1768, printed by Henry , at

" the Britannia Printing Office, N° 108, Fleet >" be adjourned till this Day, Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison do bring the said John IVilkes, Esquire, in Custody, to this House, this Day, at Twelve of the Clock, to answer the Matter of the said Charge, if the said Mr. IVilkes shall desire to be so brought up; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the said Marshal, and to the Serjeant at Arqas attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That Copies of the said Orders be sent to the said Mr. IVilkes.

Ordered, That Henry Baldwin do attend this House this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That John Swan do attend this House at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Distance from the said intended Roads; and that the Petitioneis apprehend, that the making and repairing the said Roads will diminish the Tolls, and divert the Money collected thereby to Purposes different from those to which they arc appropriated by the said Acts, and will much weaken the Security of the Petitioners, the Creditors of the said Tolls, and will otherwise tend to the great Damage and Injury of all the said Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against any Application that may be made to the House for the Purposes before mentioned, and may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem most just, fitting, and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Acting Trustees, appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, and also of the several Gentlemen,.Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land, residing, near and travelling on the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Devon, and County and City of Exeter, is referred; and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, upon the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Mercurii, i° d

Anno 9*. Georgii III'" Regis, 1769.

Pr aybrs,

Exeter, &c. A. Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Coun-Roads. XlL cil, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Exeter, and of the Gentlemen resident in the County of Devon, and in the said City, acting Trustees and Creditors of the Turnpike Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an, Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and also taking Notice, That, by another- Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, it was provided, that all Acts for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads should be continued, and be in Force for Five Years, to be computed from the several Ends and Expirations of all such Acts respectively; and sett ting forth. That the Business relating to the Roads by the first-mentioned Act to be amended, has been carried on in the Manner by the said Act directed; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that a small Number of Trustees acting under the said Acts intend to apply for a Bill to make a new Road, from St. David’s Hill, through Howell's Lane, and Part of Pound Lane, and Loughbrooke Street, in the Parish of St. David’s, to the Oxford Inn, near the East Gate of the City of Exeter; and Certain Roads between and Cowley Barton Cross, in the Parishes of Alphington St. Thomas, and Brampford Speke, in the said County of Devon, by and out of the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Acts, or One of them, contrary to the Sense and Opinion of the Petitioners, being a very considerable. Majority, of a very numerous Meeting, held expressly for the Purpose of considering the Expediency of making the said Roads j and that the said Petition has been signed by a Number of Persons no wife interested juir concerned therein, but living at a Von. 32.

Ordered, That Hugh Owen, Esquire, who hath petU Pembroke tioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return- for the County of Pembroke, do, by him, self, or his Agent or Agents, on or before the 14th Day of this Instant February, deliver to the Sitting Member, or his Agent or Agents, a List or Lists of the Persons intended by him to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Member j giving, in the said List or Lists, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same Againft1 the Names of the Voters excepted to, together with their Places of Abode;, and that the Sitting Member for the said County do, by himself, or by his Agent or Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts on his Part to the Petitioner, or his Agent or Agents.

The- several Orders of the Day being read, for the Mr. Wilkes, further ^Hearing the Matter of so much of the Petition of John IVilkes, Esquire, as this House has directed to be heard; and of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King’s Bench against the said Mr. IVilkes-, and alib the Hearing of Carteret

Webb, Esquire, by himself or his Counsel;

Mr. Wilkes was brought in, to the Bar.

And the Counsel on both Sides were.called, in.

And the Counsel for the said Mr. wap heard.

And One of the Counsel for Mf. Wilkes having been heard, by Way of Reply;

Mir. Wilkes was directed to withdraw-.

And the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw1.

And a Motion was made,.and the Question being proposed. That it having been determined, by the Court of Ring’s Bench, that the Two Orders made by Lord Mxtnsfield, Chief Justice' of the said' Court, for the Amendment of the Informations exhibited, in- the same against-Mr, Wilkes, were according to Law and Justice; and the Practyce of the said Court, the CompWnt of MiJ;1 Wilkes, in respect thereof, is. an audacious Afpcr-fion upon the said Chief Justice, calculated to convey a grbfs Mifrepfefentation of the Fact, and to prejudice the Minds of the People against the Administration of Public Justice;

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 5th Day of May 1730, of the

Report.

172 l° — 2* Februarii. A, 1769*

Mr. Wilkes. Report from the Committee appointed to inquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, relative to the Accusation against Lord Chief Justice Eyre, together with the Resolutions of the Committee, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that so much of the Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, which complains of the

Records having been materially altered by Lord feld's Orders, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question j viz.

To leave out " it having been determined by the " Court of King’s Bench that," and leave out "said"; and after " Court," to insert " of King’s Bench."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out " fame," and inserting " said " Court" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word, " fame" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " said " Court" be inserted instead thereof.

It was resolved in the Affirmative Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the next " Court," these Words, " and confirmed by the subsequent Determination of the said Court, and that."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then several other Amendments were proposed to be made to the Question; To leave out " an audacious Aspersion," and insert frivolous, and that the Af-perfions," and to leave out " calculated to convey a gross Misrepresentation of the Fact;" and insert " for making the said Two Orders, thereby conveyed, are " utterly groundless."

And the Question being put, That the Words, " an audacious Aspersion," stand Part of the Question;

' It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " frivolous, and that the Afpcrfions," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " calculated to convey a gross Misrepresentation of the " Fad," ‘stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words for M making the raid Two Orders thereby to be conveyed, are utterly groundless," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the next, " and, " the Word tend."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question so amended, being put;

Resolved, That the Two Orders made by Lord Mansfield, Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, for the Amendment of the Informations exhibited in the said Court against Mr. , were according to Law and Justice, and the Practice of the said Court, and confirmed by the subsequent Determination of the said Court; and that the Complaint of Mr. , in respect thereof, is frivolous; and that the Alperfions upon the said Chief Justice, for making the said Two Orders, thereby conveyed, are utterly groundless, and tend to prejudice the Minds of the People against the Administration of Public Justice.

Resolved, That Mr. IVilkes has not made good his Charge against Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire.

And the House having continued to fit till after One of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Ordered, That Mr. IVilkes be remanded into the Custody in which, and to the Prison from which, he was brought; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King’s Bench, against the said Mr. IVilkes, be adjourned till Half an Hour after Eleven of the Clock this Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Mr. Wilfa. further Consideration the Report of the Conference with the Lords, upon Friday the t 6th Day of December last;

Ordered That the said Report be taken into further Consideration this Morning at Eleven of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read for the Hearing Ditto, of the Matter of the Charge against John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, of his being the Author and Publisher of the Introduction of the Copy of a Letter, addressed to Daniel Ponton, Esquire, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions at Lambeth, and dated Saint James's

the 17th April 1768, contained in a certain Newspaper, intituled, " The Saint James's Chronicle, or British " Evening Poll, from Thursday, December the 8th, to " Saturday, December pot 10th 1768, printed by Henry " Baldwin, at the Britannia Printing Office, N* 108,

" Fleet Street

Ordered, That the Hearing of the Matter of the said Charge be adjourned till this Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison do bring the said John Wilkes, Esquire, in Custody, to this House, this Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, to answer the Matter of the said Charge, if the said Mr.

Wilkes shall desire to be so brought up; and that Mr.

Speaker do issue his Warrants to the said Marshal, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House accordingly.

Ordered, That Henry Baldwin do attend this House this Day, at Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That John Swan do attend this House at the same Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Poole vileges and Elections, upon the Petition of Joseph Gul- Ele&kw. ston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, be received upon sVednefdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Bramber vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election. Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, be received upon WednesdayMorning next.

And then the House adjourned till Ten of the Clock this Morning.

Jovts, 2° dieFebruarii j

Anno 90 Georgii IlI,u Regis, 1769.

Praters.

AMeflage by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Ro?ai Afe* Commission lor declaring His Royal Afient to One *®

Public BJb‘

9 Geo. III.

2* Februarii.

>73

Public Act agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr- Speaker, with the House, went up to the Houte of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House, atthe Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commissionunder the Great, Seal was read, giving, ‘declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to One Public Bill, therein mentioned; and also empowering the Lord Archbishop of , the Lord High

Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of , and

several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Af-sent to the said Bill; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Privy Seal; and the Earl of Rochfort, named also in the said Commission: did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; which Bill is as followeth; viz.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland ’, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the BritiJJt Dominions in , for a limited

Time.

Walberton A Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, Inclosure. in the Pari lb of Walberton) in the County of Sussex, wa9 read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Brudenell, Mr. Barrow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Lifter have leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

ordered; Account of the Monies that have arisen by virtue of an Hemp, itc. made in the Seventh Year of George the Third, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for ^establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax.

Deddington, Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee,

&e. to whom the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Drainage. tj,e several pen Pands, and Low Grounds, lying in certain Places, called Stone a Fenn and Block on

the East Side of a certain Drain, called The Sixteen Feet Drain, otherwise Thurloe's , in the Hamlet of Wimbliugton, in the Parish of Deddington, within thelfle of Ely, in the County of , and in a Place called

Honey, in the Parish of Chatterifs, in the said Isle and County, and abuttaled and bounded as follows; viz. on the East, by a certain Old Drain, or Sewer, called dale Load, dividing the Parish of Deddington a'foresaid, from the Parish of Ma; on the West, by the said Old Sewer, or Drain, called The Sixteen Feet otherwise'TW/otf’r Drain; on the North, by Lands of Mrs. Winifred Watkins;and on the South, by and adjoining to the Hard Lands, or High Lands, of Manca, by All Fed Common, and the Hard Lands, or High Lands, of Chatterifs aforesaid, called Honey Hard Lands, or High Lands; on the Behalf of themselves, and all other the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

Vox.. 32.

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Moore, being examined, said, That the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds are capable of producing great Quantties of Com and Grain, and also Grass, Hay, and Fodder, whereby great Advantage would arise to the.

Owners and to the Public; but that the said Lands and Grounds are subject to be overflown with Water, and cannot be drained and kept dry without the Aid of Par^ fiament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a- Bill for -*. the more effectual draining, embanking, and1 preserving, ‘ certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of Wimblington, in the Parish of Deddington, and in the Parish of Chatterifs, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr.

Kynaston, the Marquis of, Granby, and Mr. Jenyns, do -prepare, and bring in, the fame.

# , t ! *

Mr. Edward Lascelles presented to the House, accord* Wheldrake ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure. Open Fields, Meadow GrOuhds, and Ings, and the Moor or Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Wheldrake, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term-and Powers of'Gluucester an Act, made in the 33d Year of King George the Second,

for repairing and widening the Road from , to- '

wards Herejord, and other Roads therein mentioned; and ‘

for amending several other Roads, near or adjoining to some of the said Roads; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 7. After " Gloucester," to insert " the 2d

" Day of May next."

1. 17. After " convenient," to insert "in the " City of Gloucester, or within Eight " Miles thereof, in the County of " Gloucester." .

And the said Amendments were, upon the QuestioA severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, , made in the 33d Year of King George the Second, for.

repairing and widening the Road from towards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned;

and for amending several other Roads, near or adjoining to some of the said Roads. .

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. . *

' t

Mr.. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom Ratten’*

the Bill for naturalizing Peter Rau, was committed, ** That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Marlborough an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of King George n*acts the Second, for repairing the Roads from Marlborough, to Shepherds Shord; and from Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherill Hill; and from Avebury, to Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury, to Wroughton-, and from the North Side of Swinton, to the Carpenters Arms in Blunfden, in the said County; W^s read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do piifs: And that the Title ,be. An Act to enlarge the Term and 'Powers of an Act,

Y y * passed

174 2° Februarii. A. 1769.

passed in the Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Marlborough, to Shepherd's Shord; and from Beekhampto the Top of Cherill HiU; and from Avebury, to Beekhampton, in the County of Wilts; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury, to and from the North Side of Swindon, to the Carpenters Arms in Blun/den, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account The Hcmfe being informed, that Mr. Lowndes, One *$'"}* of the Auditors of the Court of Exchequer, attended at 1 lUa* the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Expence of the Militia, in the several Counties in within the Division

of William Lowndes, Esquire, One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, from the Year 1762, to the Year 1767, both induiive, as far as the same can kp made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

BrtnAng Mr. Fuller, reported From the Committee, who were Often. appointed to consider of the Standing Orders, made the 4th Day of December 1761, the Resolutions which the Committee had directea him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and ire as followeth; viz.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order, made on the 4th Day of

' ember 1761, " That no Private Business be entered u upon any Day in the House after Two of the Clock," has been Found inconvenient, and ineffectual to answer the Purposes for which it was intended.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Standing Order be repealed.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true } and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table i Where the Report was read.

Rejohed, That the said Bill be recommitted.

Re/ohed, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Plumer reported^ from the Committee, to whom Harlow Bust the Petition of several of the Trustees for repairing the Common, Roads leading from a Place called Harlow Common, &c-in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of EJex, to Stump *

Cro/s, in the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the same County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, I/aac Whittington, Esquire, informed your Committee, That he has been Treasurer for One Part of the Road ever since the Commencement of the Act ;that fie has no Money in Hand, and that the Trull is indebted to him between Thirty and Forty Pounds; and that the Interest on the Debt is never paid till Half a Year, or more, after it is due.

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present, who is Treasurer for another Part of the Road.

And both the Witnesses said. That an additional Toll is necessary for paying off the Debt, and keeping the Road in Repair.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bu/h Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of to Stump Cro/s, in the Parish of Great in the said

County, is re-committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for increasing the Tolls granted by the said former Act.

Mr. Wilkes. Ordered, That Thomas Esquire, do attend

this House upon Friday the 17th Day of this instant February,

Account The House being informed, that Mr. Parsons, from ^uftoral’ *be Custom House, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the American Duties, by the Fourth and Sixth of His Majesty, and the Payments made thereout, from the Commencement of each Duty, to 7th September 1767, so far as the Accounts are received, also the Payments into the Exchequer to 5th January 1769.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account was also read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Harlow Bush Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom Common the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Woodford passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of

Road! his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bu/h in the

Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cro/s, in the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County, 18

Ordered, That Mr. Barnes have Leave to day in the leave of Country, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Parsons, who this Day presented America* to the House an Account of the Produce of the American Colonic*. Duties by the Fourth and Sixth of His Majesty, and the Payments made thereout, from the Commencement of each Duty, to 7th September 1767, so far as the Accounts are received; also the Payments into the Exchequer to 5th January 1769; be called in, and examined in relation to the said Account.

He was accordingly called in; and, at the Bar, examined in relation thereunto.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a Copy of the Commission of the Customs in America.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 18th Day of Sudbury November last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon ®lcaioBU Thursday the 16th Day of this Instant February, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 2 ill Day of this Instant February.

Ordered,

Geo. III. 2" Februarii. 175

Abingdon Ordered, That the Order, ttaade upon Tuesday last, for lile&ion. bearing at the Bar of this House, upon next, at

Twelve of the Clock, the Matter of the feverAl Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 16th Day of this Instant February.

Pembroke Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 24th Day of £k&km. January last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next, the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Ozven, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke, be now read.

And the said Order-being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 16th Day of this Instant February.

Fowey Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 24th Day Election. of January last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday next, the Matter of the Petition of John Williams, and Thomas Arthington, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 16th Day of this Instant February.

Kinroft Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 14th Day Ekttion. of November fob., for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday next, the Matter of the Petition of John Irwine, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of in North Britain, be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 16th Day of this Instant February.

Cirmcester Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 14th Day of Ek&iou. November last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 14th Day of this Instant , the Mat-

ter of the Petition of Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the - Borough of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be beard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the - x6th Day of this Instant February.

jflwthan»i>K>n The Order of the Day being read, for bearing at the Election. gar Q£ t^js House, the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Northampton;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be beard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ditto. The Order of the Day being read for the Attendance of Joseph Peach, George Batman, John Baker, Jtfeph VFills, and the several Persons who were Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Sepulchre, in the Town of Northampton, for the Years 1767 and 1768;

Ordered, That the said several Persons do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Vol. 31.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at New Radnor the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Several Petr- tlccuoa. tions, complaining of an undue Election and Return, for the Borough of New Radnor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard s at the Bar of this House, upon T\uefday Sevenuight, the 14th Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, For hearing at Wlnchelsea the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of the Election. Right honourable Sir Thomas Sewell, Knight, Master of the Rolls, and Rickard Phillipson , Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of Wm-chefta, in the County of Suffea, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition "be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 14th Day of February next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for bearing at' Bridgewww the Bar of this House, the Matter of the several Peti- Ele&xon-tions, complaining; of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tttefday the 14th Day of Febi nary next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking info Mr. wake*, further Consideration (he Report of the Conference held with the Lords, on Friday the 16th Day of December last;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The House, according to Ordef, proceeded to the Dittw Hearing of the Matter of the Charge against John,

Esquire, a Member of this House, of his being the '

Author and Publilber of the Introduction of the Copy of a Letter, addressed to Daniel Ponton, Esquire, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions at Lambeth, and dated, Saint James's, the 17th April 1768, contained in a certain News Paper, intituled, " The Saint James's Chronicle,

" or Brittjli Evening Port, from Thursday, December the 8th, to Saturday, December the 10th, 1768, printed by Henry Baldwin, at the Britannia Printing Office, N*

" 108, Fleet Street."

And Mr. Wilkes was brought in, to the Bar.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted him, that the said Charge was founded upon the Evidence of Henry Baldwin and John Swan, who were examined at the Bar of this House upon the 19th Day of December last, and were now attending at the Door, and were ready to be again examined in the Presence of him the said Mr. Wilkes.

Whereupon Mr. Wilkes acknowledged to the House, that he transmitted to the Press the Letter mentioned-in the said Charge; and that he wrote the Introduction of the Copy of the said Letter.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

He was again brought to the Bar.

And Evidence being given to the Hoqfe, by Two of their Members in their Places, that the Letter printed in the said News Paper is an exact Copy of the original Letter, addressed to, and received by Daniel Ponton, Esquire, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions at

Lambeth;

Mr. Wilkes acquainted the House, that be was 'perfectly satisfied by that Evidence.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

And the said Introduction and the said Letter, contained in the said printed Newspaper, were read.

A Motion was made, and (he Question being proposed, that the Introduction to the Copy of a Letter, addressed to Daniel Ponton, Esquire, Chairman of the Quarter*

Sessions at Lambeth, and dated. Saint ,the 17th

April

176 2° — 3° FeVriiarii. 1769.

Mr. Wilke*. April 1768, Contained in a certainNewspaper, intituled,

" The Saint James's Ghronicle, ,or the Evening

*c Poll, from Thursday December the 8th, to December the 10th, 1768,. printed by Henry " at the Britannia Printing Office, N# 108, Fleet Street." bf which Introduction John , Esquire, a Member

of this House, ha$ now at the Bar of this House confefied himself to be the Author and Publisher, is an insolent; scandalous, and seditious Libel, tending to inflame and stir up the Minds of His Majesty’sf Subjects to Sedition, and to a total Subverfiop of all good Order, and legal Government;

„ The House was moved, That the Resolution, which, upon the 16th Day of December last, was communicated to this House by the Lords, at a Conference, might be read.

And the fame. Was read accordingly.

Then the previous Question being put, That the Question proposed be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Mender Gilme

Tellefsfor theNoes, f «3«-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Introduction to the Copy of a Letter, addressed to Daniel , Esquire, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions at , and dated Saint

James's the 17th April 1768, contained in a certain News Paper, intituled, " The Saint James's Chronicle,

" or the British Evening Post, from , December

" the 8th, to Saturday, December the 10th 1768, printed " by Henry Baldwin, at the Printing Office,

" N° 108, Fleet Street" of which Introduction John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, has now at the Bar of this House confessed himself to be the Author and Publisher, is an insolent, scandalous, and seditious Libel, tending to inflame and stir up the Minds of His Majesty’s Subjects to Sedition, and to a total Subverlion of all good Order and legal Government.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Wilkes be remanded into the Custody in which, and to the Prison from which, he was brought; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

Privilege. Complaint being made to the House, that

Allen, Esquire, had challenged Sir William Meredith, Baronet, a Member of this House, for Words spoke by the said Member in his Place in this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

And it being Half an Hour after Three of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Allen be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to his being brought to the Bar this Day at Twelve of the Clock, to answer the Matter of the said Charge.

Ordered, That Mr. Humphry Cotes, do attend this House this Day, at the same Time.

The other Order of the Day being read j Mr Wilkes. Ordered, That , the further.Hearing of the Matter of the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of-King’s Bench, against Mr. Wilkes, be adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Ditto. Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report

of the Conference with the Lords, upon Friday the 16th Day of December last, be further adjourned till-this Morning, at Half an Hour past Eleven of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Ten of the Clock this Morning.

I: . '

Veneris, 30 die Februarii;

Anno 90 Georgii IIItW Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing Peter Rauert, was Raont’s read the Third Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for Naturalizing Petet Rauert.

Ordered, That Mr. Bartow do carry the Bill to" the

Lords and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, SanAon Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Sanflon, Inclosure. in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Conway, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to th? Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Kynajlov reported from the Committee, to whom Lloyd’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Euate. veiling Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend William Lloyd, Clerk, in Trustees, for railing Money todischarge the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordaed, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the'

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Ksnaston reported from the Committee, to whom Birmingnam the Petition of the Clergy and Principal Inhabitants of Streets, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and other the Inhabitants of the said Town, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and ,is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Samuel Stewart, and Mr. Thomas F said, That Birmingham is a large, populous, and trading Town, and that some of the Ways and Passages therein are too narrow, especially the Passage from New Street, into the High Street, and the Passage into St. Martin's Church Yard, and that it would be of Advantage if an ancient Building called The Upper round about House, in the Market Place was taken down, and the Ground laid open — And the Witnesses further said. That it w'ould add greatly to the Safety and Advantage of the said Town, if the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages thereof, were kept clean s^nd properly lighted, and free from Nuisances and Obstructions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying open and widening certain Ways and Pafljges, within the Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances arid Obstructions therein: And that Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Forrester, Sir.

Roger Newdigatei Sir Charles M or daunt, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

9 Geo. III.

36 Februarii\

Mr. Farrow reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bleddington, in the County of , was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questio'n severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Trecothick reported from the Com-

fcnittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by, or under, the Authority of the Act of Parliament thereinafter mentioned, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition: and had directed him to' report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as

followeth; viz.

' To prove , the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Harbour of and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich, was read; whereby it appeared that all so-

reign Ships are made liable to the same Rates as Ships cleared out, or entered in any of the British Ports.

Then a Plan of the said Harbour was produced by John Barker, Esquire, One of the Trustees, which was

explained to your Committee by,

Mr. Thomas Prefion, Mason, who informed your Committee that the Works have been begun, and carried on, for making a large and commodious Harbour at Ramsgate, and great Progress has been made towards finishing and completing the fame, which when finished will be a very useful and commodious Harbour: And,

Mr. Scott, Secretary to the said Trustees, pro-

duced to your Committee an Account of the total Sum of Money now out upon Annuities, amounting to ^.67,056. 55, 4 d.and that the annual Amount, paid to the Annuitants, now existing, is £.4,916: And,

John Barker, Esquire, being examined, said, that it had always been understood till lately, that, all Ships, as well Foreign as British, passing the North and South Forelands and the Narrow Sea near Dover, were subject to the Rates imposed by the said Act; as Ships going of the Outside of the Goodwin Sands receive the tame Benefit of the Harbour as thofe_of the Inside; and that no Objection was ever made to the Payment thereof till last May, by the Matter of a Danish Ship, who refused Payment, but being distrained upon he brought an Action, which was tried at the Atfizes at Bodmin, and decided in Favour of the Dane :A Minute of the Opinion of the Court taken by Mr. John , being produced to

your Committee, was read, and is as followeth; viz. That Shipping failing between the Goodwin Sands and the Coatt of France, are not within the . Preamble or Letter of the Act, or within the actual Benefit of it: And,

Mr. Barker further said, that by such Diminution and Evasion of the Duties, there will not be a Sufficiency to pay the Annuitants, the Intention of Parliament with respect to the said Harbour will be frustrated, and the Expence of the Works incurred will be in Effect loft.

Ordered, That Leave be given- to bring in a Bill to Vql. 32.

*77

explain an amend an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of , and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich: And that Mr. Alderman Trecothick and Mr. Serjeant Glyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending* widening; altering, clearing; and keeping in Repair* several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorjeland for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool, to the said Borough: without any Amendment $ and also*

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Stephen Payne, Esquire; and his Issue, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms.of pursuant to the Will of Tobias Wall . Esquire, de-

ceased; to which the Lords define the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Sir Herbert Lloyd, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the several Boroughs of Cardigan, Aberystwyth, Lampeter, and Atpar in the County of Cardigan, Congreve,

Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Christian Name of the said Congreve, was not

so much as mentioned during the whole Poll, which be* gun on Thursday Morning the Fifth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, and continued till Friday Evening the Thirteenth of the same Month, though often demanded by the Petitioner, nor was the same known to any One of the Electors; and.that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, but that Thomas Lloyd', Esquire, the Mayor, although applied to immediately before, and several Times after the Poll was begun, to examine into the Legality of the Voice of each Burgess as he came to be polled, and particularly to examine whether the Admission of each Burgess was duly and legally stamped, pursuant and according to the Directions of the several ’ Acts of Parliament in that same made and provided, and that the Books and Papers wherein the Admission of Burgestes of the several Boroughs aforesaid were entered, should be produced in Court, in order to have Recourfip to the same as often as occasion required, absolutely refused to come into any of the said Measures proposed by the Petitioner and his Managers, but, instead thereof, promised to grant the Petitioner a fair Scrutiny at the Close of the Poll, and which Promise was made by the Mayor in open Court, and consented to on the Part of the said Congreve-, and that the Petitioner, upon

such Promises made by the said Mayor,' and consented to by the Friends and Agents of the said Congreve,

and relying on the Faith thereof, declined from that Time, either by himself, or his Managers, to dispute the Legality of the Voice of any Person claiming a flight of polling as a Burgess of either of the said Boroughs and that during the Poll, very many Persons were, by the Agents of the said Congreve, brought up to

poll, who had no Right or Colour of Voting, and others were brought to the Place of polling surrounded by the Friends and Agents of the said Congreve, who

being asked by the Managers of the said Congreve,

who they were to poll for, could give no Answer; upon which they told them publicly in the Face of the Court theymuft poll for Congreve-, and that towards

the Close of the Poll, the Mayor caused some-very few Persons to be queried on his Book by the Clerk of the Poll, to the Number of Seven or Eight of a Side, without the Desire of the Petitioner or his Managers;

Z z and

Dorchester

&c.

Roads.

Payne’*

Name.

Cardigan

Election.

{j

178

3° Februarii.

A. 1769.

Cardigan

West ion*

Account presented; Militia*

Privilege;

and that after she Close of the Poll, the Court was ad* journed to the following Day, and, as the Petitioner then conceived, for the sole Purpose of ferutinizing the Rights of the several Persons who had polled during the Election; yet notwithstanding the several Promises made by the said Mayor as aforesaid, he absolutely refused a Scrutiny, nor did he even as much as bring his Poll Book into Court, under a Pretence that he was not a competent Judge of whose Voices were legal or whose were not so; and the said Mayor then also refused to grant the Petitioner an Inspection of the Books and Papers wherein the Admission of the several Burgesses were entered, and which the Petitioner humbly conceives he was entitled unto; and that by those and many other unwarrantable Practices of the said Mayor, and the Agents of the said Co,many Persons were admitted to vote for the said Congreve, who were

not duly qualified so to do, whereby a pretended Majority was procured for the said Congreve, and he

has been accordingly returned to serve in Parliament for the said Boroughs, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Defiance of the Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein, as shall upon Examination appear just.

A Petition of the Burgesses of the several Corporations of Cardigan, Aberystwith, Lampeter, and Atpar, whose Names are thereunto subsenbed, on Behalf of . themselves and several other Burgesses of the said Corporations, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the said Election Thomas Lloyd, Esquire, the Mayor of the said Borough, was guilty of several gross Acts and Partialities in the Exercise of his Office, in Favour of a Person who was not so much as. known, nor was his Christian Name in the Books during the whole Election, yet the said Mayor kept open the Poll for Nine Days, and admitted several Hundreds of People out of Seven or Eight different Counties to poll for Congreve, who had no Right or Pretence whatsoever, in Prejudice to the Petitioners who are real Burgesses; and that upon Complaint thereof made to the said Thomas Lloyd, he promised to grant a Scrutiny to inquire who were Burgesses; and that having procured a pretended Majority for Congreve, whom he was

pre-determined to return at all Events, the said Thomas Lloyd refused the Scrutiny notwithstanding the Faith which he had pledged in open Court; and that by those and many other unwarrantable Acts and Practices of the said Thomas Lloyd, the Petitioners have been deprived of their legal Rights and Franchises: And therefore praying, That the Houfo. will take the Premises into their Consideration, and do therein as shall seem just.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And they are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Gray, One of the Deputy Auditors of the Court of Exchequer, attended at the.Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Expence of the Militia in the Counties of Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, being within the Division of Mr. Auditor Shelley, from the Year 1762, to the Year 1767, both inclusive; and also what Money has been paid in Advance for the Year 1768.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order x?f the Day, for bringing . 18

Allen, Esquire, in Cmstody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to the Bar of this House, to answer the Matter of a Charge of challenging Sir -Ham Meredith, Baronet, a Member of this House, so* Words spoken by the said Member in his Place in this House, be now read.

And the said Order being read;

The said Mr. Allen was brought to the Bar accordingly in Custody; and being informed of the said Charge against him, and Evidence being given by the said Member in his Place, in his Presence, of what passed between the said Member and the said Mr. relative to the said Challenge; he was heard as to the Matter of the said Charge.

And then he was directed to be taken from the Bar.

He was again brought in to the Bar, and further heard.

And then he was again directed to be taken from the Bar.

Resolved, Nemine eontradicente. That Miles Burton Allen, Esquire, having presumed to challenge Sir William Meredith, Baronet, a Member of this House, for Words by him spoken in a Debate in this House, and thereby attempted to violate the Freedom of Debate in this House, is guilty of a high Breach of the Privileges of this House.

Resolved, Nemine eontradicente. That the said Miles Burton Allen, Esquire, be, for his said Offence, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr; Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Proceedings on several Informations in the Court of King’s Bench, against John Wilkes, Esquire;

And several Parts erf" a Paper, indorsed by Mr. Filmer, Clerk of the King’s Bench Treasury, " A Copy of the " Record of the Proceedings on an Information in the " Court of King’s Bench, against John Wilkes, Esquire, for a Libel," were read.

And several Parts of the Paper, indorsed by the said Mr. Filmer, "Copy of a Record of the Proceedings on an " Information in the Court of King’s Bench; against " John Wilkes, Esquire, for Blasphemy," were also read.

And the Resolution of this House of Yesterday, " That the Introduction of the Copy of the Letter ad-

dressed to Daniel Ponton, Esquire, Chairman of the " Quarter Sessions at Lambeth, and dated St. James's, the " 17th April 1768, contained in a certain Newspaper, " intituled, The St. James's Chronicle, or. the British <c Evening Post, from Thursday, December the 8th, to " Saturday, December the 10th, 1768, printed by " Baldwin, at the Britannia Printing Office, N# 108, " Fleet Street, of which Introduction John Wilkes, " Esquire, a Member of this House, has now at the Bar " of this House confessed himself to be the Author and " Publisher, is an insolent, scandalous, and seditious " Libel, tending to inflame and stir up the Minds of " His Majesty’s Subjects to Sedition, and to a total Subversion of all good Order and legal Government," was also read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this Ploufe, who hath at the Bar of this House confessed himself to be the Author and Publisher of what this House has resolved to be an insolent, scandalous, and seditious Libel; and who has been convicted in the Court of King’s Bench of having printed and published a seditious Libel, and Three obfeene and impious Libels; and, by the Judgment of the said Court, has been sentenced to undergo Twenty two Months Imprisonment, and is now in Execution under the said Judgment; be expelled this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller* for he Yeas.{^"'* «"*{ or,.'

Tellers for the }

So it was fefolved in the Affirmative.

»37-

Ordered

Mr. Wilkes.

9 Geo. III. 5* — 4 ' 179

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffu£ his Warrant fa likewiseof the Tru flees ami Mortgagees of the Second the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a neW Writ for district. of Road, appointed to put. iw Execution.an Act: the electing of a Knight of the Shire to feirve in this of Parliament, passed in the Thrrty-RrtH Year of the present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inti* room of John Wilkes, Esquire, expelled this House. tuled, An Act for amending the ;Road.bending from Pen*

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do destroy the gate, in the Parish of in the County of Wilts*

Paper, intlorfed by Mr. Filmer* " Copy of the Record to near the East End: of Market

" of the Proceedings on an Information in the Court of twwgM^and also the Road leading from Market King’s Bench against John Wilkes, Esquire, for Blaf- Down* to the Turnpike Road near Dewey’s Water; and phemy," in which Paper the Tenor of the Three ob- also the Road leading from Bolefborough* to Stuckey seene and impious Libels is set forth, and which, was End* and also the Road leading from Yatnbrvak* to the presented to the House the 23d Day of Novetnbef last. Turnpike Road at in the said County erf' ?

was referred; That the Commute* had examined the Mr. Wilkes. The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to

info further Consideration the Report of the Conference! report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

>with the Lords, upon Friday the 16th Day of December and he read the Report in his Places and afterwards de-

last. livered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was

And the Resolution communicated to this House at read; and is as followeth-vial.

the said Conference, being read a Second Time, was, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the said Act was read: And Mr. Pari Newman being

House; and the Blank therein was filled up with the examined, said, That , the Trustees have proceeded

Words " and Commons." . to put. the said Act in Execution, within1 rtt« said

Resolved, That the Lords be acquainted, at a Con- District; and have made considerabte Progress in the

ference, that this House hath agreed to the said Refo- Repair of the said Roads; and have borrowed on the

lotion. Credit of the Tolls £.700 and upwards, which, with the

Refolded*That a Conference be desired with the Tolls collected,. have been duly applied, but the said Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, District of Road cannot be effectually repaired, widened, of the 16th Day of December last. and kept in Repair, and tire Money du$ be repaid.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do go to the Lords, uiriefs the Term of the said Act be continued, and the and desire the said Conference. Powers enlarged, the said Act having been found in

some Respects defective.

The other Orders of the Day bang read; That the Road from Latchettrs Bridge to join the

QS’rt Resolved., That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Turnpike Road near the East End of Market Subie^ night, the Thirteenth Day of this Instant February* re- at , and from the ending of Market Lavington solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Road near Dewey's W to join the Turnpike Road the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act at the Ninety-three Mile Stone leading to Meikfham; made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the and from the Turnpike Road at the End of Market First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Lavington Field* leading over the Downs, to join the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment what- Turnpike Road at the Ten Mile Stone, on the Road -ioever. leading from Be dime Hill to Fisherton and the

Road from the said Turnpike Road at the Top of American Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Market Lavington , to the Top of the Hill on Colonies, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider fur- which Roads adjoin to the Roads di-

ther of the several Papers which were presented to the hefted to be repaired by the said Act*,' and contain but a House, by the Lord North* upon the 28th Day of few Miles; are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many vember last, the 7th Day of December last, and the 20th plac€S i and that the repairing and widening the same Day of January last, by His Majesty’s Command, be will be a public Advantage; but that the same cannot received upon Wednesday Morning next. be done by the Laws in being.

Mr. Richard Leverjuch confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Ways Resolved* That this House will, upon Friday Morning with respect to the last-mentiooed Road, from

and Means, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Top of Market Lavington Hill* to the Top of the to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Hill on Down.

Supply granted to His Majesty. Ordered* That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the

Supply* Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Thirty-fiFll Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole amending the Road from Pengate to Latchett's Bridge* House, to consider further of the Supply granted to and other Roads; in the County of so far as relates

His Majesty. to the Second District of Road contained in the said Act;

and for amending several other Roads, near adjoining to And then the House, having continued to fit till Half the said Roads: And that Mr. , Sir Charles

an Hour pad Two of the Clock, on Saturday Mr. Barrow, Mr. Bouverie* Mr:

Morning, adjourned till Eleven of the Clock this Sir Edward and Sir John Griffin o

Morning. prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Middlesex

Writ*

Pengate,

&c.

Roads.

Sabbati, 4* dieFebruarii;

Anno 9# Georgii III*11 Regis, 1769. Prayers.

MR. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Wilts* as Vot,324

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Ingham, in the County of Lwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cufl, Mr. Serjeant Nares*bcc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guildford, in the County of

Surrey*

Ingham

Inclosurot

Guildford

Writ*

(tandTaiu

Macclesfield, fee. Roads.

Cublington

Inclosura.

Committees.

Wheldrake

Iadofure.

180 4* — 70 Februarii.

A. 1769.

Storey, In the room of Sir Fletcher Mr/*#, Knight j who, fincp his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Places and Offices of Warden and Chief Justice and Justice in Eyre of all His Majesty’s Forests, Chaces, Parks, and Warrens, on this Side Trent.

Ordered, That the Older, made upon -the

26th Day of January last, for the House torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon Monday Morning next,;upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to :His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 70 die;

Anno 9* Georgii IIP11 R,egis, 1769. ‘

pRAYEXS.:

MR. Le?h reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, residing in and near the Market Towns of Macclesfield and Nether Kmtsford, in the County Palatine of Chester, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direified him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Dumvile, being examined, said, That the Roads mentioned in the Petition, are-in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

And the Witness said. That about 396 Rods of the said Road is upon a very bad Bottom, and very narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous, and that Sir Peter Lei-tester. Baronet, hath agreed to give another Piece of Ground in Exchange for the fame, which would be a public Benefit; but that such Exchange cannot be effectually executed, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repair and widen the Road from the Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, over The Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether

Tabley, in the said County; and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road: And that Mr. Legh, Mr. Egerton, and Mr. Harbord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish, Liberties, or Precincts, of Cublington, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a second Time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Ings, and the Moor or Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Wheldrdke, in the County of York, wis read a Second

Time.: -

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Lascelles, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. 1

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Cdm-’ Eatoit mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Inc 0 ure* and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Sutton, Mr. Kynofton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Bleddington Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other ^"dofure. Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bleddington, in the County of Gloucester, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bleddington, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry "the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' \

Ordered, That Mr. Philips have Leave to flay in the Leave Country, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence

- Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom Buckingham the Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, Roads, of an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his &c* late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to in

the County of Warwick, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the 1 House; and he read thd Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s-Table. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wood’s to enable the Reverend John Wood, his First and other Name. Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Davies, in Pursuance of the Will of the Reverend John Davies, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Lowndes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Garth's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estates.

Act to empower Richard Garth, Esquire, to make Leases of his settled Estates, in the County of Surrey, for building upon and improving the same, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to Be true; and that the Pasties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

’ Mr.

9 Geo. III.

Sparhauke’s Mr. P turner reported from the Committee, to whom ££aie. the irjgroHccJ Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Baldock, in the County of , deviled by the

Will of Edward Sparhauke, Gentleman, deceased, in Lawndey Sparhauke, Esquire, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of the said Will; and for iubftituting and settling an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in Hertf, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee haddireded him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pturner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Rvflip A Petition of the several Freeholders, Copyholders, Lnclosure. and Tenants, of the Manor of Catharine ,in the Parish of RyJJip, and County of and others,

having Right of Common on the Wade within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a Bill now depending in this House, for empowering John Lewin, Lord of the said Manor of Catherine End, to inclose the Waste Lands of the said Manor, or Part of them, pursuant to an Agreement between him and some of the Tenants of the said Manor, which said Agreement is not at present come to the Know-lege of the Petitioners; and that the said Bill, should it pass into a Law, will greatly injure the Petitioners in their Rights and Properties: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing several Woods and Woodlands, and a certain Close, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Commons and Waste Grounds, within tire Manor of St. Catherine End, in the Parish of Ryflip, in the County of Middlesex, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Pool, &c. Mr. Kynaftonpresented to the House, according to Roads. Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from Pool, Newtown,

Machynlleth, Llarifyllin, and in the County of

Montgomery, and also the Road leading from Mardu, to join the Turnpike Road leading from to

Pool: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Refo'ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*.

Mancheflpr A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tra-new Church. <jers, ant| inhabitants, residing in and near the Market Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Ijm-enfter, was presented to the Floufe, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill depending, to enable Edward Byrom, Esquire, to complete a Church in the said Town, and making it a perpetual Cure, and for other Purposes; which, the Petitioners apprehend, will tend greatly to promote the Worship of Almighty God, and the general Good and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable Edward , Esquire, to

complete a Building, intended for a new Church, in the Town of Alc.udefter, and for making the same a per-VOL. 32.

18 i

petual Cure and Benefice, and for other Purposes, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Caiie have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for the Recovery of his Health. Abtence.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to Nottingham whom the Petition of the several Justices of the Peace, Shire Hall, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Nottingham, the Ninth Day of January 1769, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-reded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Hurst, Clerk of the Peace for the said County, beings

examined, said. That the Shire Hall of the said County, where the Assizes and General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have been always held, and other public Bufinefe transaded, is in a very ruinous Condition.

Mr. John Sitnpfon, Surveyor, said. That he hath lately surveyed the said Shire Hall, and finds th^t the Floors (land upon Shores, and the Beams thereof are rotted off at the Ends; and the said Hall is, in other Respects, in very bad Repair, and quite unsafe; and is very uncomfortable for Prisoners who are confined in the Gaol, which is a Part of the said Shire Hall.

And he produced Plans for a new Shire Hall, which, by his Estimate, will cost £. 3500; and he added, That Part of the Ground to be used for re-building the Hall, is in the Town of the County of the Town of Nottingham, but is the Property of the County at large.

Mr. Hurst further said, That there is no Place so convenient for holding the said Assizes and Sessions,' and doing other public Business, as at the said Town of Nottingham; but there being no Law in being for that Purpose, he produced to your Committee the Consent of the Corporation undef their Seal, for the Use of their Guild Hall, till the said Shire Hall shall be re-built.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to rebuild the Shire Hall of the County of Nottingham; and for using the Guild Hall of the Town and County of the Town of Nottmgham for the Purposes of a Shire

Hall-in the mean Time: And that Mr. Willoughby, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Hewett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tqd- Calder ers, and others. Inhabitants of the Towns of Man- Navigation.

chester, Rochdale, and Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Sowerby, Soyland, and Norland, in the County of York, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is de- \ pending in this House, for extending apd continuing Navigable the River Calder, to or near Souerby Bridge in the Parish of Halifax, and for making navigable the River Hebb/e, Halig, or Halifax Brook, from Brooks Mouth, to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the County of York; and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for those Purposes; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, with proper Regulations and Restrictions, will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may pass into a Law, with such Powers, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according Mark field to Order, a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Open luciolure. Fields, within the Lordship or Liberty of Alarkfield, in the County of Leicester, and the Common Ground there,

3 A lying

70 FebruariL

Militia*

Commissiontn of Customs: America.

Account presented; Militia.

Laughton*

en-lc-

Morthen

inclosure.

Manchester new Church.

Elvington

ladoiurc.

182

70 Februarii. 1769.

lying within the Ring or Boundaries of the same Fields, or adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury and Mr. be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great , called England.

The House being informed, that Mr. Stanley, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Copy, Commission appointing " Henry Hulton, Esquire, et al. to be Commissioners of " the Customs in America."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House' being informed, that Mr. One

of the Deputy Auditors of the Court of Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Expence of the Militia, in the several Counties of Wales, within the Division of Mr. Auditor Wynn, from the Year 1762, to the Year 1767, inclusive, as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors and Lordships of Laughlen-en-le-Morthen, and Slade Hooton, in the Parish of le-Morthen in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable Edward Byrom, Esquire, to complete a Building, intended for a new Church, in the Town of Manchester, and for making the same a perpe-

tual Cure and Benefice, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -herd, Mr. Sandys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Elvington, in the East Riding of -shire, the Rector of Elvington aforesaid, and the severalv Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the Manor and Pariftr of Elvington aforesaid.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, and Common Lands, within the Parish of Elvington, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitbread reported frons the Committee, to Bedford whom the Petition of the Matters, Governors, and Charitr Trustees, of the Bedford Charity, under their Common Seal, and of the several other Persons, being Inhabit-, ants of the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set, was referred, That the Committee' had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;.and he read the Report in his Place;and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William and Dame Alice, his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity of the Town of Bedford, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Thirteen Common Council, and several other Persons, are appointed Trustees for executing the said Act: And,

Mr. Richard Wakefield, Clerk to the Trustees, produced to your Committee an Account of the Expenditure of the Money from the Commencement of the Act to Midsummer last:

And Mr. Wakefield said, That the Act has provided more to be done, than the Estate is able to bear the Expence of: And to prove which,

The Reverend Henry Hind said, That by the said Act, the Mailer’s House and School is to be first rebuilt or repaired; and that the Trustees have accordingly begun, and almost finished the Reparation of the Public School House, the Expence of which amounts to £.1500, in Part of which Sum £. 1300 has been paid; and that there is not Money in hand to pay the Remainder.

Mr. Richard Cave, Mr. John Hand Mr. -field, severally said. That the Act is in several Parts de-fective, particularly with respect to the Marriage Portions thereby directed to be given to poor Maidens, and the placing out Apprentices, of which the Witnesses gave your Committee several Instances of the Impropriety thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Har pur, Knight, and Dame Alice, his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford, and for the better Management and Distribution of the said Charity:

And that Me. Whitbread, Mr. OngleMr. Richard Vernon, the Earl of Upper OJfory, and Mr. Rigby, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 22d Day of ®ui’<*ee November last, for referring to the; Committee of Pri- e lon* vileges and Elections, the Petition of Robert Mackintosh,

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Dundee, Saint An-

drews, Cupar, and Forfar, be discharged.’

Ordered, That the Instruction, which, upon the said 22d Day of November last, was given to the said Committee, for hearing the Matter of the said Petition upon Friday next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Fortnight, the 27th Day of this Instant February.

A Petition of Philip Langdale, Esquire, and the fevc- Sanflon ral other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscrib- hidofure. ed, in Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Lands and Estates, within the Township of Sanfton, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe,

that

1

9 Geo. III.

’ — 8° Bebr

183

that a Bill is depending for inclosing the Lands within the said Township; and representing to the House, that there are several Parts of the said Bill, which if paffed into a Law as they now stand, will greatly affect the Estates of the Petitioners and others within the said Township; and that some farther Regulations ate necessary than what are contained in the said Bill: And therefore praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may af-

fcdt them, that the same may ndt pass into a Law, as it now Bands, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of , in the East

Riding of the County of , is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in Favour of the said, Bill, -against the said Petition.

KrVhv’p,on The Order of the Day being read, for hearing at eC lon* the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of

ton;

The Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And the Petition of Thomas Breton, Esquire, and William Gibson, and John Newcome, Gentlemen, Returning Officers at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Northampton, was also read.

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January, 1735, for restraining the Counsel, at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was read.

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Northampton, made the 26th Day of April, 1664, was read; whereby it was resolved, That the Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton, being Housholders and not receiving Alms, are the proper Electors of Burgesses for that Town; and that the Iharing in the Charitable Gifts appointed to be distributed at Christmasis a Taking of Alms.

- And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard.

And the'Original Poll, taken at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, being produced, the Numbers were admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Members to be as stated by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner were further heard; >and proposed to examine a Witness, in order to prove the Attachment and Predetermination in the Returning Officers'in Favour of the Sitting Members, from the Time the Sitting Members were declared Candidates; which Evidence was objected to by the Counsel for the Returning Officers of the said Borough, and also by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, io far as it related to the Behaviour of the Returning Officers previ- ous to the Petitioner becoming a Candidate, as not being Part of any of the Allegations of the Petition of the Honourable Thomas Howe.

And the Counsel for the Returning Officers, and also the Counsel for the Sitting Members, were heard in Support of their Objection.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, in *' Answer to the said Objection.

And the Counsel for the said Returning Officers, and Vot. 32.

} 76-

one of the Counsel for the Sitting Members, were heard Northampton by Way of Reply. # Elea‘°n‘

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Honourable Thomas Howe might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Counsel for the Petitioner be admitted to produce Evidence on the Petition of the Honourable Thomas Howe, of the Partiality of the Returning Officers of the Borough of Northampton, before Mr.

Howe became a Candidate for the said Borough;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz. After the Word " Partiality," to insert " and Attachment and after " Northampton," to insert to the Sitting Members."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Main Question, so amended, being put.

That the Counsel for the Petitioner be admitted 10 produce Evidence on the Petition of the Honourable Thomas Howe, of the Partiality and Attachment of the Returning Officers of the Botough of Northampton to the Sitting Members, before Mr. Howe became a Candidate for the said Borough;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes,| "rr;^;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the said Witness was Called in, and examined.

The Counsel for the Petitioner examined another Witness, in order to prove Partiality in the Returning Officers; and also to prove, that there was a Riot during the Time of the Canvass of the Sitting Members; and to shew the Conduct of the Mayor and of One of the Bailiffs during such Riot.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Morning

next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That Joseph Beach, George Batman, John Ditto. Baker, Joseph Wills, and the several Persons, who were Churchwardens and'Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Sepulchre, in the Town of Northampton, for the Years 1767 and 1768, do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 8° die Februarii;

Anno 9° Georgii III'*'1 Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Owners and Masters of Ships, of Oxford the Port of Whitby, in the County of York, was to presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that Leave is given for bringing in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Coventry, to the City of Oxford;

184

8° Februarii.

A. 1759.

Carnarvon

Koa'd.

ford j and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, in case such Bill should pass into a Law, that the City of London, and Ports adjacent, will in Time be supplied with Coals from the Inland Counties, to the great Detriment, not only of the Coal Trade, but of that great >3 urfery of Seamen, by which his Majesty’s Fleets are in a great Measure manned in Time of War: And

therefore praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Tjiat the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of , be read

a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Wynn do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentle-.men. Clergy, and Freeholders, in the County of Carnarvon, was referred.

Mr. Wynn accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} which they had directed to be reported, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as , followeth}

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Ellis being examined, said. That the Road from Tal y Cafn Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and Carnarvon, to the Town of Pwllhely, in the same County, is in many Places so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass each other, and incommodious and dangerous, and greatly out of Repair; and that the Extent of the Road is Thirty-nine Miles, which cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being. Mr. Thomas Williams confirmed Mr. Ellis's Evidence. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Taly Cafn Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, and through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and Carnarvon, to the Town of Pwllhely, in the same County: And that Mr. Wynn ^nd Sir Brook Brydges do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Montrose Mr. Lyon reported from the Committee, to whom "scou"11" Pet,t*on of the Provost, Baillies, and Town Council, of the Borough of in North Britain,

was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition } and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared so them, to the House } and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth}

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of tire Reign of King George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that should be vended or sold within the Town of , and Privileges there-

of, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned } and also an Act made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty, for the same Purposes; were feveraHy read: And,

John Mill, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Monies granted by the said Acts had been duly collected, and faithfully applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Works thereby directed to be performed, are in great Forwardness; but that the same cannot be completed, and the Debts of the Town discharged, unless the said Duties are further continued.

Then an Account was produced, and verified by a Member present, whereby it appeared, that the Sum of 6,236/. i$s. 1 id. had been expended upon the Works di-reded by the said Acts, and that no more than 4,045/. 5 J od.had been collected by virtue of the said Acts, on the Twenty-fourth Day of last.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill 18

for continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of King George the First, and in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Lyon and Mr*

Wynn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom Harlow Bush the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign Road, of his late Majesty for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of EjJ'ex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill} which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by-the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Or- Grendon der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Underwood Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and lacI°fure* . other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor or Parish of Grendon Underwood, in the County of -ingham: And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Snittefby. Lands, and Grounds, in the several Townships of - &c*

terby, Snitterby, and Waddingham, in the County of ,c^ure‘

Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -cot. Lord Brownlow Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons Orton and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Orton, in the Inclosure. County of Westmoreland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Robinson, Mr. Johnstone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Foundling Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed Hospital. and deferred young Children do lay before this Ploufe, an Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March A 760, from the 31st Day of December 1768, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December, 1769, inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies received and paid by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education ,of exposed and deserted young Children, between the 31st Day of December, 1767, and the 31st Day of December, 1768, with the Balance then remaining; and also an Account of the Number of Children received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been ' placed out Apprentices, between the 31st Day of cember 1766, and the 31st Day of December, 1768; distinguishing the Number placed out in each Month, and how many with, and how njapy without. Apprentice

9 Geo. III.

8a Februarii.

i85

Ordered, That the Friday Morning next.

said Report be received upon

tice Fees, and how much such Fees have amounted to in each Month; and also, an Account of the Number of the said Children who have been returned to their Parents, between the 31st Day of December 1767, and the The other Order of the Day being read, for receiving 31st Day of December 1768; and also, an Account of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to the Number of the said Children who have died* between whom it was referred to consider further of the several

Anericari

Coiuuica*

the said 31st Day of December 1767, and the said 31st Day of December 1768; and also, an Account of the Number of the said Children who were living, under the Care of the said Governors and Guardians, on the said 31st Day of December 1768.

Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 28th Day of the 7th

Day of December, and the 20th Day of January last, by

His Majesty’s Command;

And the Question being proposed. That the said Re-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies port be now received;

of all Resolutions of the Governors and Guardians of the . The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed of the House, of the 19th Day of 1721, ot His

and deserted young Children, since the 31st Day of Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne to both cember 1766, with respect to receiving Children into the Houses of Parliament, might be read, said Hospital, together with an Account of the Number And the same was read accordingly, received pursuant to such Resolutions; distinguishing the Ordered, That the said Report be now receive d.

Months in which they were received, and those received Sir Charles accordingly reported from the

at the Charge of the several Parishes; and also, Copies of said Committee of the whole House, the Resolutions all the Resolutions of the said Governors and Guardians, which the Committee had directed him to report to from the 31st Day of December 1766, to the 31st Day of December 1768, relating to the placing out Children Apprentices.

Mr. Wilkes. The Lord Barrington reported that he had, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference , upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference of the

the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to agree to the First of the Resolutions sent from the Lords, and referred to this Committee; viz.

" That the Votes, Resolutions, and Proceedings of

16th Day of December last; and that the Lords will fend she House of Repfefentatives of ,in

" ... ~ . ... (be Months of January and February last, respecting several late Acts of Parliament, so far as the said Votes,

an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Militia. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for continuing, amending,

Resolutions, and Proceedings, do import a Denial of, or do draw into Question, the Power and Authority of His Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, to make Laws and Statutes of sufficient Force and Validity to bind the Colonies and People of America, Subjects of the Crown of Great in all Cases Whatfosever, are illegal, unconstitutional, and

and explaining, the several subsequent Acts of Parlia- derogatory of the Rights of the Crown, and Parliament ment, relative to the Raising and Training the Militia, ."

Land Tax.

within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

.Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to agree to the Second of the Resolutions sent from the Lords, and referred to this Committee; viz.

That the Resolution of the said House of Repre*

upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting fcntatives of the Province of Mafachufet's Bay, in m Execution an Act of this Sessioti of Parliament, inti- ary ]aft} to write Letters to the several Houses ot Re-tuled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by A presentatives of the Colonies, on the Continent,

Poole

Election*

Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for securing and preserving Duplicates of AfiefT-rnents, and other Papers relating to the Land Tax.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of Joseph Gu/ston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of

desiring them to join with the said House of Repreicnta-tives of the Province of Massachuset's Bay, in Petitions which do deny, or draw into Question, the Right of Parliament to impose Duties and Taxes upon His Majesty’s Subjects in America; and in pursuanCe of the said Resolution, thewiiting such Letters, in which cer-< tain late Acts of Parliament, imposing Duties and Taxes, are stated to be Infringements of the Rights of His Majesty’s Subjects of the said Province; are Proceedings of a most unwarrantable and dangerous Nature, calculated to inflame the Minds of His Majesty’s Subjects in the other Colonies, tending to.create unlawful Combination, repugnant to the Laws of Great , and lubverfiveof

the Constitution with the following Amendment;

Between the Words " Bay" and " to" to leave out the Words "in January last."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to agree to the Third of the Resolutions sent from the Lords, and referred to this Committee; viz.

" That it appears, that the Town of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay, has for some Time past

been in a State of great Disorder and Confusion, and that the Peace of the said Town has at several Times been

Bramber lic&iofi.

P° Ordered, ThMthJ said^epoJt be received upon Friday disturlbe^ b[ R'^ and T"£ult* of ad?ngcrous Nature, Morning next in which the Officers of His Majesty s Revenue there

° have been obstruded, by Acts of Violence, in the Execu-

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the tion of the Laws, aftd their Lives endangered."

Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

touching the Election for the Borough of Bramber, in the to agree to the Fourth of the Resolutions lent from the County of Snjfexi Lords, and referred to this Committee;

Vol. 32. 3 B " That

Amer.cn n

Colonies.

18 6

8° Februarii.

A\ 1769.

" That it appears, that neither the Council of the said Province of Massachuset's nor the ordinary

Civil Magistrates, did exert their Authority, for suppressing the laid Riots and Tumults."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to agree to the Fifth of the Resolutions sent from the Lords, and referred to this Committee;

" That in these Circumstances of the Province of the Massachuset'sBay, and of the Town of , the

Preservation of the public Peace, and the due Execution of the Laws became impracticable without the Aid of a Military Force to support and protect the Civil Magistrate and the Officers of His Majesty’s Revenue." 'Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to agree to the Sixth of the Resolutions sent from the Lords, and referred to this Committee;

" That the Declarations, Resolutions, and Proceedings, in the Town Meetings at , on the 14th of June, and 12th September, were illegal and unconfti-tutional, and calculated to excite Sedition and Insurrections in His Majesty’s Province of Massachuset's Bay." Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to agree to the Seventh of the Resolutions sent from the Lords, and referred to this Committee; viz.

" That the Appointment at the Town Meeting, on the 12th September, of a Convention to be held in the Town of Boston, on the 22d of that Month, to consist of Deputies from the several Towns and Districts in the Province of the Massachuset'$ Bay, apd the issuing a Precept by the Select Men of the Town of to each

of the said Towns'and Districts, for the Election of such Deputies, were Proceedings subversive of His Majesty’s Government, and evidently manifesting a Design in the Inhabitants of the said Town of Boston, to set up a new and unconditional Authority, independent of the Crown of Great Britain," with the following Amendments; viz.

Between the Words the" and " by" to leave out the Words " issuing a Precept," and to insert instead thereof " writing a Letter."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to agree to the Eighth of the Resolutions sent from the 'Lords, and referred to this Committee;

" That the Elections by several Towns and Districts in the Province of MassackuJet's of Deputies to lit ki the said Convention, and the Meeting of such Convention in consequence thereof, 'were daring Intuits offered to His Majesty’s Authority, and audacious Usurpa-tions of the Powers of Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to agree to the Address sent from the Lords, and referred to this Committee; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

" We Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for the Communication Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to make to Your Parliament, of several Papers relative to public Transactions in Your Majesty’s Province of Massachuset's Bay.

We beg Leave to express to Your Majesty our sincere Satisfaction, in the Measures which Your Majesty has. pursued for supporting the Constitution, and for inducing a due Obedience to the Authority of the Legifla-ture; and to give Your Majesty the strongest Assurances, that we will effectually (land by and support Your Majesty, in such further Measures as may be found necessary to maintain the Civil Magistrates in a due Execution of the Lawswithin Your Majesty’s Province of Massachufel's Bay: and as we conceive that nothing can be more immediately necessary, either for the Maintenance of Your Majesty’s Authority in the said Province, or for guarding Your Majesty’s Subjects therein, from being further deluded by the Arts of wicked and designing Men, than to proceed, in the most speedy and effectual Manner, for bringing to condign Punishment the chief Authors and Instigators of the late Disorders, we most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that You will be gra-18

cioully please-d to direct Your Majesty's Governor of Massachuset's Bay to take the most effectual Methods for procuring the fullest Information that can be obtained; touching all Treasons, or Misprisions of Treason committed within his Government, since the Thirtieth Day of December last, and to transmit the fame, together with the Names of the Persons who were most active in the Commission of such Offences, to One of Your Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, in order that Yorir Majesty may issue a special Commission* for inquiring of, hearing* and determining the said Offences within this Realm, pursuant to the Provisions of the Statute, of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, ill case Your Majesty shall, upon receiving the said Information, fee sufficient Ground for such a Proceeding with the following Amendments; viz.

Between the Words " December " and " and " to leave out the Word last," and to insert instead thereof the Words " One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-< seven.H

The First Resolution of the Committee being read at Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word " last " and inserting the Words " One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " last '* stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words "One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight " be inferred instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then, the said Resolution so amended, was, u|)on the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, By the Lords Spiritual7 and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, That the Votes, Resolutions, and Proceedings of the House of Repre-lentatives of Massachuset'sBay, in the Months of January and February, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, respecting several late Acts of Parliament, so far as the said Votes, Resolutions, and Proceedings, do import a Denial of, or do draw into Question, the Power and Authority of His Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, to make Laws and Statutes, of sufficient Force and Validity to bind the Colonies and People of America, Sabjects to the Crown of Great Britain, in all Cales whatsoever, are illegal, unconstitutional, and derogatory of the Rights of the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain.

The Seven next Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being an Address to be presented to His Majesty, was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j of^J: } 6S*

Tellers for the J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord North do carry the said Resolutions, and the said Address, to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame^ with Amendments to some of the said Resolutions, and to the said Address; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

9

9 Geo. III. 9*

Jovis, 90 i

Anno 9#Georgii IIItlJ fcegis, 1769. Prayers.

Februarii. 187

shall fcem meet; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, in Support of their Rights.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

tooddin2jon

Acc.

Drauiae#

Buckingham,

ice.

Road.

SIR John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of in

the Pari 111 of Doddington, and in the Parish of within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Refohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to Warmington, in the County of Warwick, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term* and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Buckinghamin the County of Bucks, to the North Extent of the Farifli of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford, leading towards Warmington Gate.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Garth* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tftarcs. to empower Richard Garth, Esquire, to make Leases of his settled Estates, in the County of Surrey, for. building upon and improving the same, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

White chspet Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, accord-Strecu. ;ng to Order, a Bill for paving such Parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise White Chapel, and the Precinct of WellClofe, as lie in the County of -

dlesex, and Liberty of the Tower of London, and Parts of certain Streets adjoining to the said Parish and Precinct; and for opening such Passages as are therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ditto. A Petition of Robert Buttery, and all other the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses, on the South Side the public High Street, in the Parish of St. Mary Matfelon, otherwise White Chapel, in the County of Middlesex, where the Hay Market there hath immemorially been held, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observing, That a Petition has been presented to the House, for paving the High Street there, and for laying a Duty upon Carriages loaded with Hay and Straw, which shall be brought, fold, or pitched, on Market Days, in any Part of the said Parish; and that the Hay brought to, and sold at, the said Market, hath immemorially been pitched on the Fronts or Front-Reads of the Petitioners respective Dwelling Houses; and they have severally, during all their respective Times, and their Predecessors have immemorially received, and are, as the Petitioners apprehend, in Right of their respective Houses, entitled to receive, for every Load of Hay pitched upon the Frontsteads of the Petitioners Houses, Four Pence for each Load, which is a very great Advantage to the Petitioners, and to which they apprehend themselves entitled, in Right of their laid Houses: And therefore praying, That the said Market may continue to be held on the Petitioners Frontsteads, or that the House would take care of the Petitioners Right to the said Toll, and make the Petitioners such Satisfaction for the same as to the House VOL. 32.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Church-wardens, Overseers of the Poor, Vestry-men, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and Is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better enlightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Readies within the said Parish, was read: — Aud,

Mr. John Thorn informed your Committee, That the Pavement is very bad, and dangerous for Carriages; and even for Foot Passengers in the Night: That the Parish abounds with Nuisances, such as Water Spouts, Signs, Polls, Sheds, and other Incroachments and Projections; and that frequent Obstructions happen in the narrow Streets, from Carts and Drays being left there an unreasonable Time.

With respect to the Defects in the Act of the 28th Year of his late Majesty, the Witness said. That by the said Act they have no Power to enforce the Payment of the Rates from Persons who remove out of the said Parish; by which Means the Payment of the Rates is frequently evaded.

That there is no Power in the said Act to prevent throwing the Grounds and Walhings of Beer Barrels, into the Streets, which is a very great Nuisance: And that the Number of Constables appointed by the said. Act are too few, each Constable being obliged to fit up every Third Night.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Thomas Wit ham, who said. The said Act is defective in several other Particulars.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act of the 28th of his late Majesty, for the better enlightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of Bartholomew the Great, London', and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish; and for empowering the Trustees, in the said Act named* to pave the said Streets, and Other Places within the said Parish, and to remove Annoyances and Obstructions: And that Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mi. Alderman Trecothick, Mr. Alderman Crefby, and Mr. Alderman Beckford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John HuJJey Delaval presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common, called Trougheitd Common, in the Parish of Elfdon, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Surplufes, Hated the 5th of April 1768; and also,

Surplufes, Hated the 10th Day of October 1768.

And the Titles of the said Surplufes were read.

The said Surplules are preserved amongst the other ' Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof are as followeth; viz.

A E 5 T R A C T

Saint

Bartholomew

(London)

Streets.

Elfdon

Inclosure*

Surplufes*

ABSTRACT of the said SURPLUSES, stated the 5th of April 1768*

D

co'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund.

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year ended the 5th Day of ^// 1768; w%. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account (Folio 1.)

D° of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio a.)

D° ofj the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3) -

Dr.

C '

570,65^ x6

99,7^8 14 266,321 3

1

6

j. </. 17,132-----

6,070 — —

- 1I>°3S *

*5>7*6 4 74 34,754 -

5 9f

>9 it 6

- a.tia —

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods imported and undervalued, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act Ii0 Georgii imi ——

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Dajrof April 1768, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf, viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii 241, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2 50 Georgii 2*

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Acts i6°

Georgii 2^, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act iS® Georgii a*, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D® -Surplus of the Duties on Glass, and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D®

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant toD°- ——

the Subsidyon Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act ai° Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - - 146,871

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6® Georgii in*, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to j>® -

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or Vending of, Gold or-Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund, by an Act 32° Georgii 2di - -

Surplus of the Duties on Houses, and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3*, and the Arrears of the Duties bn Ditto, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - -- -- - 86,778

The Duty of 3/. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26®

Georgii 2* - -- -- - 110,766 16

The Duty of 12/. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 100 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737* brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2 70 Georgii a*11 ——

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act a° Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of 1,250,000l. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2^ - -

Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of /.1,750,00c by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pur-tuant to the said Act 28 Georgii 2^ -

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought tP this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2dl ——

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Adt290 Georgii -

The several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate* brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii V. ——

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2^, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 32° Georgii 2® -

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -

The Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wipe, the like -Ditto of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like -

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii 1*,

936,707 14 2l 16 X 10

3x2-----

1,271 - —

- — 7i

7>*7J 7

41

30,237-----

5,340 — —

,*934 — —

32,010 — — 4,604 1 3f

949 16 si 14,384 16 — *

brought tp this Account purfoant to an Act 33° Georgii ad

109,262 2

Per Contra - - - Cr.

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half /. jL

a Year’s Interest, due^he 5th Day of January 1768, being after the Rate of /. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of /.34,627,§2i. 5/. 1 \d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of /.*3 per Centum Transferable Annuities at the Bank of England* pursuant to the Acts 25®, 28°, 29®, 32°, and 33° Georgii 2dJ, and 40 and 6° Georgii 3tU, in that Behalf - - - -5*9*41764!"

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Joint 'Stock of Annuities for the same Half Year - -- - 9,65® 1 si

By Ditto more for Half a Year’s Interest, due the said 5th Day of January 1768, on /.900,000 consolidated with, and added to the "said Joint Stock of Annuities, by an Act 70 Georgii 3tU, being Part of /. 1,500,000 the Amount of the Annuities and Lottery established by the said Act - -- -- - 13,500 — —

By the said Chief Cashier 01 the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of April 1768, being after the Rate of /3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of /.19,183,323. 16/. 4d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25° Georgii 2^, and J° Georgii $tii, in that Pehalf - - -287,749 17 if

By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same HalfYear - 5,395 6 if

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of January 1768, being after the Rate of /. 3. 10s. pm' Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of 1,500,000, Part of /. 2,000*000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756^ pursuant to an Act 29° Georgii 24i, in that Behalf By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th Day of January 1768, being after the Rate of 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of /. 2,100,000 transferrable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to an Act 24° Georgii 2di, in that Behalf -By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, Bt c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the same Act, in that Behalf -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 300 Georgii 21', and charged on this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii a*11, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of Januaty 1768 ---- 15,564 8 9

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3fti, for the Half Year ending the ^th Day of April 1768 ---- 270 — —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th Day of April 1768, on the principal Sums of /.8,240,000 m Annuities, granted by an Act 33° Georgii 2and 12,000,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act a® Georgii 3lli, making together/. 20,240,000, which were made one Joint Stock of /. 4 per Centum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, by an Act 20 Georgii 3*u ----- 404,800 — —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year - 5,692 10 — By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Compan; of the Bank England, for Annuities granted per Acts 1° and z° Georgii 3lU, for 99 and 98 Years, which were m>ide one Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3tU, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1768 - 124,125 — —

By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - - 1,745 10 l{

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of Five millions borrowed pursuant to an Act 31° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 17585 whifch said Management is charged on this Fund by a Clause in the said Act for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1768 1,406 5 —

OO

OO

26,250 -

421 17 6

- 31,500 — —

59O 12 &

90 Februarii. A. 1769.

The additional Inland Dufy oft Chocolate, the like 1,381 —

The additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 3a0 Georgii 2* $nd 5* Georgii 3d1 - - 3,207 —

To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2*9 O* brought to this Account pursuant to an Act a® Georgii 3d1 ..... 14,532 —

r To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 33® Georgii 2*

Oa & 6° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to Aftsa® & 6° Gewgii 3d1 - - 128,966 6

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act a° Georgii 3,u, and brought to

this Account pursuant to the same Act - - ..... 26,805 —

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33° Georgii a*, brought to this Account

pursuant to one other Act a° Georgii 3d1 - - 65,627 —

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3tU,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3tU - - - 216,155 —

To the additional Duties on the Exportation of Coals and of several East India Goods, Sec. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3d1 ..... 4,994 7

To the additional Duties on Policies of Assurance the like ---- 592 —

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies imported, granted and

made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1 - 1,380 —

To the additional Subsidy upon East India wrought Silks, &c. granted and made a Part of

this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3d1 - - - - 2,004 7 1

To the additional Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, See. granted by an Act 70 Georgii al11, brought to this Account pursuant to one other

Act, 7° Georgii 3d1 - - f -.....M4S »-

To the additional Duties upon broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and

made a Part of thisJund by an Act 70 Georgii 3d1 - - - 12,142 9

o

D

(Q

N'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o

Si

-i

— 1,170,687 8 ni

£ 2,107,411 5 — f

By the said Chief CaAIer of the Governor tnd Company of the Bank of England, for Three Months Interest, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, on£. 1,741,776.

10/. 1 id duethe2$th Day of December 1767, when the same was paid off pursuant to an Act 70 Georgii 3td, in full Redemption of the Sum of £3,483.553. is- tod. being the Amdunt of the Annuities granted in lieu of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, subscribed pursuant to an Act Georgii, 3lU, in that Behalf, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act 70 Georgii 3tU ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said £. 1,741,776. ioj. 1 id. for the same Three Months, to be replaced to this Fund out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, after issuing the fame, pursuant to a Clause in the Act 30 Georgii 3UI, in that Behalf -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Compaoy of the Bank of England, for Three Months Interest, after the Rate of £. \per Centum per Annum on £. 875,000, due the 5 th Day of January 1768, when the same was paid off and redeemed pursuant to an Act 70 Georgii 3tl!, in Part of £.3,500,000, raised by way of Annuities and Lotteries by virtue of an Act 30 Georgii 3^, for the Service of the Year 1763, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the above mentioned Act 70 Georgii 3 d1 -

By Cam taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of January 1768 of the Tax oft Offices and Pensions, granted by an Act 31° Georgii z61 with a Moiety of £93>2I7 l0/* ld* P& Annum, charged on the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act o° Georgii 3d1, for answering and paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five millions borrowed by virtue of the said Act 31° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act in that Behalf -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of April 1768, of the additional Duties on Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3'*, and of the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3lU, Ike. for paying the several Annuities at the Bank of England after the Rate of £.4 per Centum established by the said Act 30 Georgii 3d1 then remaining unredeemed, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Governor awl Company, ^nd the Officers employed by them, and to reimburse their Expences in receiving and paying into the Exchequer the Contributions to the Annuities and Lottery established by ao Act 70 Georgii 3d1---- -

By the Managers and Directors of the Lottery established by an Act 70 Georgii 3d1, in Reward for their Labour, Pains, and Service, in executing their Commission — By Samuel HGlfon, Gentleman, Secretary to the said Mauagers and Directors, for incident Expences relating to the said Lottery -

By Ditto, more as Secretary to the Commissioners appointed for taking in Tickets of the said Lottery, established per Act 70 Georgii and making out Certificates in lieu thereof, for incident Expences attending the same -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Interest and Circulation of Exchequer BUli, made forth on Credit oftltis Fund, for the Service of the Year 1767 -

By Calli taken in full of £.2,010*121 tax. 3\d. granted out of this Fund towards the Supply of the Year 1767, pursuant to an Act 70 Georgii 3d1, in that Behatf — By Calli taken in part of £.2,250,000, granted our of this Fund, towards the Supply of the Year 1768, pursuant to ail Act 8° Georgii 3d1, in that Behalf ——

VO

O

w

o

*-7,4*7 IS 3}

244 18 8£

8,750 — —

25,781 12 lO{-

\Q

CT- J

18,930 3 4i Si

2;

1,208 13 5

6,300 — —

2,000 -

85O — —

2,293 2 11

S47.747 5 — i

27,800 18 — J

£.2,107.411 5

This being the Ninety-first Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii irt* (Page 367) is humbly presented this 9th Day of February 1769, by me. Grey Coper,

OO

VO

M

VO

ABSTRACT of the said SURPLUSES, stated the ioth Day of October 1768.

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

o

cq'

o

O

0

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year, ended the ioth Day of OQoba' 1768 \ viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account (Folio I) -

Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio 2) -

Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account (Foliov3) -

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods imported, undervalued, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Act ii° Georgii imi ——

To Monies brought to this Account on the ioth Day of October 1768, pursuant to the fereral Acts of Parliament* in this Behalf; viz. s £. s. d,

/ T^e additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4* Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the

Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii - - - - 16,843 — 9

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 160

Georgii 2d, brought to this Account pursuant to D° ----- 17,880 4 4

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii act, for the

Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - -. 32,734 I# if

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - - 29,301 15 —

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act ao° Georgii 2d, for the Service of the Year 1747,

brought to this Account pursuant to D* - - 45,113 __

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21° Georgii %*9 for

Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -168,392 11 ii£

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii i*, for the

Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - - 86 13 6

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending of Gold or Silver

Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2d 4*632 — —

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU, and the Arrears of the Duties on D°, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act....." - - -.....98,393 8 if

The Duty of 3/. 4d* /wBufhelon Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26°

Georgii 2* - - - -111,86415 3

The Duty of 12s. per Barrel on. Sweets, or W'ines, made from British or foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2di- - - 5,091 — . —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2*^, forraifing the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2dl - 29,908 5 6

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of

£.1,750,000 by Side of Annuities to the Bauk of England, brought to this Account pursuant to i he said Act 28° Georgii 2dl - - - ..... *5*366 17 2}

The Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this

Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2di - - - - 22,139 4 1

The additional Duties on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other

Act 29° Georgii 2il - - - - 4,503 1 7

The several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29°

Georgii 2^.....7,54a — —

Dr.

692,809 14

79’°*5 5

327,893 14

d.

1 i 11

1*099,728 14 30* 2

Per Contra

Cr.

By the-Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1768, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 36,127,821. 5/. 1 \d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25°, 28°, 290, 320, & 330 Georgii 2*, & 40, 6°, & i° Georgii 3tU, in that Behalf - - . - . - -

By D°, for Charges of Management of £.34,627,821. 5s. 1 \d. Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities, for the same Half Year - -

By D°, for Charges of Management of £.900,000, other Part of D°, for One Year and Half, due the said 5th Day of July 1768 - - - / -

By D°, for Charges of Management of £.600,000, Residue of D°, for Half a Year, due Ditto ——

By D°, more for Half a Year’s Inteceft, due the said 5th Day of July 1768, on £. 1,300,000 consolidated with, and added to the said Joint Stock of £.36,12 7,821. 5/. 1 }d. by an Act 8° Georgii being Part of £.1,900,000, the Amount of the Annuities and Lottery, established by the said Act -

By the said Chief Cashierof the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the ioth Day of October 1768, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 19,183,323. 16/. 4d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 250 Georgii 2d, fsf 50 Georgii 3d1, in that Behalf By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Caflrier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englaml, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1768, being after the Rate of £.3. 10j. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, Part of Two Millions lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 290 Georgii 2di, in that Behalf By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th Day of July 1768, being after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.2,100,000 transferable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund tow ards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year , 1751, pursuant to the Act 240 Georgii 2dl, in that

Behalf - ....

By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the fakl Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the same Act -

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2di, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1768 -

By Cacti taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorftiip, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this. Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3til, for the Half Year ended the ioth Day of October 1768 -

By the Chief Cashier of t{ie Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for "Half a Year's Annuity, due the ioth Day of 1768, on the principal Sums

of ^.8,240,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 33 2di, and £.12,000,000

in Annuities, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3ui, making together ^.20,240,000 which were made one Joint Stock of £. \ Annuities, transfenvble at the

54»>9«7 6

9,658 1

J.

4t

si

759 7 6

168 is —

- 19>500 -

VO

JS7>749 ’7 5.39S 6

1 i

26,250

421

l7

31,500----

390 12 6

*5.554 9

270 — —

Bank of England, by an Act 2° Georgii 3'

t.l

-404,800 — —

Februarii. ’ 1769.

< o r

a

o

eg

FT

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30* Georgii 2*1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii 2* -

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the hke -' - -

The Surplus of the new Duties on Licences to retail Wine, the like Ditto of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like -The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act £2° Georgii, 2* brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii 2d -

The additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - - - - '

The additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 320 Georgii 2di, & 50 Georgii 3d*

To the Surplus of the Duties upon SpirituousXiquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii2dl, brought to this Account pursuant by an Act 20 Georgii 3tU -To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2dI, and 6° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts z° & 6° Georgii -To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3 d1, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2d, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3ul - - - - , -

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3lii -To the additional Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, Gic. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3di -To the additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the like -

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1 -

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, &c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3lii -

To the additional Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, &c. granted by an Act 70 Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account, pursuant to one other Act 70 Gcoigii 3 d1 - - - .

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings, imported, granted, and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3d1 To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3d1 -

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3d1 - -

To Monies granted out of the Supply for the Year 1768, by an Act 8° Georgii 3 for the Purposes following; viz.

>tn

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1767, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, in respect of Five Miilions, borrowed by virtue of an Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 ——

To replace to this Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 10th Day of October 1767, of the Fund established for paying Annuities in respect of £. 3,500,000, borrowed by virtue of an Act made in the 3d Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763 -

33.328 8 9

7,096 *9 1

11>603 9 5*

,7»°° 9 —

124,493 18 ir

1,14.6 — —

'.947 — —

35.186 — —

200,572 — —

36,101 — —

279.55* — —

VI 00 CO NO — —

14,318 jS -i

2*553 \ -

*>995 10 1 of

1,000 — —

1,660 13 —

3,000 — —

45,200 —

2,697 — —

.1,717,664 18

2,817,694 15

/. d*

53,480 17 8f

59,322 16 10

1*1

35»oco — —

492 3 9

||By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year - S»^9a 10 "

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° & 20 Georgii 3111, for 99 Ctf 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock ot Annuities from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3til, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1 768 - 124,125 — —

I By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - 1,7 45 10 i£

I By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities, payable in respect of Five Millions, borrowed pursuant to an Act 31° Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1758, which said Management is charged on this Fund by a Clause in the said Act, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1768 ---- 1,406 5 O

1 By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for $ Months Jnttreft, after the Rate of £.4 per Centum per Annum, on £. 875,000, due the 5th Day of July 1768, when the same was paid off and redeemed, pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3*, in further Part of the Sum of 3,500,000, raised by way of Annuities and Lotteries, by virtue of an Act 30 Georgii jlU, for the Service of the Year 1763 - -- - 8:75° —

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said £.875,000 for the same 3 Months 123 —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Interest after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum, on £. 1,750,000 due the 10th Day of October 1768, when the Sum ot £.875,000, Part thereof, was paid off and redeemed, pursuant to the aforesaid Act 8° Georgii 3tU, in further Part of the Sum of £.3,500,000 raised by way of Annuities and Lotteries, by virtue of an Act 30 Georgii 3d1, for the Service of the Year 1763 -

By D°, for Management of the said £. 1,750,000 for the same Half Year -By the Chief Caftner of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to reimburse Fees paid for examining and auditing Accounts of Annuities granted Annis 1756 1758, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, Long Annuities, and

Consolidated £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, for One Year and Half to the 5th Day of January 1765; for Reduced Annuities, and £.4 perCent Annuities, granted Anno 1763, Two Years to the 5th Day of April 1765; and ptr Cent Annuities granted in lieu of Navy Bills, &V. per Act 30 Georgii 3lU, for Two Years to the 25th Day of March 1765 ——

By Ditto, to reimburse Fees paid for examining and auditing Accounts of Contributions for the Years 1763, 1765, 1766 IS 1767 - - . -

By Ditto, to reimburse Fees at the Treasury and-Exchequer on Warrants, Orders, &c. and for Fees and Charges in passing and proving Accounts of Contributions Annit 1763, 1765, 1766 1767; and for Fees at the Pipe Office, in obtaining

a Quietus for'4 Years, to the 5th Day of July 1763 -

By the Coinrr.issioners appointed for taking in Tiekets of the Lottery, granted by an Act 70 Gcoigii 3l‘l, and making out Certificates in lieu thereof, in Reward for their Labour, Pams, and Service -

By Samuel Wilson, Gent. Secretary to the Managers and Directors of the Lotter^, established by an Act 8° Georgii 3tU, towards defraying the incident F^xpences attending the said Lottery -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1768, of the Tax on Offices and Pensions, granted by an Act 310 Georgii 2dl, with a Moiety of £.93,217. 10/. i d. per Annum, charged on the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3111, for answering and paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five Millions, borrowed by virtue of ther said Act 310 Georgii 2*, for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said. Ait, in that Behalf - - - .

VO

O-

O

14,83s

400 — —

l,q02 IS —

1,600 -

1,000 —

aI>7>° 5 7s

VO

Februarii.

To replace to this Fund, the like Sum issued thereout, to discharge for One Year and a Quarter ended the 25th Day of December 1767, the Annuities after the Rate, of £.4 per Centum attending the Remainder of the Joint Stock established by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, which Hath been redeemed in purtuance of an Act made in the 7th Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and the Charges of Management during the said Term of the Annuities, payable by virtue of the said Act, made in the 3d Year of His present Majesty’s Reign - - 88,435 *9

To replace to this Fund, the like Sum issued thereout, to discharge from the 10th Day of October 1767 to the 5th Day of January following, the Annuities attending such Part of the Joint Stock established by an Act made in the 3d Year of His present *

Majesty’s Reign, for granting several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for raising the Sum of £. 3,500,000, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Dunes, as hath been redeemed in pursuance of an Act of the 7th Year of His present Majesty's Reign -.....- 8*7$° 0 0

209,589 *4

To Cacti brought to this Account from the Stamp Duties,’ granted and made payable in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, by an Act 50 Georgii 3d1, in further Part of £. 6,837. os. 7d.\ issued out of this Fund, to defray the necessary Expences towards carrying the said Act into Execution, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act, in that Behalf ----- - 1,000 o o

210,989 14 if

£. 3,028,684 10 of

t

D

CQ

N

CD

Q_

cr <

By Cash taken in further Part of £. 2*250,000 grahted out of this Fund towards the W

Supply of the Year 1768, pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3U1, in that Behalf - 1,465,323 5 9!

£. 3,028,684 10 0}

This being the Ninety-iecond Half-yearly Account made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii i®*, (Page 367) is humbly presented this 9th Day of February 1769, by me

Grey Cooper.

VO

O

Februarii. 1769.

9 Gjeo. III.

9° Februarii.

Distressed

Debtors.

Shawbury

&c.

Roads.

Sc ole Bridge Road.

Pen gate,

&c.

Roads.

Ordered, That the said Surplbfes do lie upon the Majesty, for amending the &oad froth Pengtite, to Table* to be perused by the Members of the House. chetts Bridge, and other Roads in the County of Wiilst

so far as relates to the Second Didrift of Road containe4 A Petition of the Prisoners Confined for Debt in the in the said Act* and for amending several other Roads*

Sheriff's Ward at Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, ( near adjoining to the said Roads i And the same Mas and the Stannary Prison at Loflwithiell, in the said received and read the First 'Time.

County, was presented to the House, and read Com- RThat the Bill be read a Second 'time, plaining of their Didress and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the A Message from the Lords* bjr Mr. tfolford and Mr*

Table. ' Pec hell

Mr. Speaker,

Mr. Gilbert reported froth the Committee* to whom The Lords have agreed to the till, Intituled, An Act Doveddge, the Petition of the Gentlemen* Freeholders, and ta empower the Right honourable Sir Henry others, residing near the Roads therein after menti- Baronet, to (hut up certain Roads, and a Foot Path* oned, was referred, That the Committee had examin- in the Parish of in the County of *

ed the Matter of the said Petition* and had direct- and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for ed him to report the fame* as it appeared to them, the future, a New Road and Foot Path* in lieu there* to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and of without any Amendment; afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where And then the Messengers withdrew, the same was read; and is as followeth viz, V,1

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr* Ordered, That all hdve' Voices, who come to the Leeds and Thomas Davis, being examined, said* That the Road Committee, to whom the petition of the several Gen* leading from Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Dray- tlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, residing ana ton, and from Shawbury aforesaid, to the Turnpike in and near the Market Towns of Leeds, Bradford,

Road in High Ere all', and from Shawbury to Hfem, and Bingley, and Settle, in the County of

from thence to Sand ford, in the said County, where it Torir, and the Town or Port of Liverpool, and the fe-'

meets the Turnpike Road between Newport and IVbit- veral Market TownS of Colne, Burnley, Chthero, *

church, are become very ruinous, and in many Places burnt Prefion, and in the County Palatine of

are very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be Lancafte, is referred.

effectually amended and widened by the Laws in

being. _ , A Message frotn the Lords, by Mr. Holfbrdnad Mr. Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. John Sparrow, being examined, gave the same Pec hell:

Evidence with respect to the Road leading from Dray- Mr. Speaker*

ton aforesaid, over Ashley 'Heath to Newcastle under The Lords do agree to a Conference with this Line, in the County of Stafford. Mouse, as desired and appoint the same presently*,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for in the Painted Chamber* repairing and widening the Road from the End of the And then the Messengei's withdrew.

Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to OrdThat the Managers, who managed the last Drayton in Hales, in the said County, and from thence Conference of the 16th Day of December last, do manage to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford; this Conference.

and from Shawbury aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road in Ordered, That the several Papers* communicated by High Ercall, in the said County of Salop;and from the Lords to this House, be re-delivered to the Lords Shawbury aforesaid, to Wem, in the said County, and at the Conference, together with the Resolution to from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sand ford, in the which the Lords desired the Concurrence of th’i9 said County; And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Cust, Mr. Bald- House. ‘ .

win, and Mr. Wrottesley, do prepare, and bring in, the Then the Karnes of the Managers were called overj fame. ' and they went to the Conference*

And being returned j

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others* Whose The Lord North reported, that the Managefs had Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the been at the Conference with the Lords, and left with House, and read } Setting forth* That the Petitioners their Lordships the several Papers communicated to observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented this House by the Lords* and had acquainted theif For a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Lordships, that this House had agreed to the Refo*

Ofmondifton, alias Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, lution to which their Lordships had desired the Con-to East Gate Bridge, in the Parish of Saint James, in the currence of this House*

Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk*

and that the Road from East Gate Bridge aforesaid, to The Lord Beaiichdmp reported froth the Committee, Birmingham the Place where the East Gate lately flood, in the Pa- to whom the Petition of the Committee of the Com- CanaL rish of Saint James, being about ioo Yards, is much pany of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Naviga-out of Repair* and it would be of great Benefit to tion* on Behalf of themselves and the other Proprie-Travellers if Provision was made in the proposed Bill tors, was referred, That the Committee hid examined for amending the said Road: And therefore praying* the Matter of the said Petition, and haddirested hirti That Provision may be made in the proposed Bill, for tb report the fame, as It appeared to them, to the House* amending and keeping the said last mentioned Road in and be read the Report in his Place and afterwards de-Repair. livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the read* and is as followeth viz.

Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

of several Noblemen, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present

Clergy, and others, residing in the County of Suffolk, Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut

whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And or Canal from Birmingham, to communicate with the

that they do examine the Matter of this Petition* and Rivers Se and was read wherein the Course

report the lame* as it shall appear to them, to the House. of the said Canal is described to be in the Counties of

Stafford and and,

Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Or- Mr. William Bentley, being examined, said, That ’ der, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, some small Tracts of Land, mentioned in the said Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late to be in the said Counties of Stafford and Warwick,

Vol. 32. 3D have

9° — 10° F

A. 1769.

have been since found to be in a detached Part of the County of Salop-, and the Wtfness said, That the Shares in the said Allotments to be in the Nature of real Estates, and all'o the dividing the same into Five tdundred and Fifty Shares, will be attended with Inconvenience: And,

Mr. Brindley, an Engineer, being examined, said,

That the Distance limited by the said Act for making Relcrvoirs, is too short for collecting a sufficient Quantity of Water for answering the Purposes of the said Navigation: And,

Mr. Bentley, being further examined, said, That by

the said Act, Vessels navigating upon the said Canal ate limited to their Length, Which has been found not to answer the Intent; and that some further Alterations are wanting in order to render the Ad effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or. Canal, from Birmingham to BUftone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and Trent; and for making Collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines; and to explain and amend the said Act: And that the Lord Beauchamp and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Charles Dingley, of Merchant, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vit.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That he bad known Mr. Dingley Thirty-eight Years; that he has carried on Trade with him as a Merchant; and that the said Mr. Dingley has, for several Years past, dealt very considerably in the Importation of Timber from different Parts of the World: And,

Mr. "James Stansfield, being examined, said, That he

was concerned in erecting Mr. s Saw Mill;

that it is built upon the Construction of those he has seen in Holland, but is much more useful; and that it

wiiT cut all Sorts of Timber, and for all Uses; and that it is situated upon Mr. Dingley'% Ellate at near to the River of Thames: Then,

Mr. Dingley produced to your Committee an Account of the Expence of first erecting the said Mill, amounting to the Sum of £.4,454. 2. 2.; and,

Mr. Christopher Richardson said, That in the Year 1765, Mr. Dingley imported into England a Quantity of Timber, which amounted to £. 38,700; and that Orders pretty near to that Amount have been continued ever since: That before Mr. Dingley erected the Saw Mill, Deals and Wainscot manufactured from Timber, were imported ready cut, which now are imported in Logs, and cut by the Mill; and that upon the known Usefulness of the said Mill, Mr. 'Dingley has given Orders for large Quantities of Timber to a considerable Amount; and that great Quantities of Deals have been supplied for His Majesty’s Use, manufactured by the said Mill, and greatly approved of.

Mr. John Barrow said, That he knows Mr. s

Saw Mill; that he has seen many of the Dutch Mills, but that this exceeds any he ever saw. — That it cuts better and finer; and that it works Thirty-six Saws at one Time.

Mr. Yeomans and Mr. Payne confirmed the above Evidence, with respect to the Utility of the said Mill; and Mr. Yeomans being asked. Whether he thought this Mill

would be an Advantage ? He said. All things of that Kind was for the public Good; but it does not employ so many Men.

18

And in order to shew the general Approbation the erecting the said Mill had received, Mr. Dingley produced to your Committee a Gold Medal, which was presented to him by the Society of Arts, as a Testimony of their Opinion of the Utility of the lame: And,

Mr. Richardson, being again examined, said. That he

was upon the Spot when the Mill was pulled down by the Rioters; that it could not be worked for Six Months; and that the flopping thereof was a great Detriment to Mr. Dingley, and a public Loss.

Mr. Joseph OJbaldeJion and Mr. James Stansfield, being severally examined, laid. That they saw the Mill just after it was damaged, and that it was rendered en* tirely useless from May to Christmas last: Then,

Mr. Thomas Francis, being examined, said. That Prosecutions were carried on against Two of the Persons concerned in the above Riot; that the Opinion of the Judges was, they did not come within the Meaning of any Act of Parliament, but as for a Misdemeanor: And,

Mr. Stansfield informed your Committee, That he had been employed in repairing the said Mill, and that the same is now substantially rebuilt, and in actual Use; an Account of the Expence whereof being produced to your Committee by Mr. Richardson, amounts to the Sum of £. 1,231. 12. 4. exclusive of all other Damages and Loss of Time.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Meflhge from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

I Pecbell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Resolutions and Address upon the American Papers.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable. Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Northampton.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded, and examined several other Witnesses, in order to prove Partiality in the Returning Officers.

And then the Counsel on both Sides Were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.be adjourned till Tuesday next. Twelve of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That Joseph Peach, George Batman, John Baker, Joseph Wills, and the several Persons who were Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Sepulchre, in the Town of Northampton, for the Years 1767 and 1768, do attend this House upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, io# di Februarii;

Anno 9* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1769. Prayers.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending for repairing and widening the several

Roads

American

Colonies,

Northampton

Elc&on.

Ditto;

Poole

&c.

Roads.

Geo. III. 10° Februarii. 105

Roads leading from Pool

lleth, Llanfyllin, and Llanfair, in the County of Montgomery; and alto the Road leading from Mardu, to join the Turnpike Road -leading from Shrewsbury to Pool-, and representing tc the House, that the Road leading from Llanfair, through Llangjniew Llanfanffraid

and Rhyd Meredydd to P or thy over Llan y

wel Bridge, to Bryny Groes, in the Parish of Llany Blod-wel aforesaid, is in many Places in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious, and 'cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the last mentioned Road, or that the Pe-tioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Black fry ars Sir Robert Ladbroke, reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition: and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; anil is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, of the 29th of his late Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River from Black Fryars, in

the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey: And also.

An Act of the 7th of His present Majesty, for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Fryars, in the City of London, to the ctppofite Side in the County of Surrey', and for other Purposes; weje read: And,

Mr. Robert Mylne said, That the Works of the said Bridge are so nearly finished that it is necessary to make a straight Road from the said Bridge, on the Surrey Side, Southwards' to the present Road across St.

Fields, between Symonel's Corner, and the Stones End, in Blackman Street', and from thence branching into Two Parts, the one leading to some Place at or near the Dog and Duck, and the other to Newington Butts:

That the City of London are willing to undertake fbe making this Road, if the Tolls now payable for the Passage over London and Black Fiyars Bridges, are continued for that Purpose.;

And the Witness apprehends the said intended Road may be lighted, watched, and kept in Repair, by a very small Toll.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Fryars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road, cross St. George's Fields , and from thence to some Place at or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey: and that Sir Robert broke, Mr. Alderman Crosby, Mr. Alderman Alderman Trecothick, and Mr. Alderman Beckford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bodmin, Mr. Hunt reported front the Committee, to whom the Roads Petition of the Mayor and Corporation of the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Lands, redding in or near, and travelling on, the Roads thereafter mentioned, in the County aforesaid, and of divers other Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the said County, whole. Names are there-Yol. 32.

unto subscribed, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 1 and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Humphrey Bishop, Esquire, and Mr. John being

examined, said, That the several Roads described in the Petition are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and subject to be overflown with Water, and that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall: And that Mr. Hunt, Mr. Alderman Crosby, and Mr. Laroche, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Harbord reported from the Committee, to whom Norwich the Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Merchants, to Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the City of Nor- Yarmouth wich; and also the Petition of the Magistrates, Gentle- Road, men. Merchants, Tradesmen, and others. Inhabitants of the Burgh of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, were severally referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the same as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,. Mir.

William Dewing being examined, said, That he knows the Road from the City of Norwich to the Borough of Great Yarmouth: That t-be same is ruinous, narrow, and, dangerous in many Places, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Road from Bishopsgate in the City

of Norwich, to the North Gates in the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk i And that Mr. Harbord, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edward Aflley, Mr. Charlts Townshend, Mr. Richard Walpole, and Mr. ,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Marsham reported from- the Committee, to whotp the Petition of the Mayors, jurats, and, principal 19- Road, habitants, of the Ring’s Town and Parish of Maidstone,

.and of the Borough of Quinborowt, in the County of Kent, and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, ai>d; Inhabitants, of the Tcnpn of Miltoy find and of other Parishes in the fa,m$ County, adjoining or near the ;High Road Jeading from i>la\dstone afar#-said through Debtling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden, and Bobbing, in the fan?e County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition}

- and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report ip his.

Place; *nd afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow -eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Hinde said, That he knows the Road mentioned in the Petition, which is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be - repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the repairing the same will be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring'in a Bill for repairing and widening t^eRoad from through

Debtling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Marsham, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. Gregory, da prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Pow- Hjylow Bulh ers granted by an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year c^.mon’

Road.

I o° Februarii. 17 69.

F the Reign of his late Majesty for repairing and widening the Road leading from a place Called J \ufk Common, in the Parish of in the County of

Bjfex, to Stump Croft, in the Parish of in the said County, was read the Third Time*

Refotved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powefs granted by an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow *

won, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great ,in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hartow Bush v A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, Common pgjfed in the Tenth Year of King George the First, and Woodford the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road. Road, from the North part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Maynard, Mr. Plumer,yScc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

WaTbmon Mr. George Brudenell reported from the Committee,

Inclosure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, in the Parish of in the County of

Sufex, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Patties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except 'Thomas Newman, who is confined to his Bed from his great Age, and not capable of giving his Consent, and whose Property in the said Parish is only Forty Shillings a Year); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions in certain Cafes.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrpffed.

Kingstm A Petition of the Mayor and Buigefles of the Town. P®n or Borough of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the Theatre. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that Joseph Baker and Tale k'tnfon, of the City of York, have petitioned for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent, to License a Play-house or Theatre in the said Town of upon Hull;and that the said Town is large, and full of Inhabitants; and that the Petitioners conceive, that a licensed Play-house, or Theatre, therein will be a great Emolument thereto: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Westminster Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Paving, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting

in' Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts therein mentioned; and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; 'and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Christophir Fowler, Treasurer to the said Commissioners, being examined, said. That the Commissioners find it impossible to proceed further in the Execution of the said Acts, on account of the Insufficiency of the Funds appropriated for those Purposes, and likewise lose a considerable annual Income by several Parishes having nominally lowered their Poors Rates: That the Rates are in many Parishes, very unequal; and he particularly mentioned the Parishes of Covent Garden and St. Martin's, the Books of which he had inspected; and he produced an Extract from the Books of St. to shew

the Decrrease of the Rate for Pavings whereby it appeared, that for Charing Cross, in the Year £. s. d.

1765, the Rate amounted to* — 346 6 o

In 1766 — - 170 10 o £. s. d.

-------- 75 16 o

For Cockspur Street, in 1763 — -156 7 6

1766 — 11614 o

-------- 39 13 6

For the Strand Part in 1765 — 757 16 o

1766 — 573, 1 6

— ------184 14 6

For Half-Moon Street, in 1763 — 29 14 o

1766 — *1 i# o

---------7 16 o

So that there hath been a Decrease of the 7

Paving Rate in the said Streets of — S 0

And the Witness further said, That several Parts of the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-Bon and Saint Pancras, which adjoin or lie near to the City and Liberty of

Westminster, and which are, or may be built upon, are not included in the Powers and srovisions of the said Acts; and that some further general Powers are necessary for completing the several Purposes of the said Acts:

Which latter Evidence was confirmed by several Members present at the Committee.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, accord- Birmingham ing to Order, a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, Canal, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Birmingham to , and

from thence to Autherly, there to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and Trent; and for making Collateral Cuts up to fe-vefed Coal Mines; and to explain and amend the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, that the Resolution of the Mr-Wilkes-' House of Friday last, relating to the Expulsion of John

Wilkes, Esquire, then a Member of this House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion

1

Call of the House.

Ways most Means.

Supply.

Poole

Election,

9 GEO.ni. to* Feb fun fit*toy

A Motion was made, and the QuelUon being proposed, That, as the- Resolution of this House by-which John Wilkes, Esquire, then a Mepiber of this House,

was-expelled, contains a Charge of accumulative Offences, the said Resolution shall not be ennfidered or used, as a Precedent for the future; .

An Amendment was proposed to bd ihade to the Question, by leaving, put the Wprd " accumulative,’^ and inserting the Word " many’* instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word "ac* cumulative" Hand Part of the Question;

Ic passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " many" beinferted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Main Question, so amended, being put, That, as the Resolution of this House by which John Wilkes, Esquire, then a Member of this House, was xpefled, contains a Charge of many Offences, the said Resolution- shall not be considered or used as a Precedent for the future; t It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight, the; 24th Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as do not then attend, be fe'nt for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, looming next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself itto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Ele&iqps, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Petition of Joseph Gulston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of

Dorset; together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in b^s Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read; and is as followeth ;' viz.

The CounfeJ for the Petitioner alledged that Mr. Mauger obtained his Seat by Briber)’; and, to prove it, called

John Green, who was Mayor of Poodle at the Time of the last Election; and he being asked by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, Jf he did not sign the Return of Mr. Manger and Colonel Calcraft ? he laid. He did.

Whereupon they objected to his further Exanjj-nation.

But the Committee being of Opinion, that his having ligned the Return was no Objection to his being examined;

He was again called in; and laid, That Mr was declared a Candidate for Pocle about July 1767; — -That about the 21 ft of December following he came to the Witness, and desired he would acquaint the Corporation of Poole, that if he was elected, he_would make them a present of /. 1000, to be applied to any pub-lie Uses — That the 5th of January he made the Witness another Visit, and asked him, If the next Day was not a Monthly Meeting? the Witness saying it was, Mr.

Mauger desired he would acquaint the Corporation with his Declaration And the next Day, being the 6th of Vol. 32.

January, the Witness acquainted the Corporation with what Mr. Mauger told him: — That there were about Thirty Persons present at that Meeting; and oh the 9th of the same Month Mr. Mauger called on him again* and thanked him for having made the Often

That the Witness was upon the Huftingsat the Time of the Election, when Mr. , an Attorney* made a Kind of Protest against Mr. and laid, that he

would hear of it again in another Place; — for Mr. Gtil-Jlonwould petition Parliament: And being asked the Question, he said* he did not remember Mr. Monger's dewing his having made the Offer of iboo.

.The Witness, being cross examined, said, That the Members chosen for the last Parliament for Poole, were old Mr.. Gulston and the present Colonel Calcraft That Mr. Mauger was a Candidate when Mr. *

Junior, was elected that the Majority was about Four or Fivethat-the Witness was then of the Corporation, but could not recoiled what the Majority was.

And being asked, If be remembers the Building the Town Hall at Poole, and at whole Expence? laid*. It was finished about Two Years ago; that the principal Part was at the Expence of the Corporation, and that Mr. Gulston made a Present of £.7 50 towards that Building: — That there is an Inscription upon a Stone in the Town Hall, signifying that Mr. Gulston, Junior* made a Present to the Corporation of of £. 750* in Gratitude for their having elected his Father a Member of Parliament: — That his First Conversation with. Mr. Mauger was the zift of December-, that he made a Memorandum of it in his Common Place Book: — That he thought there was no Harm in making the , Propofi-tion; — that he made it because Mr. Maugersolicited liim to do it.

And being asked, If, in the October preceding, he did. not propose this Offer to Mr. Mauger? he said. Never in his Life; — that he never thought of making such a Proposition.

That he has been several Times in Mr.

Company upon the Quay, but does not remember his then making any Proposals of giving /. 1000, nor to that ’ Effect: — And being asked, said, No one ever applied to him. to defili from making the Proposal.

And being asked,' If Alderman Hyde of Poole was Agent fqr either of the Candidates? he said, He never heard that he was, bqt believed he was acquainted with. Mr. Calcraft and Mr. Gulston.

And being asked. If any Friend of Mr. Gulston or ^Ax.Calcraft said they were ready to pay down the same Sum? he laid, He never heard any one say so: — that Mr. Hyde and several others were present at the making of the Proposal; — *-that he believed every one there could hear what he said, and that he could not say the Proposal was received with any degree of Indignation; — there, was a general Talk of it in the Town amongst the Neighbours and that he never heard of any Proposal but Mr. Mauger s for the/. 1000.

And being asked, Whether, upon the Hustings at the Time of the Election, it was not said by the other Two Canditates, that they would not make any Presents to the Corporation? — answered, That Mr. Calcraft and Mr- Gulston, after making a short Speech, said, they would not; — and he believes this was before the Sheriff made his Declaration.

And being again asked. If Mr. Mauger said the Mooney was to be applied to public Uses? he said, He did not; — that the Gentlemen present at the Monthly Meeting thought it a generous Offer, and nobody disapproved of it.

And being asked. If, upon his making the Propoli* lion for Mr. Mauger, he thought it influenced the Minds of the Corporation ? — he said, It was inpoflible for him to say that he had no Instruction to carry the Scnfe of the Persons present to Mr. Mauger, who did not alk the Witness how it was received, - but thanked bijn for communicating his Intention to the Corporation’s Good.

3 E And

Poole

Uc&HM.

tp8 10° Februarii. ' A. 1769,

And being asked, If* the Offer bad been carried into Execution ? — he said. He did not know, he never heard it had; — that Mr. Mauger was at several Times be-

tween that Time and the Election, and converted with him several Times, but not about the Offer: — That when he made the Offer, he did not think it an Act of Bribery; if he had, he would not have done itnor did he say any thing to Mr. Manger about the Charge laid by Mr. Oliver, as it could have answered no Purpose if he had; — and did not know whether the 1000hay been paid.

Arid being asked, Whether it could be paid in without his JCnowlege ? he said. No, not whilst he was Mayor; and he believed he should have known if it had been paid in; — believed it never w*s paid But he is now Senior Bailiff, and has nothing to do with the Corporation Chest.

‘And being asked. Whether Mr. Gulflon and Mr. Cater aft loft any Votes by not giving Money ? he said. No, he never heard so; — that he thought the Intention of the Money was for public Uses, under the Direction of the Corporation.

To confirm Mr. Green's Evidence with respect to the Offer of £. 1000 by Mr. Manger-,

Mr. Henry Anfien was examined, who said. He was present at the Corporation Meeting the 6th of January; he attended as Town Clerk:- — That when the Business was over, Mr. Green addressed himself to the Corporation, and said. He was authorized by Mr. Manger to offer, that if he had the Honour of being chose a Member he would give the Town £. 1000 for public Uses: — -That the Witness does not know how many People were present'That he was at the Hustings at the Poll when a Protest was made by Mr. and by Mr.

Oliver, his Agent, in Mr. Mange Presence and Hearing: And being asked. Whether Mr. denied the

Charge ? said, He did not recollect that he made any Answer at aH.

And being aiked, Whether the Proposition was received by the Corporation as any thing new or strange ? he said, It was thought by some a generous Offer That Mr. Oliver was not at that Meeting when the Proposition was made by Mr. GreenMr. Hydev/as, who said, he did not doubt but the other Candidates would do as much as any one; but that he had np Authority from them: — That he did not recollect the Words of Mr. Oliver's Protest at the Election, but the Purport was, that he protested against Mr. Mauger for offering Money to bribe the Corporation; — that Mr.

Gulflonprotefted first, and then Mr. , his Agent, made an Harangue upon itand neither Mr. Mauger nor any one else contradicted it.

And being asked, Whether he believed the Money was paid ? he said, He never heard: That Mr. Man-

gtr'% Offer was publicly talked of at Poole; and Mr.

Gulflon declared.upon the Hustings that he would petition Parliament. — And being asked. If he did recollect that Mr. Calerafi and Mr. Gulfton declared on the Day of Election, that they would not make any such Offer ?

' laid, He did not remember.

In order to confirm the Offer made to the Corporation, and to shew what Effect the Declaration tnade by Mr. Green, on Behalf of Mr. Manger, had on some of the Voters;

Robert Henning was examined, who being asked, Whether, at the Public Meeting of the Corporation, he heard any, and what Offer, made by Mr. Green on Behalf of Mr, Mauger ? — he said. He was there as a Burgess, and heard the Proposal made; — it was in January: — That Mr. Green said, he was desired by Mr. Mauger to acquaint the Corporation, that notwithstanding Private Expences, he would give £. 1000 for public Uses if he had the Honour to be chosen.

And being asked. What Effect the Offer had on the Persons present ? — He could not lay as to the Effect; --he could only answer, that at the Time of its being it- *

made, it met with pfitverlal Approbation ’That Mr*

Strong was there, and expressed great Satisfaction.

And being asked, What Declaration Mr. Strong made at the Meeting with regard to the Effect Mr. Green's Qffcr for Mr. Mauger had on his own Vote ? — he said. It was so long ago he might possibly make a Mistake, — he could not possibly express the Words; — and could only say, in general, that he expressed great Satisfaction, — and was very dear Mr. Strong expressed more particular Satisfaction than any other Burgess: — That Alderman Hyde was there, and spoke upon the Propo-lition; — And upon the Witness saying, it would be a Pity if the other Candidates could not reap the same Advantage from the like Offer, — Mr. Hyde said, there was no Doubt but they would be made acquainted with it, and that they would make an Offer of the like Kind.

He was then asked. Whether he heard Mr. Hyde say he had any Authority for what he before said ? he answered, He was very sure he had none: — That in 1765 Mr. Strong voted for Mr. Monger.

That Mr. Hyde wasaftive in the Interest oiMx.Calcraft and Mr. Gnl/lonthat the Witness did not understand that he had any Authority from them, but said, he did not doubt but they would do as much as the other Gentleman: — That the Satisfaction expressed at the Meeting was from the Declaration of Mr. Green the Mayorthat upon its being asked. If any Gentleman there had any Authority to make any Declaration for the other Candidates ? — Mr. Hyde said, He did not undertake to have any Authoritythat the Witness apprehended from his Answer that he had no Authority j if he had, he believed he would have spoke of it;- — that the Witness did not know such an Offer would have been made as was made by the Mayor; — that he never saw any such before, but ha$ heard there has been.

And being asked. What Effect Mr. Hyde's Declaration had ? — lie said, None upon him, nor did he perceive it had on any one else; — that he thought ic generous.

And being asked, Whether he ever heard any. one say Mr. Manger’s Offer was riot enough ? — the Answer

he made was. That he was^orry Money could induce any one to vote for a Member: — That nobody doubted the Payment of the Money, but it was never paid as he kqew of.

To prove that Mr. Mauger made the Offer to the Sheriff, who»was the Returning Officer;

Mr. George JVeflon was examined, who said. He was

an Alderman of Poole-That Mr. Budden, the Sheriff, and himself were walking the Quays, and Mr. Mauger came up, and said he would give 000 if he was chosen; — that he does not know what Time the Offer was made, but believes it a Month or Six Weeks before the Meeting in January: — That he was intimately acquainted with Mr. Monger a great many Years; that Mr. Mauger did not ask him for his Vote, because, as. the Witness supposed, he knew he was engaged another Way: — That Mr.0 Mauger spoke to the Sheriff as well as to the Witness that they were close together.

And being asked. What Answer the Sheriff made ? he said. None at all. — That the Town Hall at Poole was built when the Witness was Mayor; that he could not exactly remember the Expence; — that there is £. 760.14 s.owing from the Corporation on that Account.

And being asked, What other Debts are owing from , the Corporation — he said, The Whole is upward of £.2000.

And being asked. Whether the Corporation had taken into Consideration any Means to pay that Debt ? he said. He- did not fee he had any Occasion to answer that, — he did not think it a proper Question to answer.

And being again asked the Question ? — he said, He knew nothing of it, — he had heard nobody talk about it.

And

9 Geo. Ill* to° — i j° Februariu 199

And being asked, Why he then thought it improper Re/ ’that it is the-Opinion t>£ thi$ Committee Pool®

to answer the Question ? he said, Mr. Mauger offered That Joseph Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur-

£. loop, but the Corporation had no’t said much about gefs to lerve in this present Parliamentior the Town and it lately. County of the Town of PooU.

And then being al^ed» Why he did not ahfwet the Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committed Question ? — he said. When the Corporation want to That the Election of Manger, Esquire, to serve

paya Debt they make a Parcel of Burgesses, as a Burgess in this present Parliament fpf the Town and

That he did not know any one offered any thing County of the Town of Poult, is void, but Mr. Matter} and he declared, before the Witness A Motion was made, and the Question being pu^ and the Sheriff, that it was to help to pay the Corporation That the further Confederation of the said Report be Debt; — and that the Witness had no Con ver fat ion about adjourned, until the Report be received from, the Com-any other Money $ nor had he been at any Corporation mittee of Privileges and Editions, upon the Matter of Meeting. the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Thep the Counsel for the Sitting Member operted their same j and thereupon.

The Counsel for the Petitioner informed the CoflV. tnittee. That they did not contend that the Petitioner* Mr. QuIJIqk, ought to have been returned for Poole a?

the Pol] flood i but that Mr. ought not to fit;

and that they had only proceeded tp make it a void Election.

Then the Counsel for Mr. Maugtr proceeded to contradict the Evidence given by Mr. Green; and called

Timas Nicklejon, who said. That he is a Burgess of Poole, and was at the Monthly Meeting of the Corporation on the 6th Day of January last; — rthst Mr. Green, the then Mayor, mentioned something of Mr. Manger’s making a present to the Corporation} — rthat the Witness thought Mr. Green said, Mr. Manger would maHe the Corporation a Present of £. toooo towards fpme public Use.

And being asked, How the Proposition was received ? ^-he said. People 4>d not seem to say much about it, and took little Notice of itjr-that Robert Meaning, Alderman Strong, Alderman Hyde, and many others. Wore there; that fopn after the Mayor had made his Speech, Alderman Hyde got up and made his ;*^>that Hyde turned himself round, and said, " I don't doubt Mr. Mauger's Honour, but think, if the Money was

deposited it would be hetterand said, that he intended to write about it, and did pot doubt but Mr* GyJJlfn and Mr. Calcraft would dp the fame-that he undef-‘ Hood be meant to write to Mr. Gulfton and Mr. Calcrqft --that he always looked upon Alderman Hyde as Agent for them, — that he was One of their chief Managers.

And th? Counsel for the Sitting Member having like-wife proposed to offer Evidence to shew the whose Tran factions relative to the Election, and that £. 1500 were given by each of the other Candidates;

The Committee were of Opinion, that the Counsel for the Petitioner having only objected to the Election and Return of the Sitting Member, and npt contending that the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Poole*, the Counsel for the Sitting Member be restrained from offering any Evidence but in Support of the Election and Return of the Sitting Member,

The said Witness was again called in, and repeated what he said before with respect to Mr. Hyde, and added. That the Mayor was near enough to have heard what Hyde said, but the Witness could not answer for it that he did hear it; — that the Witness did not hear any on else say any thing to the Offer; — that he went tp thp Mayor, and desired the Offer might not bg made, tp . which the Mayor gave little or no Answer: — That tbp Witness did npt know that either the Mayor or Hyde had applied to him to propose the Depqfit; — but that Hyfle came to him in July, and proposed that the Members should deposit £. 1500 a-piece.

Then the Committee came to the following Resolu* tions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Jofiua Mauger, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Poole.

VOL1 j2*

thereunto subscribed* being Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorsety

It passed in the Negative.

The First of the said Resolutions being redd a Second Time j and thp Question being proppfpd to agree uptjs the Committee in the said Resolution 1

Mr. Mauger withdrew.

Then the Question being put, That the House dotji agree with the Committee in the fiud Rpfpjution y

The House divided.

The Noes went forth,

Tdl«. for th. ¥c»,pjrr; } 87-

J 3*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Resolutions being fever&lly read a.

Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.’

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffufc his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Pfale, in the County of Dctjet, in the room of Jq/hw Mauger, Esquire, whose Election has been declared void.

The othpr Order of the Day being read y

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bramber Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the EkSion. Borough of Bramber, in the County of Stf/fa, be re-payed upon 7 vtfdayMorning next.

And then the House adjourned tift . Morning next, Nine of the Clock,

Lutue) 13* die Februarii 5

Anno 90 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Ptngate, the Borough of West bury, in the County of y *« and the Trustpps of the First District of the Roads com- ^ou* prised in an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Pen~ gate, in the Parish of West bury, in the County of Wilts, to Hatckft's Bridge, near the East End of Market -

vington, and other Roads therein mentioned; and of the Justices of the Peace, and several other Gentlemen,

Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Wilts* whose Names are thereunto subscribed; Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have seen, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for a Bill for enlarging the Term and Power of the said Act, with respect to the Second Distrijfl, and for repairing other Roads in the said Petition mentioned; and that the Petitioners, the Trustees of the said F;rf^ District, have proceeded in

1

Pcngtte®

Sfc.

Roads.

206 13* Februarii. A. 1769,

the Execution of so much of the said Act as relates to House, That, by virtue of ah AA passed in the 26th . the said First District, arid made great Progress in Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the amending the several Roads comprised therein, and for Road from the West End of Seend Street, in the County that Purpose have been obliged to borrow £. 2,100 on of Wilts, through Melksham and Atworth, to the Horse the Credit of the Tolls, which, with the Interest, cannot and Jockey in the Parish of Box, in the said County, be repaid, and the said Roads be amended and kept in Power is given to ereA Turnpikes upon any Parts of the 'Repair, without an Enlargement of the Term and said Roads, except upon the said Roads bitween the Powers of the said Act; and that the Road leading from Road leading to Simmington or Swinton; and a House, the Turnpike Road at Bolejborough, to the Turnpike called Praters or , except Two Side Gates, the

Road in or near Chitteren, and from the Turnpike Road One at the Lane leading to Melksham Forest, and thd between the Direction Post and the Two MileStone, other to notwithstanding which Pro-

on Salisbury Plain, leading down Bratton Hill, through hibition or Restraint, the Melksham Trustees have erected Bratton aforesaid, to the Tilrnpike Road near Kay down, a Gate between that Turnpike Road and Simmington and from the Turnpike Road at Charljord Bridge, in the aforesaid, which stands upon and across the West bury Parish of Westbury, to the Turnpike Road at Madbroke, Turnpike Road abovementioned, at which the Melksham in the same Parish, all in the County of Wilts, adjoin- Gate Keeper colleAs about £.50 a Year, which, the ing to, the First District of Road, are in a ruinous Con- Petitioners conceive, is a great Oppression, not only upon dition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually them, but the Public in general, by being subject to the ‘repaired without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore Payment of Tolls at a Gate from which they derive praying. That Leave maybe given to make Provision in no Benefit in the Repair of that Road; and that the the said Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the Petitioners have been informed that the Yearly Re-said Act with respect to the said First District, and for venue of the Melksham Tolls amounts to near £. 700; repairing the several new or additional Roads above- and that the whole Extent of their Road is no more mentioned, and for such other Relief in the Premises as than Eight Miles and a Half; so that the Petitioners are the House shall think proper. of opinion, that so large an Annual Sum collected is.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- with the Proportion of Statute Labour, sufficient for the iideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Support of such Road, and for defraying the other Pur-the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall poles of that AA without the Advantage of ereAing or appear to them, to the House: continuing any Turnpike, and receiving Tolls upon that

And it is referred to Mr. Blackstone, Mr . Honey-Part of Westbury Road: And therefore praying the House wood, See.! And they are to meet this Afternoon, at to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Relief in the several Matters aforesaid, as to the House have Power to Tend for Persons, Papers, and Re- shall appear just and reasonable.

Cords. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

1 Consideration of the Committee, to whom the preceding A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Petition is referred: And that they do examine the of the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts; Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall of the Inhabitants of Simmitigtoh, in the said County; appear to them, to the House. and of the Justices of the Peace, and several other Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, Freeholders, and Inhabitants A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- CuWinetoa of the same County, whole Names are thereunder written; mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Inclosoe*-was presented to the House, and read; A lfo taking Notice 'Common and Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish, of the said Application; arid setting forth, That the Liberties, or PrecinAs of Cublington, in the County of ’ Road leading from Yarnbrook, dp West Ashton Hill, to Buckingham, was read a Second Time, the Turnpike Road in Melksham, is Part of the Westbury Rcfo that the Bill be committed to Mr. , Turnpike Road, being upwards of Five Miles, which SirCharles Whitworth &c.: And they are to meet this had been widened and Ihorlened by making a new ‘Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Road through some Pasture and Meadow Lands, and a Chamber, large Wood, and upwards of £. 600 has been expended.

on the said Road; but that the Westbury Trustees cannot . Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Vanftttart, and Mr. Bedford complete the same without some Increase of Tolls, Page, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to nanty*. which mjgbt be obtained, as the; Petitioners.apprehend, prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repealing an Act, made with little or no Inconvenience to the Trustees of the in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Trozvbridge Turnpike, if Provision was made for re- intituled, An Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses, ex-moving the Gate- at the Ctofs-Ways near Simmington, set tending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the up by the Trowbridge Commissioners, and ereAing such Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Gate again on some Part of their Road between the Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Be-fame Cross-Ways and Hilperton, or between that Place nefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity of the and the Town of Trowbridge, as the Simmington Gate Town of '; and for the better Management and now stands upon and across the Westbuty Road, and the -Distribution of the said Charity.

-Exemption with respect to Travelling between Wiftbury

and Melksham, and Melkfkbm and Westbury, granted by A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields Markfi«ki ( the said Act of the 31st Year of his late Majesty, and within the Lordship or Liberty of Markfield, in the Inclosure* also continued in the Trowbridge AA of the 8th Year of County of Leicester, and the Common Ground there.

His present Majesty, is-so very inconsiderable that it is lying within the Ring or Boundaries of the same Fields, not near sufficient to pay the Interest of such Monies as or adjoining thereto, was read a Second Time, are already borrowed and laid out; and more Money still Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. y necessary to be taken up, to perfeA the Repairs of such Mr. St. Leger,: And they are to meet this Af-

Road; and therefore the Petitioners hope. That, for the ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Benefit of the 1 nhabitants of the Country, the House will Chamber.

'admit of aClause or Clauses, for removing the Simmington

-Turnpike from off the Westbury Road; and to impower A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, the Westbury Trustees to let up a Gate between the fame paflwi in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Road, Crols-Waysand the Extent of their Road in the Town of Majesty, for amending the Road from to

Melksham, which the W eftbury Trustees are by this present Latchetts Bridge, and other Roads in the County of

AA restrained from doing; and representing to the Wills, so far as relates to the Second District of Road . contained

Geo. III. 130 — i40 Feb 201

contained in the said Act; and for amending several other Roads near adjoining to the said Roads; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. dale, Mr. Fuller,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Elvington A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Inclosure. Meadows, Ings, and Common Lands, within the Parish of Elvingtod, in the East Riding of the County of,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved,.That the Bill be committed to Mr. Weddell, Lord Brownlow Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

American His Majesty hath appointed this Day, at Two of the

Colonies. Clock, to be attended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament, at His. Palace of Saint James; and the Lords intend to be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Quiet of the Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Subjects. night, resolve itself into -a. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 2ift Year of the Reign of Kiflg James the First, intituled, an Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever.

Land Tax. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 14° Februarii;

Anno 9® Georgii Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

Gainfcurgh rV ''HE House was moved, that the Petition of the Paving. several Merchants, Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of , in the County of

Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whickcot, Mr. Burrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Scole Bridge Sir Charles Bunhury reported from the Committee, to Road. Vol. 32.

whom the Petition of several Noblemen, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, residing in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, "and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he-read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered , it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr.

Henry Brown, being examined, said, That the Roads

mentioned in the said Petitions are in a bad Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Thomas Slapp.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge, to the Place where the East Gate lately flood, in the Town of Bury, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Harbord, Sir Charles Davert, and Mr.

Plumer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Harbord reported from the Committee, to whom Norwich the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, , *°

Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, residing Sco^0j^ in the County of Norfolk, and City and County of the City of Norwich, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as tolloweth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Worth, being examined, said, That the Road

leading from the City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Courl'e of Law.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk: And that Mr. Harbord, Sir Edward AJlley, Sir Charles Bunbury,

Sir John Rous, Mr. Bacon, and Mr. De Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the more effectual draining, embanking, Doddington, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds &c: in the Hamlet of Wimbling/on, in the Parish of Dod- „ ran,aSe*

dinglon, and in the Parish of Chatterifs, within the Me of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Kynaston, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Commissioners appointed to put in Whitechapel Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Streets. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of St. Botolph, Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East in

the Precinct of St. Catharine-, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and of several other Inhabitants, and Owners of Houses, and other Premises, within the above District; was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, that a Bill is depending in this House, for paving such Parts of the Parish of St. Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, and

3 F the

202

140 Februarii. 1769.

the Precinct. of Well Close, as lie in the County of Middlesex, and Liberty of the Tower of and Parts of

certain Streets adjoining to the said Parish and Precinct, and opening such Passages as are therein mentioned, whereby it is proposed, that, in Aid of the Money to be collected by the Rates and Assessments proposed to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid, to fct up Gates or Turnpikes across White Chapel High , and other Places, and take Tolls thereat; and that it is further proposed, by the said Bill, to raise a Toll from Hay and Straw brought into the said Parish of St. Mary White Chapelt to be sold, on the usual Market Days there; and that, in pursuance of the said Act for paving the Streets in the said Parish of St. Botolph a Rate or

Assessment of Two Shillings in the Pound hath been laid upon the Occupiers of Houses, and other Premises, within the Distriftaforesaid; but which hath been found to be greatly inefficient for the Purposes of the said Act; and several of the Streets (till remaining unpaved, a Petition hath been lately preferred to this House for a Bill for enlarging the Powers of the said Act, so as to enable the Petitioners, the said Commissioners, to raise Money by some higher or further Rates, which in the End will be found very burthensome to the Inhabitants within the said District; and that the Pavements made, and to be made, in pursuance of the said Act, will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of such Parts of the said Parish of St. Mary White Chapelt and Streets adjoining, as are comprised in the said Bill; and that the Petitioners, having no other Market to resort to for Hay than that at White Chapelt will greatly contribute towards the Tolls proposed to be raised by the said Bill; the Consumption of Hay within the said Parish of St. Botolph Aldgatet by reason of the many Wharfs and Brewhouses within the same, being very considerable; and the Petitioners will likewise bear a considerable Part of the Tolls to be raised by the Gates by the said Act proposed, as they will be under an indispensable Necessity of daily passing the said Turnpikes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for appropriating such Part of the Tolls thereby proposed to be raised, in Ease of the Petitioners, and other the Inhabitants of the Streets and other Places comprised in the said Act, as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr.

Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Birmingham A Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Birmingham to Biland from thence to therly, there to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and Trent; and for making Collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines; and to explain and amend the said Act; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Beauchamp, Mr, Conway, dec.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Highedge Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac-

Inctoiure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing that

Part or Share of Belper Ward, which belongeth to Highedge, in the County of Derby: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

18

A Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from Pool, Llanidloes, Newtown,

Llanfyllin, and Llanfair, in the County of Montgomery;

and atfo the Road leading from Mardu, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to Pool; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read t the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Francis Chambre, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road from Llanfair, through Uangyniew, Llanfan-

ffraid, and Rhyd Meredydd, to Por thy Waen, over Llany Blodwel Bridge, to Bryn y Gro in the Parish of Llany Blodwel, is in many Places in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. John Evans confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from Pool, Llanidloes, Newtown, Machynlleth, Llanfyllin and Llanfair, in the County of

mery \; and also the Road leading from Mardu, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to Pool; i9 committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road leading from,

through Llangyniew, Myfod, Fraid, and Rhyd

Meredydd, to Porthy Waen, over Llany Blodzvel Bridge,

to Bryn y Groes, in the Parish of Uan y Blodwel aforesaid.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Landholders, Farmers, Tradesmen, and others, inhabiting in the Neighbourhood of the Road leading from the Pool Turnpike Road, in the Township of Garth, in the County of Montgomery, through Pentre Biarth, over Pontr Sconrid Bridge, to Coederley, through Llanvyllin, to Milltyr Cerrig, the Road leading from Newtown to Macchynlleth, the Road leading from Newtown to Bishop's Mote, the Road leading from Llanidloes to Machynlleth,\n the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is depending in the House for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from Pool, Llanidloes, Newtown, and other Places, in the County of Montgomery; and that the Petitioners apprehend it is intended, by the said Bill, to erect Turnpikes and take Tolls on the above-mentioned Roads, from Garth to Coederley, through Llanvyllin, to Milltyr Cerrig, from Newtown to Machynlleth, from Nevutown to The Bishop's Mote, and from Machynlleth to

Llanidloes; which will be of no public Benefit, the fame, or the greatest Part thereof, being already in good Repair; and that the greatest Part of the Expence mull fall upon the Inhabitants living near the said Road, which consists chiefly of small Farmers, renting from Ten to Thirty Pounds a Year only; and that the said Roads being made Turnpike will be particularly oppressive to the lower Class of People: And therefore praying. That the said Roads may be left out of the said Bill depending; or that they may be heard by their Counsel, and have such oilier Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing

Pool, Sec. Roads.

Ditto*

DittaC

Payne*

Name*

Rochester and Stroud Streets, &c.

3

Wood'll

Name.

9 Geo. III. 140 Februarii. 203

pairing and widening the several Roads leading from Pool, Llanidloes, Newtown, M, and Llanfair, in the County of Montgomery; and also the Road leading from Mardu, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to Pool; is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the famej without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Laughton* Fields, Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the*en^Mor-several Manors and Lordships of L- InJJ"urc#

and Slade Hooton,-in the Parish of L

in the West Riding of the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Stephen Payne, Esquire, and his Issue, to take, Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Shawbury;

use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Gallway, pur- Order, a Bill for repairing and Widening the Road suant to the Will of Tobias Wall Gallway, Esquire, from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in deceased, was read the First Time. the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. County, and from thence to Under Line, in

the County of Stafford; and from Shawbury aforesaid,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants, to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County or Common Council, of the City of Rochester, in the of Salop; and from Shawbury aforesaid, to Wem, in the County of Kent, in Common Council assembled; and of said County, and from therice to the Turnpike Road in the Proprietors, Landholders, and Householders, of the Sand ford, in the said County: And the same was receiv-Lands, Houses, and Estates, of and within the Parish of ed; and read the First Time.

St. Nicholas, within the City of and of the

Town of Strood, within and without the Liberties of the same City, and also the Parishioners thereof; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it appearing from the Printed Votes of the House, that a Petition has been presented, for a Bill for paving and lighting the High Streets of Rochester and Strood, and other Purposes; and that the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at such aq Application, signed by a very incdnfidefable Number of Proprietors, Householders, and Parishioners of Property, within the said Parish of St. Nicholas, and Town of Strood, of which Number many will be no Way contributory, their Residence being within the Precincts of the Cathe- " dral Church of Rochester, subject to no Parish Rates or Duties; and others not residing, or having any Property in, or Parishioners of, either of the said petitioning Parishes, without maturely considering of the Mode of executing and performing the fame, and how and in what Manner the Monies are tobe raised to defray the Expences thereof; and that the Petitioners are greatly desirous to pave and enlighten their said High Streets, and make any commodious Improvements therein, for the Public Utility, and Accommodation of Travellers, so as the Expences attending the same be not too great a Burthen and Oppression to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That the House will postpone the bringing in any Bill, or passing any JLaw, for the Purposes set forth in the above-mentioned Petition, until the next Session of Parliament, that the Petitioners may have due Time maturely to consider of the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of the Parishioners of St: Nicholas, within the City of Rochester, and also of the Town of Strood, within and without the Liberties of the lime City, is referred.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Reverend John Wood, his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Davies, in Pursuance of the Will of the Reverend JOhn Davies, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, Vol. 32.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Edward Lastelles presented to the House, ac- Naffertori cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosirtg several Inclosur*. Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds within the Parish of in the East

Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gordon reported from the Committee, to whom Rochester the Petition of the Parishioners of St. Nicholas, within and the City of Rochester, and also of the Town of Strood, Strood within and without the Liberties of the same City, was Streets’&c* referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. '

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Whitehead, being examined, said, That Rochester and Strood are very great Thoroughfares to and from Dover; that the High Streets and Lanes of the said City and Town are very narrow, and that frequent Obstructions and Annoyances happen therein; that the said Streets and Lanes are ill paved, lighted, watched, and cleansed; and it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants if the same were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched.

That if a new Road was made through Starr Lane, across the Fields and Grounds there, leading to Chatham 'Hill, it would be a great Convenience to Travellers, which may be done at the Expence of £. 1,500: And the

Witness said most of the Land Owners are desirous that such Road may be made.

Several Members present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Rice, from the Commissioners for Trade ant} American Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Colonies. Command, "

Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Scotia, for the Year 1769: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, irom the 24th of June 1763, to the 24th of June 1769: And also,

Estimate

'204

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences

attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1768, to the 24th of June 1769: And alf<2,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1768, to the 24th of June 1769: And also, *

j4, 1769.

Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North , for the

Year 1769.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

140 Felru.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of

Nova Scotia, for the Year 1769.

To an additional Salary to the Governor -

To a Salary to the Chief Justice - -

To a Salary to the Attorney General -

To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himself and Clerk - . - -

To an Allowance to the Naval Officer ——

To an Allowance to the Register -

To an-Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expences attending that Establishment ——

To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council - -

To the Hire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent to the Ministers and Schoolmasters in the different Distri&sof the Province ——

To an Allowance for Fire Wood for the Use of the Governor’s House, and Public Offices To the Expence of a Pilot Boat -

To the Salary of the Agent ——

To the Salary of the Treasurer -

To the Expence of the Orphan House - - - .

To'Allowances to.Mrs. How, and to sundry Persons, who, after long and meritorious Services, are left destitute, under Age and Infirmity, by the Discontinuance of sundry Establishments heretofore maintained at the Public Charge - -

To an Allowance for a Magistrate in the Island of Breton - -

To an Allowance for a Priest to the 'Mictnac Indians, pursuant to a Treaty in 1761, being an Allowance heretofore paid out of the Contingencies for which no Provision is made in this Estimate ——

To an Allowance upon Account for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Estimate - _ -

500

500

100

262

182

182

321

96

5*

440

288

203

200

5°

384

3"

100

d.

10 — 10 — 10 —

*5 —

12 — 6 —

*5

1

*7

100----

100

4*375 *7 *

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of , and other incidental Expences

attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1768 to the 24th June 1769.

To the Salary of the Governor .* -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - -

To the Salary of the Secretary - - - . - -

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Assembly To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

To the Salary of the Attorney General - -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal.....- -

To an Allowance for a Ministerof the Church of England, and Two Schoolmasters To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony r - -

To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and Sufficient Elands - - - - .- - -

To an Allowance for. contingent Expences - -

To an Allowance for the Encouragement of the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk

L s. d. 1,000 — —

COO —

100----

20-----

ISO----

roo----

5°-----

100 — —

116----

200 — -

50-----

5°0-----

IOO —

ESTIMATE

c

9 Geo. III.

14° Februarii.

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of Fajl Florida, and other Incidental Expences attending the fame* from the of June 1768 to the 24th of June 1769.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - - - *

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - -

To the Salary of the Attorney General - - * - - *.

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council - - - >

To the Salary of the Register - - - - *. - _ *

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands To an Allowance for an Assistant -To the Salary of the Agent

To a Minister at St. Augustine« - - _ . „

To a Minister at St. Mark's - - - a *

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, £. 45. each ....

Toa n Allowance for a Pilot established at St. Augustine - ' . - a a

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences - - «,

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods, for Presents to the Indians -To an Allowance for the Encouragement of Vines, Silk, and other beneficial Articles of Culture - - -

c

1,200

50 o'

*5°

*5°

100

120

3® 200 IOO IOO

S°

5°

500

1,000

500 — — i

------- T-l

4»75° —

E S T IM A T E of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of ffeJl , and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1768 to 24th of June 1769.

‘To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - - - - .

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - - - . - - .

To the Salary of the Attorney General - _ -

To the Salary of the Secretary of the Council -

To the Salary of the Register - - . - - - . _ .

To the Surveyor of Lands - -

To an Allowance to an Assistant

To the Salary of the Agent - -

To the Salary of a Minister at Pensacola - - - - . ' - -

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile - - - . ’ - - - ’ -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at 25. each - - - .

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal - -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences - - . - .

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods, for Presents to the Indians -

c

1,200

500

I5°

*5°

too

120

3°

200

100

IOO

50

IOO

J,0oo

1,000

S. di

4,860 —

1 r=.....faaaasa a 1 gtaaea r -11 a 1 -

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North,

for the Year 1769.

To an Allowance for a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at Quebec, during the Time the Chief Surveyor is employed in making Surveys in other Parts of the Northern District - -

To a Deputy Surveyor at ioj. per Day, and to Two Assistant Surveyors at 7 per Day each To one Draftsman, at 5J. per Day - -

To an additional Pay of is, id per Day to One Serjeant, Day to One Corporal, and

6d. per Day to Twelve Private Men, to assist in such Survey, and to serve as Camp, Colour, and Chain Men, and to make Signals along Shore* and on the Tops of the Mountains.

To extraordinary Expences for Horses, Guides, 5*. - -

To Expences and Allowances for the Survey of the Southern District upon the same Plan -To an Allowance upon Account of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the IiTue of the Monies granted upon this Estimate - - - -

£. s. d.

100 — — -

438-----

9i 5

*55 2 — 100 — —

700 17 T-200 — —

*»785 4 —

Vol. 32.

3 0

Ordered*

20 6

14° Februariu

A.x'jSy.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr*

Peehell:

Mr. Speaker,

Marlborouglf The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ,&c* Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed

Roads. in the Sixteenth'Year of King George the Second, for

repairing the Roads from Marlborough to Shard,

and from Beckkampton to the Top of Cherill Hill, and from Avebury to Beckhumptott, in the County of Wilts j and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wronghton, and from the North Side of Swindon to The Carpenter's Arms in Blmfden, in 'The said County-; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from -worth Grefs, to the Road leading from Seal to Wrelham Heath; and also the said Road born opposite the House of William BaUjon, Esquire, to Hadlow Street, in the County of Kent without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hilborowe, in the County of , without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, a Minor, to make a Settlement on his intended Marriage with the Lady Henrietta Somerset; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecond Time.

Montrose Mr. Lyon presented to the House according to Order, Two Pennies a Bill for continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year Scots. of King George the First, and in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Sro/r, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling upon every Pint of

Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within she

Town of Montrose and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was 'received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St. Botolph Mr. Serjeant Glynn reported from the Committee, to tec.F whom the Petition of the Commissioners nominated and (London) appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the

Paving. Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

paving the Streets and other Places, in that Part of the Parish ;of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, which liesin-the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street, called,

in the Precinct of Saint Catherine, and for deanfing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and also the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Wing Freeholders and Occupiers of Houses, and other Premises, within she above District; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j. and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as fol-"Ioweth; biz.

To prove the" Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And Mr. Jasper Clarke, and Mr.

John Trelawney, being examined, said, That the Commissioners have; proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed f. 4,500 upon Annuities for Xives, whidh, together with the Rates and Duties by ’the foid-Act given, have been duly applied, yet the same have been found insufficient to answer all the Purposes 18

of the Act, and there are several Streets yet unpaved that Persons frequently remove out of the Parish, and thereby evade the Payment of the Rates j that if Power was given to collect the Rates Quarterly, instead of Half Yearly, it would be advantageous; and that the said Act is defective in other Particulars: And further said, That if the several other Streets witVm the said District were paved it would be of public Utility} but that the same cannot be done unlefo a small Rate be laid upon the Owners of Estates within the said Parish, which would be a Means ef rendering effectual the Purposes of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill amend; and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of St. Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of MuUUeJex, and Part of a Street called Eojl

Smithfield, in the Precinct of St. Catherines and for deanfing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Serjeant Glynn and Mr. do prepare, and.

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Elizabeth Rogers, Impropriator of the Great Tythes, and Owner of Lands, in the Manor of Saint Katharine End, in the Parish of Ryjlip, in the County of Middlesex, in Behalf of herself and several others. Freeholders and Copyhold Tenants of the said Manor and Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the House, for inclosing and dividing several Wood? and Wood-lands, and a certain Close, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within The said Manor; and that, if the said Bill should pals into a Law, it would manifesty tend to the Injury of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Freeholders and Copyhold Tenants of the said Manor and Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill: and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition Ido lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Parsons, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce Of the American Duties, imposed by the Acts of Fourth and Sixth of George Hid, from the Commencement of each Duty, to 7th September 1767, for the Continent, and for the West Indian Islands, as far as the Accounts are received; together with the Payments made by each Colony, and all Charges and Contingencies attending the Collection and Remittance of the said Duties: To which is annexed an Account of the Produce of the Duties imposed by Seventh of His Majesty, la the ftlands, so for as the Accounts are received: And also,

An Account of the Monies that have arilen, by virtue of an Act, made in the Seventh Year o the Third for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the railing and drafting of Hemp and Flax.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the fold Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The

Rrflip

Iudofure.

Accounts presented; CuAoms.

9 Geo. III. 14° FebruariL, 207

The said Accounts afe pteferVed amarigft' the other Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Papers of this Session. Borough of Northampton j

It paired in thp Negative.

Ov'T.rte Sir Thomas Clavtring presented to the House, afc*- That Sir George Bridget Rodney is duly

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Moor, or Common, called CrOfrate Moot, in the Parish the Borough of Northampton.

of St.Ofwa/d, in the County Palatine of Durham; and That the Honourable Thomas is duly

for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain In^ elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for

ciofed Intercommon Lands there: And the lathe was the said Borough.

received; and read the First Time. That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do

Rtjotved, That the Bill he rear! a. Second Tim*, attend this House immediately, to amend the Return

for the said Borough, by rafing out the Name of Sir AnfVer to Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that both Houses Baronet, and inferring the Name of the

AdciMs; attended His Majesty Yesterday with their Address; to Honourable Thomas Howe instead therepf.

CoiTultal. which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, accord*

Answer: ing to Order, amended the said Return.

My Lords, and Gentlemen, Notice being taken, thit His Majesty’s Interest is Mancheftet

The sincere Satisfaction you express in the Meifures concerned in the Bill to enable Edward , Esquire, **

which I have already taken, and the strong Assurances to complete a Building, intended for a new Church, ip you give of supporting Me in those which may be still the Town of Manchester, and for making the same a nccenary to maintain the just. Legislative Authority, perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for other Purposes $ and the due Execution of the Laws, in My Province of which Bill was upon Tuesday last read a Second Time, Massachusets Bay, give Me great Pleasure. and committed;

I shall not fail to give those Orders, which you re- The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-commend as the most effectual Method of bringing the quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been Authors of the late unhappy Disorders in that Province informed of the Puiport of the said Bill, gives His to condign Punishment. ’ Content, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think St. Ives Ordered, That James Johnstone, Esquire,7 have Leave fit.

Elc&ion. to withdraw his Piet it ion, complaining of an undue

Election and Return for the Borough of St. Ives, in the Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is £lv!ngto* County of Cornwall. _ _ concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- IncUmire.-

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and tain Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, and Common Lands,

Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Mat- within the Parish of Elvington, in the East Riding of ter of the said Petition. the County of York-, which Bill was Yesterday read a

Second Time, and committed}

Ljmingtoa The House being informed, by One of their Mem- The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-Writ, -hers, that Adam Drummond, Esquire, being detained by quainted the House, that4 His Majesty, having been Jllness from attending the Service of the House, had informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His authorized him to acquaint-the House, that he, the said Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concern- Mr. Drummond, being eleCked a Burgess to serve in ed, that the House may do therein, as they shall think (this present Parliament for the Borough of Lymington, fit. in the County of Southampton -, and also a Burgess for the Borough of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall\The House being informed, that Mr. Se- East Indie

makes his Election to serve for the said Borough of St. cretary to the United Company of Merchants, trading Affair*. Ives-, to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was call-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ed in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-

-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for suant tp their Orders,

the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- N° 1. Copy of a Treaty entered into by the Nabqb ment for the Borough of Lymington, in the County Nizam Ally Soubahdar of the Decan, with the

ot Southampton, in the room of the said Adam Drummond, India Company> on the 12th of November

Esquire. / 1766: And also,

N* e! Copy of the Consultations of the Governor Northampton The Order of the Day being read, for the further and Council at Fort St. George, on the 2 ift of Election. Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable 1768; containing. Copy of a Treaty entered into by Thomas Howe, complaining of an undue Election and the Nabob Nizam Ally Cawn, Soubahdar of the Decan,

0 Return for the Borough of Northampton 5 with the Company, on the 43d of

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the February 1768; with the Observations of the said

-Matter of the said Petition. -Governor and Council on the same; and Copies of few

And the Counsel were called in veral Grants from the said Nabob, mentioned in the said

And the Counsel for the Petitioner proposing to Treaty: And also, ’

disqualify so many Persons who voted for the Sitting N° 3. Copies of Letters to the Company,

Members as would leave a Majority for the Peti- from their Servants at Fort St. George, relative to all rioner; Treaties made with, and.Grants received from, any of

One of the Counsel for the Sitting Members in- the Country Powers in subsequent to those which -formed the House, that he had Authority from Sir were laid before the Honourable House of Commons in George Osborn, Baronet, One of the Sitting Mem- the Year 1767: And also, ' ‘

bers, to admit that the Majority of legal Votes was N*4.. Extracts of Letters from the iVw.Com-

for Sir George Bridges Rodney and the Petitioner; and pany to their Servants at Fort St. George, relative.to 3II that he desired not to give the House any further Treaties made with, and Grants received from, any of Trouble. the Country Pdtars in India, subsequent to those laid

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to before the Honourable House of Commons in the Year withdraw. *767; to which is annexed, ,a Letter from the Cora-

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pany40 the Nabob Serajah Doivla, Soubahdar of the

put. That Sir George Osborn, Baronet, is duly clected Carnatic Payen Gate: And also,

Vol. 32. N° 5. Copy

Ponte frafk ElcAioiu

fihrewlbury

Election.

Carmarthen

Election.

WestmoreUai

Election.

ao8 14° Februa* 1769.

N° 5. Copy 0^the Treaty and Agreement made be* tween the Governor and Council of William and the Nabob Syef ul Dtwla, Nazim of Bengal, ice. on

the 19th of May 1766:, And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Treaty proposed to be entered into* between the Nabob Syef ul Nazim of Bengal,

&c. and Malta Raja Janoojee, Chief of the for the Cession of the Province of ,&c. and the

Renunciation of the Ckutch; and of the Agreement on the Part of the EafiIndia Company, as Guarantees of the said Treaty: And also,

N° 7. Ext rafts of Letters to the India Company from their Servants at Bengal relative to all Treaties made with, and Grants received from, any of the Country Powers in India, subsequent to those laid before the Honourable House of Commons in the Year 1767: And allb,

N° 8. Ext rafts of Letters from the East India Company to their Servants at Bengal, relative to all Treaties made with, and' Grants received from, any of the Country Powers in India, subsequent to those laid be* fore the Honourable House of Commons in the Year 1767: And also,

N° 9. State of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues obtained in India by the East India Company, fence the Year 1756, as by the last Advices*

Together with a List of the said Papers*

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sel&on.

The House was moved, that the Orders made upon the 14th, Day of December, last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 7th Day of March next, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of PonteJraQ, in the County of York, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said* Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 9th

Day of March next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The House was moved, that the Orders made upon the 21st Day of November last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the ad Day of March'next, the Matterof the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for 'the Borough of,

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 7th' Day of March next.

The House was moved, that the Orders made upon the 18th Day of November last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the aid Day of this Irt-stant February, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County Borough of Carmarthen, might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the ad Day of March next.

The House was moved, that the Orders made upon the 2ift Day of November last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 23d Day of this In-ftaht February, the Matter of the fevfcral Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Westmoreland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly $

Ordered, That the fad Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 2d Day of March next.

The House was, moved, that the Order made upon the 21 ft Day of November last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 28th Day of this Instant February, the Matter of the Petition of fame: Dundas, of Dundas, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Linlithgow, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition-.be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the ad Day of March next.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the ad Day of this Instant February, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday next, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be difebatged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 28th Day of this Instant February.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the ad Day of this Instant February, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday next, the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Owen, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 28th Day of this Instant February.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the 2d Day of this Instant February, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next, the Matter of the Petition of John Williams, and Thomas Arthingion, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Fowein the County of -wall, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 28th

Day of this Instant February.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the ad Day of this Instant for hearing at

the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next, the Matter of the Petition of John Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Kinro/s, in North Britain, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 28th Day of this Instant February.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the ad Day of this Instant February, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next, the Matterof the Petition of Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gmight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be

beard

Linlithgow

Election.

Abingdon

Election.

Pembroke

Election.

Fowey

Election.

Kin noli Electieu.

o

Cirencefte?

Election.

9 Gecx III.

I40 Februarii.

heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 28th Day of this lnstant February.

Sudbary The Hobfe was moved, that the Order; made hpon

c lon* the ad Day of this lnstant for hearing at the

Bar of this House, upon this Day Sevennight, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of Suffolk, might be r£ad.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged:

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 28th Day

of this lnstant February.

J,

Winchelsea

ILk&iou.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at ,she Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of the Right honourable Sir ’Thomas Sewell, Knight, Master of the Rolls, and Richard , Esquire,. complaining

of an undue Election and Return for the Town of Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 23d Day of this lnstant February.

fcridfcewat* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at Election. the gar of this House, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Seven-

,night, the 23d Day of this lnstant February.

New Radnor The Order of the Day being read, for hearing at the Election. gar of this House* the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of New Radnor.;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir William have Leave to stay

Absence. in the Country for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

Westminster The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Paving, resolve itself into a Committee of ttys whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, lor paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts therein mentioned; and for other' Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; was referred;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Bramber Mr. Bacon, according to Order, "reported from the tktfion. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter; as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Bo-. rough of Bramber, in the County of j together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the^Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Thoroton, and Charles Ambler, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Lord Winter ton, and Charles Lcwndesi Esquire, for the BOrough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex: _

„ The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.:

VuL. 32.

209

? The Counsel fdr- tlife Petitioners r aH«4ged that thft , Rights of Election have always been agreed to be ill Persons inhabiting in ancient Houses, or in Hdufes built on ancient Foundations, paying Scotland Lot.

This was agreed to by the Counsel for the Sitting Merpbers.

Upon the I*oll the Numbers were;

For Lord Winter thit 1 and > 18.

Mr. Lowndes ’ J '

Mr. Thoroton ' ' and

Mr. Ambler.^ ,

The Counsel for the Petitioners insisted thhjf fhoUld prove the Constable, who is the Returning Officer, guilt} of the grossest Partiality jh fhvour of the Sitting Members; and that they should add two to the Petitioners Poll, viz. John Wheeler and Richard Holland, whose Votes were refused by the Constable; and take off Seven from the Sitting Members.

To prove Partiality in the Constable, the Petitioners Counsel called

Elizabeth Thomas', who said ftie had Jtome Conversation with Davy the Constable, relating to the Election, who told her that the Election would be on the Wednesday following; and on the Witness replying, " The sooner the " better, for we, meaning Mr. Thoroton and Mr. Arribier, shall have the Elediori;" the Constable said, " No you (han’t, I’ll be damnqd if you have." — That her Daughter and several others were present j but (he could not recoiled them.

Harry Goring, Esquire, was present at. the Election, whfcn the Constable declared he would poll all but the dead Man, meaning one William Cook, who died some Days before the Election; but nevettheleft he rejected the Votes of Two Persons Who offered to vote For the Petitioners, and polled Two for the Sitting Members, 'who were objected to, without hearing the Evidence offered to support the Objection.

And to prove that an Association was entered into, in favour of the Sitting Members;

James Wood was called, who said, that about Michaelmas 1766, a Paper was signed by about Twenty Persons^ engaging to vote for Lord Winter ton and Mr. Lowndes j that he did not remember the Expression in the Paper, but thought the Purport of it was to invite the Friends of Lord WintertonoxA Mr. Lowndes — Thit he did not

know anyCanvafs had then been begun — -That he understood the Paper to be no other than a Letter of Invitation -+-That he remembered Davy’s signing it; but he be-, lieved he was not Constable at that Time.

Edward Read said he was at the White Lion at Steyn-ing, when a Proportion was made for the Company to wish they might never fee the Kingdom of Heaven if they did not vote for the Sitting Members; but he did not know who made it.

Zachary Chambers, Esquire, upon his cross Examination by the Petitioner’s Counsel, said* he was present at the Signing of the Declaration to signify the voting for Lord Winter ton and Mr. Lowndes — That it was a Year -before the Election* and that no Endeavours were used to persuade the Persons to vote — that they voted voluntarily — and that the Witness was not accessary to procure the Signing-^-that he believed Mr., Wood, a Clerk of his, wrote itAnd being a£ked the Question, he said he believed Wood did it by his Direction — that he employed him in it at the Requestof the Borough, it being . th*e Sense of the Borough entirely: — And being asked how he came by that Knowledge, he said from the Inhabitants — that he went from House to House, at the Desire of Mr. Lowndes and 'Lord Winter ton — that he was pretty sure the People desired him to draw up a Paper to that Purpose- — that the Paper was never in his Custody* — that all who signed it, excepting the School-master, were Sir Harry. Gough’s Tenants — it was a Compliment to him.

And being asked whether Lord Winter ton and Mr.

3 H Lowndes

Bramber

Election.

10 14 Fehruarit.A. 1769.

Lowndes canvassed the Borough before the Paper was signed, he could not say — that it was an usual Practice for Sir Harry Gough to give an Invitation to his Friends before an Election.

In order to establish the Vote of John Wheeler;

The Counsel for the Petitioner called several Witnesses, viz. Daniel. Eaflon, John Peto., and John Stovell — fty whose Evidence it appeared that

Wheeler was Clerk of the Parish of Steyning — that, he had been so Fifteen Years — the House he lived in was one of the Houses in Bramber Borough — don’t know whose Hotife Wheeler lived in; had heard it was one of Sir Hurry Gough'% Houses, and that he was always rated to ^he Poor — that as a Reward for being Clerk of the Parish, he had a Salary of jf. 3 per Annum, and for doing other little Offices about the Church, was allowed his Taxes, which was always outset, and allowed to the Overseersat the Vestry held at Eqfier — that he is a Mailer Carpenter and Joiner — that Objection was never made, but in one Vestry, to his not paying the Rate — that at a Vestry held after the EleChon, Wheeler tendered his Money for the Taxes, but the Officers would not take it, but outset and allowed it as usual — That he paid the . Taxes for the same House before he was Clerk; and that any one but the Clerk of the Parish would be rated if they lived in that House*

' That the Constable refused his Vote because he had not paid the Rate.

Darnel Easton added that Wheeler was rated when the

Witness was an Officer; and that he called on Wheeler for the Taxes, who said he did not pay, it was allowed to him when his Salary was paid — and the Tax was 16 fomptimes more and foroetimes less.

John Peto also added, that he, soon after the Rate in 1768 was signed, applied to Wheeler to be paid his Rate — was always outset at she Vestry for Church Duty, because he had a Salary betides; the Witness asked Wheeler, as he did not pay Scotland Lot, why he came to a contested Election, said it did not signify; that Money was offered for Wheeler at the Time of the Poll; upon which the Witness said, as he had not taken it before, therefore it was not worth while then — never saw the Money, believed 5J. 8 d. — Potter gave it Wheeler to Offer; it was kid down on the Table; Wheeler said he had never paid it — The Sum charged on Wheeler by the Rate was 6s. id. Several of the original Poors Rates were produce^ to shew that he was rated.

ANSWER.

The Sitting Members Counsel called Jefeph Lee, who said that Wheeler was rated Five or Six Years ago, when he was Overseer, but did not pay it — that he received Alms and Sacrament Money — that the Minister always gave him first a Shilling.

And being cross examined, said that he did not know whether it was given to Wheeler as Charity, or as a Fee as Parish Clerk; and that he received no other Alms — that the Clerk always attends the Sacrament — that the Voter was very poor; all his Goods were fold Two Years ago; the last Year the Minister gave him Two Shillings; the Collection comes to about Twelve or Thirteen Shillings — that the Clerk’s Account was never cleared; the Tax was allowed to the Witness — the Parish paid it, and not the Clerk: And the Witness produced a Receipt for L- 3. the Clerk’s Salary, and for Work done for the Parish as a Carpenter.

To establish the Vote of Richard Holland, the other of the Voters refused; the Counsel for the Petitioners called

Elizabeth Thomas, who said, she knew the House Richard Holland lived in; that William Cook lived there before him; that the Persons who have lived in that House voted for it — that Holland was a Servant to Mr. before he came to live in that House, and continued to ' be 1b — that he came to live there Three Days before the Election — that Cook died about a Week before the

Eiedion, and his Widow gave Pbffefiion of the House 18

to Holland, and did not live there herself at the Day of

the Election — that (he had some Goods in the Houses and so had Holland; he brought in a Bed and Bedstead, which was put up, and other Goods; and that there was no other Bed in the House — that he came into the House on purpose to live there.

John Gates, an Attorney, produced a written Agreement witnessed by himself, dated March 14th 1768, between the Widow Cook and the said Richard Holland, for apportioning the Poors Rate for the House, whereby Six Pence was to be paid for the Time Cook lived

in it, and the remaining Three Pence by Holland.

And the Witness said that Holland took the House with an Intent to continue in it; and he produced an Agreement, also witnessed by himself, dated the same Day with the other, between the Marquis of,

Landlord of the House, and the said Rickard,

whereby the Marquis agreed to let Holland the House for one Year, at the Rent of Three Pounds, by Half-yearly Payments; and Holland thereby agreed to become the Tenant on those Terms: And the Witness added that he gave Holland Possession of the House — Mary Cook walked out, and Holland went in and locked the Door — that Holland went in with a Bundle in a Handkerchief, and had no other Goods, and he had continued there ever since: — That he looked upon him as a Yearly Servant to Mr. Lidbetter, because Servants are generally hired for a Year — that his Master released him just before the Agreement with Lord That

died the 10th of March, and the Election was the 16th.

And Notice being taken by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, that the said Agreement between Holland and his Landlord had been first written with Blanks for the Christian Name of Holland, and for the Sum; the Witness declared that he had not aiked Holland his Christian Name; but that his Name, and the Sum, were inserted before the Agreement was signed.

And being aiked if he had heard any Reason given for Holland's leaving his Master so suddenly; he said he was put into the House to vote — that he did not know be had any new Occupation.

The Sitting Members Counsel called Thomas,

who produced the Poors Rate for 1767, which being read, it appeared that William Cook was rated for his House 9 d.with a X against his Name; and a Memo-

randum appeared, wrote opposite thereto, signed by the Witness and Thomas Baker, to the Purport of the Agreement before mentioned between Holland and Cook's Widow, for apportioning the Rate: — And the Witness, being then further examined, said, when he signed that Memorandum he was not Twenty Years of Age — the other Person who signed it was his Brother Officer: Ami being aiked who advised him to sign it, he said his Friends, named Mr. Hooper as one, and added, that he did it to oblige his Friends; and added, that the reason he signed the Paper was, left it might be disputed after he was dead; and said that Cook had paid the Rate before.

The Petitioners Counsel then proceeded to their Exceptions to the Seven Persons who they had proposed to take off from the Sitting Members Poll; and the Persons excepted to were, Joseph French, John , and William Widgett, as living in Houses that formerly were a

Malt House, a Smith’s Forge, and a Tan Barn — Wheeler Welling, Charles Beji, James Jacobs, and John Kidd, as living in split Houses:

And in order to disqualify the Three first, the Petitioners Counsel called Mary Chipper, aged Ninety-one Years, Thomas Hitman, aged Seventy Years, John Persons, Eliza-

beth Simmons, aged Eighty-three, and Elizabeth Thomas.

As to Joseph French's House, called the Malt House; Mary Chipper, Thomas , and John Par Jons,

were examined.

Mary Chipper said she had known this House Sixty Years; and then said, when a little Girl; that it never was a Dwelling House; nothing but a Malt House till the Malt House fell, which was a great many Years ago — don’t know how many — about the Time Queen

died —

Geo.. III. i a® Febrttariu 211

died — That old Fielder was the !?ir& that lived Irt it*

then Dunford, who lived in a little Hole; was no Dwelling House at all; and then Richard Scutt lived in the Hbule after the Malt House fell: And the Witness being asked if any Body liveld in that Hole when a Malt House; (he said they broke in and laid there* and thought to have a Vote* but it wa6 not allowed s And being also asked if (he remembered the Election in the Time of Queen Amt, (he &id the did not, was but a little Girl* and did not know how long Queen Anne had been dead.

Thomas Hi/man said his Unde Fielder lived in this House; after him one Dunford; when first he knew it all in one House, and earthen Floors; said Malt Houses have earthen Floorsj it was used in the first Place entirely for a Malt House; and the Witness helped to new build the Housei and said the Foundation was the old Malt House; could be no other-remembered Uncle Fielder living in it, and no Vote was demanded for it; there was an Election in the Borough, and no Vote for that, because a Malt House: — And being asked in what Year the House was built, he said he could not say whether above Six or Seven Years 1 he helped the Malbns to build k, but did not dig the Foundation.

John Farfons laid he remembered the House was pulled down Five or Six Years ago j said he apprehended it was the Floor of a Malt House, and his Master supposed it to be so too; that there was an old Lady lived there j an old Chimney, but did not appear to be an ancient Chimney; had been built about Ten Years: — And being asked what Age he thought the House was that was pulled down* he at first said he did not know, and then, that it was an ancient ruinous old Building, but apprehended it had been a Malt House by the Door.

As to John Emery's House, called the Smith's Forge; the Petitioners called Two Witnesses, Elizabeth Simmons aged Eighty-three, and Thomas Hi/man.

Elizabeth Simmons said Ihe knew the Houserbuilt where the Smith’s Forge was, but did not remember the Smith’s Forge — remembered it an old House; that it fell down, and was built for Thomas Mercer; and heard her Father say it was a Smith’s Forge; all agreed it was a Smith’s Forge, but (he did not remember any one working the re,

Thomas Hilman said that he had known Emery's House Sixty Years; heard from John Davy, who has been dead Forty Years, that there was a Smith’s Forge there; said that it has been a House for a great many Years, but it was only a Blacksmith’s Shop; that was the general Reputation of the Place.

As to William Widgett's House, called the Tan Barn; the Petitioners Counsel called Two Witnesses, Mary Chipper and Elizabeth Thomas.

Mary Chipper said, when (he first knew the House where IVidgett lived, it was a Tan Barn, and had no

Fire Place, Chimney, or Windows — have known it since a little Girl — that the Barn was first taken off to make a little Shop of; Edward Budd first lived in it when a Shop-And being asked whether it had been inhabited during the Time ihe remembered, (he said it was a little Hole which they made into a Shop: — And being also asked if it was a Barn when (lie first knew it, (he said it was Forty Years ago and upwards since (he first knew it, used to hang up their Leather in it — hung their Leather in a Yard between that and Mr. s House.

Elizabeth Thomas said (he has known the House Seventy Years; that Edward Budd and his Wife were the first (he knew there; a Tanner lived there before that j and (he had thrown Tan out of the Yard herself, and had heard from People that were dead, that it was a Tan Barn; said, that at the Street End was a little Bit of a Chamber, and a low Room; and the other was used as a Tan Bam; and went out of the Tan Yard into the Bara — laid that Budd went out of it in Queen Anne's Reign more than Fifty Years ago, and removed to Read's House, because IVidgett's House was aTan Barn, and had no Vote.

V01,. 32.

Then the Entries in the Journal of the House of the 18th of January and the 10th of March 1703, Qf the Reports from the Committee of Elections, relating to this Borough* were read, by Desire of the Petitioners Counsel* in order to prove that the said Three Houses were then objected to fcs not being ancient Houses.

ANSWER.

The Sitting Members Gounfel called John Caplin, John Greenfield, Edward Read, and Elizabeth *

whole Evidence was, as to Joftph French's House, called the Malt House.

John Caplin said he had known the House Seventjf Years, was in pretty good Repair when he first knew it* and was reputed to give a Right of voting; helped to build the House that was erected on that Foundation about Twelve Years ago; it was never a Malt House since he remembered, nor any House adjoining to it a Malt House — there was a large Building pulled dowrt behind the House which was used as a Brewhouse — remembers William Gravelling's pulling down a House behind Pete's House; said the Wall is (landing now, and appears to have been an Outbuilding to make use of* but did not appear to have been a Malt House — said Henry Fielder was the first Man he remembered to live in French's House, remembered Rickard came there after Fielder, Joseph Dunford after IVace, Richard Saunders fticceeded Dunford, and then Richard said he had known this House voted for several Times, was looked upon by the Neighbourhood as having a Right of Voting — Remembered when Mr. Styles and Mr. Minchull Hood Candidates in 17141 that Richard Seuits then lived in Fielder's House, and voted for Minchull, as the Witness also did.

John Greenfield aged Seventy-eight or Seventy-nine, said he had known joseph French's House ever since he knew any thing; that it. was never a Malt House in his Time; named Fielder, Richard Saunders, and Richard Scutts, to have occupied it; and that he never knew it denied a Right of Voting, neither did he ever know a Malt House adjoining to it.

Edward Read said he had known French's House upwards of Fifty Years — has known the Place almost Sixty Years — that it was always a Dwelling House, and appeared to be an ancient one, and was reputed to give a Right of voting; said that he had heard People say there was a Male House near that House behind, adjoining to the Orchard — that Peto’s House is just by French's — remembered that which was called the Malt House behind Peto's; the Building is gone, and used about the House that was rebuilt; that nobody inhabited the Malt House, not being fit for Habitation 5 it was used to grind Malt in, had carried Malt out of it, and might be called a Malt House, if grinding Malt in it makes it a Malt HouseAnd being asked if there was any Dif-tindlion between a Malt Kiln and a Malt House, said a Malt Kiln is where Malt is dried, a Malt House is where the Malt is turned along — And being asked, was House ever a Malt House; where was the Malt House then ? — Answered, there was a Building that Hood back, behind, but could not say which of the Two Houses it belonged to, and-said that it was not under the same Roof with the Dwelling House or any Part of it.

Elizabeth Saunders said (he lived in French's House Sixty Years ago; was no Symptoms of a Malt House then; it was an oldish House when (he first went to it; lived in it Seven or Eight Years — was brought to Bed of a Son there who is Fifty-eight Years old — said the People that lived in it before the Witness, left the Quit Rent unpaid, and (he paid it to the Duke of

Norfolk's Steward — said that the House had ever a Right of voting ever since (he remembered — her Husband was Headborough when he lived in the House — Lord Windsor was of the Borough then; Squire Shipping and Brigadier Windsor, were chose at that Time; and her Husband voted at that Election.

As

Bramber

Election*

212 140 Februatii. \ 176a.

As to William Widgett's House, Called the Tan Barn; John Caplin, John Greenfield, and Elizabeth Saunders, were produced by the Sitting Members.

John Caplin said that he had known the House William Widgett lived in for Sixty Years — was always an habitable House from the first Time he knew it — never remembered it a Tan Barn, nor uninhabited, and always understood it gave a Right to vote — that Edward Was Occupier, he remembered Beckham came after him — remembered also George Vandikes, a Collar Maker, living in this House, and also Benjamin Wheeler — that all those t*ersons voted for this House, and never remembered a Tan Barn near the House — said that Benjamin Beckham lived in this House, and voted at the Election in 1714 for Mr. Mine hull.

John Greenfield said that ,he has known House ever since he could remember any thing, to be sure Seventy Years ago — when he first knew it, the same appeared to be an oldish House — that it was a House fit for any one to live in, and never heard it denied as a Vote; and named- John Budd, Edward Budd, Beckham, and Vandikes, to have lived in this House.

Elizabeth Saunders said (he knew the House Benjamin Beckham lived in, now Widgett's, and had known it Seventy-five or Seventy-six Years, or more — that it was always a House since (he remembered* — -that it was a pretty little Dwelling House, and has had a Right of voting ever since (he remembered — has Two or Three Rooms — and named Budd and Beckham living the re — said there was a Tan Yard Two Dwellings below it, but without Br amber Borough, to which is a House belonging to that Tan Yard, that People use who belong to the Yard, and the Witness went to School there when a little Girl.

As to John Emery's House, called' a Smith’s Forge; John Caplin, John Gree, Edward Read, and Thomas Hodges, were produced as Witness'es on , behalf of the Sitting Members.

John Caplin said he had known Emery's House Sixty-six Years; was always a House, never remembered it a Smith’s Forge — that Thomas Churcher was the first Inhabitant he knew; then Thomas then Samuel

Bratt, junior — then Thomas Mercer — then John Emery — that the three last all voted for it — don’t know at what filed ions, believe it was w he n M r. Mine hull was chosen: — Being asked if be remembered the Year after Queen Anne died, who were the Candidates — said he did not know any Thing about it, did not remember who voted for it then — that Samuel Bratt voted for Minchull.

John Greenfield said, he had known John Emery's House ever since he had known any Thing: — When he first knew it, it was an oldish House — always voted, never knew any Dispute — known the Occupiers of this House vote at Elections — Remembered Bepper a Gunsmith living the re for a Year or Two, about Forty Years ago: — Was about Eighteen or Twenty Years old when Benjamin Beckham Jived there: — Remembed a Skeeling the re, but no Shed, or even any Smith’s Forge.

Edward Read said, he had known Emery's House for Sixty Years — never heard it was denied a Right of voting — that it never had been a Smith’s Forge these Sixty Years, and has always been an inhabited House — knew Thomas Mercer vote for it: — And being asked if Mercer voted for it in 1714, 1721, or 1727, laid, all for what he knew, for it was never refused since his Knowledge; and the Witness was Constable when Lord Archer was returned.

Thomas Hodges said that he had known Emery's House upwards of Fifty Years: — That at his first Know-lege it was an ancient House, was then out of Repair and not inhabited: — Thomas Mercer came first to it, on which Occasion it was repaired, and he lived in it a great many Years — never was any Smith’s Forge that he can remember, and did not remember a Smith’s Forge in Br amber; could not say how long the House was

empty, before it wis occupied J btit that it is Thirty of Forty Years ago since Churcher came to it;

Then the Entries in the Journals of the House of the Eighteenth of January and the Tenth of March 1703, of the Reports from the Committee of Elections, relating to this Borough, were read, by Desire of the Sitting Members Counsel.

And the Sitting Members Counsel then produced and read. Copies of Two Indentures of Return of Members for Br amber in 1703, to shew that in those Years Richard Wace, Thomas Churcher* and Edward Budd, severally signed the said Returns.

The Petitioners Counsel then proceeded to disqualify the other Four Votes of Wheeler Welling, Charles Befi, James Jacobs, and John Kidd.

And the Entry in the Journal of the House, upon the First Day of June 1715, of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, relating to this Borough, and the Resolutions of the House thereupon, were read.

The said Counsel then called John Hunt, John Morris, Mary Thorpe, Hannah Taverner, and Elizabeth Thomas.

As to Wheeler Welling's House; John Hunt and John Morris were produced as Wicnefies by the Petitioners Counsel.

John Hunt said, that at the Time of the last Election, T.homas Baker and Wheeler Welling lived in a House which was formerly Thomas Waller's: That Waller occupied the whole of it Sixty or Seventy Years ago: — That Thomas Hodges succeeded Waller, and took Richard Wheeler into that Part which Wheeler Welling occupied at the last Election: — That Hodges voted for that.House in 1714* and Wheeler was refused for his Part of it: That the Witness himself voted at the Election in 1714: — That Baker’s Part of the House was called the Kitchen End j — That the House had Two Doors in the Whole.

John Morris said that he remembered the House when one Waller lived in it, and was the only Inhabitant before Hodges came: — That no other lived in it while he Jived there: — That Waller voted for it at the contested Election in 1708, and no one else: And he. confirmed the former Evidence as to the Election in 1714, and said, the other End was always queried when there was any Opposition.

Being cross examined, he said the Houses were the same when he last saw them, Half a Year ago, as they were when he was first acquainted with them, except that another Door has been added: — That Hodges lived in the Kitchen End, and Wheeler in the Parlour End; — That they dressed their Victuals, and entertained Company, in the Parlour End; and that there has been a Chimney and Door separate from the other, ever since the Witness remembered.

And being asked, if, supposing one Door was (lopped up, the other Door could do for the House? he said they were separate: — That the House is about Twenty Feet in Front, and have fix Rooms below Stairs, Kitchen, Parlour, Pantry, and other Places: — That a Wall was built in 1710, between the Two Apartments: — That it was one Tenement when Waller lived there, and when he went out, it was divided into Two: — That he never heard it was Two Tenements before Waller lived there: — That there was never more than One Vote given for the House since Waller went away — had been demanded, but never allowed — always queried.

As to Charles Befi’s House; Mary Thorpe, Hannah Taverner, and John Hunt, were produced by the Petitioners Counsel.

Mary Thorpe, aged Sixty-four Years, said that ever since (he could remember, the had known the House where Lidbetter and Befi lived: — That Thomas her Father lived in it, and occupied the whole: — That there was but One Out Door and One Staircase: — That her Father voted for it in her Memory.

Hannah Taverner laid (he had known the House Fifty Years: — She knew Bolter's living the re :-«-l.hat in

his

9 Geo. III. 14° Februarii. a 13

his Time, there was only one Door, and One Staircase:

— That her Husband lived there after , and voted for the Kitchen End above Thirty Years ago, where Mr. Lidbetter now lives :> — That no other Man lived in

the House when her Husband voted: — That he paid a Shilling chief Rent for the Kitchen End, at which Time Mr. Heather lived in the other End, who applied to her Husband to let him pay Half, because he thought it would make his Vote the stronger: — And Ihe being again asked, said, that when her Husband voted for the Kitchen End, Heather voted for the other End.

John Hunt said that when Potter occupied it, it had but one Door and One Staircase, and nobody rated for it but him: — That he and no one else voted for it in 1714.

As to James Jacobs and, John Kidd having both voted for one and the same House;

Elizabeth Thomas said (he remembered Richard jons living in the Kitchen End of it, and her Husband Jived in the other End: — That Parsons voted for it, and her Husband was not admitted, because it was said he had no Vote: — That the House had but one Vote: — That lhe heard her Husband’s Vote rejected; that the' Witness was certain it was but One House: — That she had heard so from People that are dead: — That only a Board Partition separates-one End from the other; that it is only One House above Stairs: — That there is a Door nailed up, otherwise the Rooms communicate: — That it was never called more than One House: — That Parsons lived in Jacobs's End and her Husband in Kidd's.

.Answer by the Sitting Member’s Counsel; as to Wheeler Welling.

The Entries in the Journals, upon the Tenth of March 1703, were again read, in order to shew that Edward Sharpe was Constable at both those Elections, and that John junior, lived in the House adjoining to Sharpe's: Then,

John Caplin, Seventy-eight Years old, John Greenjie/d,

near Eighty, Edward Read, Seventy-five, Thomas Hodges, Sixty, were examined. — John Caplin said he knows the House for which Wheeler Welling and Thomas Baker. voted: can remember Sixty Years, and better; in all that Time they were esteemed Two separate Houses, and Two separate Votes; remembered Sharpe being Constable; cannot remember at what Election it was, heard Sharpe had voted for it; that the Persons who lived in Welling's House from Churcher'sTime, were John Richard

Wheeler, and William Welling; and said that he had known all of them vote for Members for

John Greenfield said he was born and lived in Steyning -all his Life-time, and knows Wheeler Welling and Thomas Baker's House; never heard but they were always Two: — Remembered chusing Parliament Men; that Thomas Waller lived in Wheeler Welling's End of the House, and voting for it; remembered also Emery and Waller living\nBaker's House, and votingfor the House: always heard that Wheeler Welling's House was reputed to have a "Right of voting; remembered old Thomas Waller living in Wheeler Welling's House, and his Son in the other, who voted for it.

Edward Read said he knew the House where Wheeler Welling and Thomas Baker lived, ever since Twelve Years old: — That they were Two Houses ever since he could remember: that when he first knew them, they were inhabited by different People, and have so continued ever since: — That the Occupiers of those , Houses voted; and the Reputation has been among the Inhabitants of Bramber, that they always had a Right so to do: — That one Wheeler and Hodges lived there and voted when he first knew them; did not remember Waller; had heard People say he lived there, and kept a Public House; that those Houses were always allowed; never heard it denied; did not recoiled! he was at the Elediotns in 1714, 1721 or 1727.

Thomas Hodges said he was bbrn at Bramber; knew the Houses where Welling and Baker lived: — That Vol. 32.

Waller lived in Welling's House, the Witness’s Father Bramber in the other; have been different Houses ever since the Witness remembered; and the general Reputation of the Town was, that each House had a Right to vote.

Then the said Copies of Two Indentures of Returns of Members for Bramber in 1703, were again read, in order to shew that Edward Sharpe, the Constable, and John Churcher, the younger, signed both.

As to Charles Befi's House; the Sitting Members produced and examined jW/w Caplin, John Greenfield, Edward Read, and Thomas.

John Caplin said he had known the House where Bejl lived, and also that where Lidbetter always lived, as long as he could well remember; that they were always Two Houses, and voted for as such, and no Distinction made on one Side or other in regard to voting: — That the first Person he remembered in Befi's House was John , and one Walker lived in Lidbetter's: Remembered those Houses for Sixty Years: — That they have been always used as separate- Dwellings, always Two Doors in his Memory, and Two Staircases all his Time: That Potter married Emery's Widow: never knew Mary Thorpe: —

Being asked if Potter's Family lived with him, when he lived in that House, he answered. Yes, his Daughter; don’t know any Thing about his Family; that John Green succeeded Potter, after him Henry Heather, after him Thomas Baker, after him Thomas Lee; and that the other Part was inhabited by other Families, when these People lived there.

John Greenfield said he had known both Houses for Fifty Years, that Lidbetter's is the adjoining House; that they were Two Houses, and always were so; had Two Doors, always Two Families; and the Occupiers of both have voted at Elections; that the Reputation of the Neighbours with respect to these Houses was, that they werealways Two Houses, and neverheard any otherwise. —

Thinks one Green first lived in Befi's House; can’t tell who lived there Sixty Years ago; Potter was at one End, and Green at the other; believed John Emery lived in one of the Houses formerly, cannot say exactly; both Houses voted; and never heard of any Dispute about it.

Edward Read said he had known Befi's and $

Houses Fifty Years; that they were always occupied by Two Families, and the Right of voting always were for Two Houses; that they were looked on as ancient Houses — That the first Person he remembered living in Lid-better's House was Thomas Baukam Was first in the Inside of that House Twenty Years ago: — The Witness is a Carpenter and worked in it, they were Two Houses then, and has done Work in both, the Partition was an old ones and they were always Two Houses.

Thomas French said he had known Befi's and Lidbetter*% Houses in Bramber for Sixty Years; that at his first Knowledge of them, Potter lived in Befi's House, and then they were Two Houses; remembered Samuel Green:

— That Befi's and Lidbetter'sHouses were Two Votes, and were voted foi when the Witness was a Boy; that he had been in the Houses, and there was a Staircase in Potter's House, and another in the other Dwelling: — That Potter had a Daughter Maryt who lived with him till he died; had been in the House Green lived in, but never was up Stairs.

Then the before mentioned Indentures of Return were again read; by which it appeared that John Emery signed the said Returri in 1703.

As to James Jacobs' and John Kidd's Houses;

John Caplin, John Greenfield, Edward , Thomas Hodges, and Thomas French, were produced and examined by the Sitting Members Counsel.

John Caplin said lie had known Jacob's and Kidd's Houses Sixty Years and above; that they adjoin together; were Two Houses when he first knew them; never was up Stairs: — That Parsons lived in Jacobs' House and Packets in Kidd's :-r-ParJon's Son succeeded his Father, and Jacobs after him; after Packett(Brother to Parsons who

3 I lived

214 14° Februarii. A. 1769.

imber lived in the next House) Samuel Pratt, senior, came into &ion. Kidd’s House; after Pratt, Thomas; after him

Robert Bignall; and* after him John Kidd: That they were ancient Houses when the Witness first knew them, were reputed to have a Right of voting, and always polled during the Witness’s Time, and had a Right to vote as Two Houses j and that the Witness was by when Couzens «oted.

John Greenfield said he had known Kidd’s and Jacobs's Houses ever since he had known firamber-, that they were always Two Houses; voted as Two Houses; always had Two Doors, and inhabited as separate and distinct Houses by Two Families: That those Houses were voted for many Years ago; John ,at the Witness’s first Knowledge lived tn one House, and Packett in the other, being next the Street: — That he never was up Stairs.

Edward Read, said that he had known and s

Houses for Fifty Years; that he worked in them both Thirty Tears ago; were Two Houses, Two Inhabitants; one of them John Parsons, who lived in Jacobs's House, and Rbb'ert Bignall in Kidd *s House, always voted at

Elections, never denied; never heard any Re putation about the Right of voting; voted as Two Houses, and voted as such the Year Lord Archer was returned, about Twenty-four or Twenty-five or Thirty Years ago; never heard the Right of voting as Two Houses disputed till now.

Thomas Hodges said he remembered Jacobs’ and Kidd’s Houses, so long as he can remember any Thing; has been gone near Fifty Years from Bramber: that when he fir'll knew them they appeared to be ancient Houses j when first remembered, Thomas Cust lived in Kidd’s House, and Parsons in the other Part; that they were then separate Dwellings, and have continued so ever tihee; and that there are Two Doors to those Houses.

Thomas Ftench laid that he had known Jacobs’ and Kidd’s Houses for Fifty-five Years; when he first remembered Jacobs’ House, Thomas Packett lived in it, the other Richard Parsons, a Taylor, lived in; that these Houses, when the Witness first knew them, were Two j looked Oh by the Neighbours to be Two, and always voted for as Two.

Then the before-mentioned Indentures of Returns Were again read, to lliew that Richard Parsons and Thomas Packett signed the said Returns in 1703.

On the Part of the Sitting Members, m Their Counsel proceeded to disqualify several of the Petitioners Votes; and begun with Thomas Baker, the Eldef, as having voted for a House not being an ancieut House; and called,

John Greenfield who laid he remembered it, when it was first made a House: — That it was a Skilling Place, an Outhouse One Norris, a runagate Sort of a Fellow, lived there in a little Sort of a Hovel: — That he went up a Ladder, and used to lie there That there Was a Chimney, but no Stairs: that it was not fit for an Habitation before the new Building And being again asked, he said there was no Chimney to it; that it Was used to be called a Pig Stye — but don’t know why, never knew any Pigs kept in it: That the House was built upon a Piece of Waste Ground by the Church Yard, more than Sixty Years ago, and that nobody lived there before Norris.

Being cross examined, he said there was a Chimney and Oven built there Sixty Yean age, or more; that another Man lived on the same Ground to give him a Vote: — That he knew the Place before Norris lived in it, and then had neither Chimney nor Window in it, but was used to lay Wood in.

John Caplin laid he remembered the Chimney being built; — That Norris lived in it then.

And being asked, if Norris voted for in it 1703 He laid he never knew him vote: That he lie did not think lie did: — That one Baker voted for it at several Electons: — That Norris was the only Person he knew lived in it.

ANSWER.

' The Petitioners Counsel called Elizabeth Simmonds, 20

who said, Ihe had known Thomas Baker’s House Seventy Years; that Richard White lived in it, when Ihe first knew it, and Norris after him: — That there was a Chimney in it when White lived there: — That it was not a Pig Stye — it was and is an old House.

Thomas Hillman remembered Thomas Baker’s House for Sixty V ears; it was a very ancient House, and had a Chimney in it; never called a Pig Stye whilst he knew it.

To disqualify William Welling under the like Objection; John Greenfield, Elizabeth , and

John Caplin, were called by the Sitting Members Counsel.

John Greenfield said he knew the House William Welling lived in, had gone over the Place 100 Times where this House was built, and never fee any other House: — That this House was built at Lord s

Expence: That the Witness is sure there was no old Foundation there before: That there is a House just by called the Hole House, built in the Orchard: — Remembered William French the first Person there, which was about Forty or Fifty Years ago: The House never inhabited for Ten or Twenty Years: — That People lived in at Times, but dont know who they were: — That the Witness knew the House of Thomas Howell, called the Hole House: — That Welling’% House is built within the Orchard of Howell's: — Does not remember Anthony Refford living the re, or Elizabeth Simmond's tHufband living the re.

Elizabeth Saunders said Ihe knew William s

House; remembered the Place where this House Hands, long before it was built; it was a green Place; has seen it often before the House was built, always green flat Ground: — Remembers the building of this House about Fifty Years since, which was done at the Expence of Lord Windsor, as allowed by the NeighboursDon’t

know who was the first Tenant; don’t remember any Tenant before Welling; don’t remember Refford, nor the Widow Simmonds, or her Husband, living in s

House.

John Caplin laid he knew the House William Welling lived in, and knew the Spot before the House was built: — Knew also the House that Howell lives in: that before WMng’% House was built it was a level Piece of Ground, and there appeared no Foundation of any other House That this House was built by Joyuer about Sixty-three Years ago, at the Expence of Lord Jefferies; he was chose at Bramber, and Lord Windsor married his Widow: — That Widow French was the first Tenant about Fifty Years ago; and don’t remember that any Person lived there before.

ANSWER.

Elizabeth Simmonds said Ihe had known William Welling's House above Seventy Years; had lived in it v — It was Sixty Years ago since (he lived in it; it was empty when Ihe first knew it: That Refford was the first Ihe knew in Welling's House; that was Sixty-eight Years ago: — That he took it because the House he lived in before was burnt; that it was an old House when Ihe knew it first: — That (he lived in it a Year and a Half — and had been in the Neighbourhood ever since; that her Husband voted for it about Sixty-one Years ago.

Thomas Hillman said he knew William s

House; remembered Anthony Refford lived there before Welling, and also Mr. Simmonds some Time — that it was a very ancient House before he knew it: — Never heard that it was called a Pig Stye since he knew it till this Day.

The next Objection made by the Sitting Members Counsel was, that the Houses Thomas Mdnjellnnd Thomas Mor ley voted for, were formerly One House, and being burnt down, was rebuilt into Two. To prove which they called,

John Greenfield, Thomas French, and John Caplin: And, John Greetifield said he knew the Houses that Manjell and Morley lived in Remembered a Fire there about

Fifty

9 Geo. III. 140 Februarii.

215

Fifty Years ago: — Formerly but One House, One Family only inhabited it, and only One Door then: — That Anthony Refford lived there when the House was burnt

down, and no other Family lived in it at that Time: — The Houses of Manfell and were built in the

room of that which was burnt down, and were built as Two Houses, immediately after the Fire.

Greenfield being cross examined, said he remembered . the Widow Slivery, but said (he never lived in the House that was burnt, or if (he did live there, (he lived with Refford: — And being asked how long after the Fire those Two Houses were built, said Fifteen or Twenty Years: — Remembered one Rurfield living at one End about Fourteen or Sixteen Years ago: And on being asked if the Witness was sure there was only One Door before the House was burnt down, he said that he was fore there wa9 only One.

Thomas French said he knew Morley and Manjelts Houses: — Remembered the House before it was burnt down, about Fifty Years ago: — That it was then a single House; only One Family lived in it before it was burnt; it flood rather Endways to the Street, and it now (lands facing the Street: — That it was built in a different Manner than it was before-being Two Houses now, before only One: — That Anthony Refford lived in this House when burnt down — there was then only One Street Door: — The Witness was born next door but One, and his Mother lived down in the Street.

John Caplin said that he knew the Houses where Manfell and Morley livedKnew the House that flood there before it was burnt down, saw it burnt, pretty near Fifty Years ago-: — That Anthony Refford lived in it when burnt down j no other Family lived there then; was very well acquainted with , — been in his

House; and the Witness was sure there was no other Family lived there then: — That this House was rebuilt about Ten or Twelve Years afterwards: — Remembered the building of it, and it is now Two Dwellings, and they belong to Lotd iVindfor.

ANSWER.

Elizabeth Simmondt said they were Two Houses at the Time of the Fire: — Refford lived in One, and the Widow . Silvery in the other.

And being asked whether they were Two Houses be* fore the Fire — (he said there were Two Back Doors, Two Fore Doors, and to each House a Pair of Stairs.

Being cross examined, (he said (he never remembered it any Thing but an old House: — That Refford lived in the House that was burnt.

Thomas Hillman said he knew Morley and Manfell'% Houses: they were two Houses before the Fire; was there when they were burnt down, Sixty Years since; there was aPalfage between them, and Two Doors when burnt.

Then in further Support of the Votes of the Sitting Members objected to by the Petitioners, and of the Objections made by the Sitting Members

/ Counsel to the several Houses before mentioned: they called,

Zachary Chambers, Esquire, who, being examined, iaid, that he had known the Borough of Bramber ever Cnee the Year 1719 — in which Year he went down to survey and repair Sir Harry Gough's Houses, and took Mr. Hone, a judicious Surveyor along with him; and found Eighteen Burgage Houses there belonging to Sir Harry Gough, and had them repaired at Sir Harry's Expence: — That they were old Houses, and wanted great Repair; that they all claimed a Right of voting, and appeared to be ancient Houses, distinct and separate.

And being asked what other Houses there were in Bramber or: Steyning, which claimed a Right of voting — he said. Several belonging to Lord Windsor; that some of them were in Ruins, but it was thought they had a Right of voting if rebuilt: — That there were Thirteen of those Houses, Two disputable, but Eleven certainly had - Voi. 32.

a-Right; and also the School House, Manor House, and Hudson's House; and Two of Mr. St. — That

some Years ago Sir Harry Gough purchased the Manor House and Hudson's: — That the Surveyor who went with him is dead; that he employed John Peto and several other Artificers; and laid out 2 or 300l. upon Sir Harry Gough's Houses.

That he was present at the first Election after 1719, thinks it was in 1722; and there had been Thirteen Elections since.

And the Witness offering to produce a Paper of Notes, which he said he took a little while ago, from his RecolleClion, in order to refresh his Memory as to what paired at those Elections; the same was objected to by the Counsel for the Petitioners, as not having been wrote at the Times the Affairs happened.

The said Witness, being then further examined, said he was present at the Elections in 1722, 1723, 1727* and 1728: — That he believed a Poll was demanded in 1728 at a Angle Election, when Mr. Hofie flood against Mr. Gumley, Junior; that the Constable flopped

Nine of Sir 'Richard Gough's Voters; that there were upon the Poll Eleven for Mr. , and Ten for Sir

Richard Gough's Interest; and Mr. Gumley was returned by a Majority of One: — That a Petition was presented to Parliament against the Return, and the Witness and Mr. Afgill were examined; and that the Witness then said, upon being asked the Question, " That Sir Richard " Gough's People all tendered their Votes, but Nine were. " rejected by the Constable."

And the Witness saying be was present when Mr. Afgill was examined at the said Hearing in the House of Commons; and offering to relate what Evidence was given by Mr. Afgill;

The Counsel (or the Petitioners objected to such Evidence.

Then the Witness being again called, and further examined, said, He was present at the Elections in 1734 and 1741: — That there was a flight Opposition in 1734, but none in 1741 — since which there had been Seven Elections, but no Opposition, nor any Poll demanded, — but the 18 Houses were admitted to poll in all of them, except by Accident of Death, or other Occasions: — That they all attended to offer to Poll in case of an Opposition: — That they have claimed a Right of voting at all Elections since 1719, except when in Possession of a Widow: — That he had heard from Philip Camden and John Parsons, very ancient People, long since dead, that these Houses had polled from very old Times; and also from Edward Rudd in 1727, who was then between Eighty and Ninety, that they had polled from King Charles the Second’s Time.

And being asked, If he ever knew them objected to? — he said, Very likely they might have been ob* jected to in 1722; but they were polled, and the Constable admitted them.

Being cross examined, he said. There was no Plan taken at the Time the Houses were repaired; — he did not know, nor believe there was: — That there might be one taken by a young Gentleman, who was with the Witness out of Curiosity; but he could not tell when it was taken: — That it was not taken by any one’s Direction: — That it was Eighteen or Twenty Years ago: — That he did not fee any Plan produced at the Election in 1721; but there might have been.

And being shewn a Plan, dated 27 1721, produced by the Petitioner’s Counsel, and asked. Whether that was e Plan of Sir Harry Gough's Houses ?

He said, he believed it was: — That-every Word of it was his own Hand-writing, taken by himself: — That it was a fair Plan taken of Sir Harry Gough's Houses: — That he never knew Widgett'% House to be a Tan Barn: That he knew it was polled, but could not tell whether with a Q. — That George Lajhmere was then Constable, and is now alive: — That it was esteemed a good Vote: — That he believed Benjamin Peckhqm lived in it in

1721.

Bramber

Ete&ion.

i\6

14° Februarii.

A. 1769.

Bran^rr

kJt&ion.

1721. — Being asked, if he was admitted with a Q. ? — answered, He believed it a good Vote — could not lay; likely there might be Objections; but be thought the Constable knew the Borough so well, that he would not put him dawn with a Q. — And said. That the said House was polled in 1721 for the Family.

And being a/ked, When he law the Poll of 1721 ? he said. He did not know he had ieen it since it was taken.

And being shewn a Copy of the Poll, dated 21 1721, produced by the Petitioners Counsel, he said, it was his own Hand-writing:

And it appearing that Benjamin Peckham is there put down with a Q. the Witness said, he made the Q. himself.

And being asked, if he knew s House, said.

He remembered it was polled in 1721: And being aflted, whether it was polled with a Q. he said, He looked upon it as a good Vote — did not know whether it was polled with a Q. — if it was, there was no Foundation for it: — That he supposed the Q. was in the Copy of the Poll, if it was so: — That he supposed the Paper produced was a Copy of the Poll taken by the Constable; and that 'he should not have put a Q. in the Copy if it had not been in the Original: — That Richard Scutt voted fdr that House pretended to be a Malt House j and being shewn the Poll, said there is a Q. against Richard Scutt; and that he took it there was a Query in the Original, and supposed it was polled with a Query.

And he said the same as to Emery's House, said to have been a Smith’s Forge: And being shewn the Poll, said. That Samuel Pratt appeared to have polled for the said House in 1721, and was put down there with a Q. and made no doubt but he was polled so, and believed that he lived in Emery's House; and said, when' he first knew the Malt House, the Tan Barn, and Smith’s Forge, they were old Houses that is Fifty Years ago.

And the Witness being asked, what original Polls he knew of from 1719; he said, He had not any original Polls in his Custody; he did not know where they were, they were loft to him; very likely feme might be in the Hands of Sir Harry Gough, or of the Returning Officer; they are the Property of the Returning Officer; he did not know in whose Hands they were, And being asked in whose Hands he believed they were; he answered, Probably in Sir Harry Gough's; cannot believe any thing about it: And being asked when he last law any of the Polls, answered. Always saw them at the Time of voting, not afterwards as he knew of.

Then the said Copy of the Poll was read, whereby it appeared, that Twenty Persons had given their Votes for Sir Richard Gough and Mr. Vanhull, of whom Six were doubly queried; that Thirteen had voted for Mr. Windsor, and Twelve of them for Mr. Gumley, of whom Four were doubly queried, as not Inhabitants; anti that at the Foot of the Poll there appeared the following Memorandum made by the Witness; viz. " A Scrutiny being " demanded, the Poll was adjourned for an Hour, viz.

" till about Two ©’Clock, at which Time no one appear-4‘ ing to poll, nor any sufficient Objection against the " Votes for Sir Richard Gough and Mr. Vanhull, the Con-4‘ stableclosed the Poll, and returned the said Sir Richard Gough and William Vanhull, Esquire, duly elected." — The Witness said Mr. L the Constable knew the Borough very well — and probably Objections might be made, and for Peace Sake he might put those Votes down with a Q. — And being asked, What he meant by saying the Queries were put for Peace Sake ? answered. That they might have an Opportunity of objecting, if they had a Mind.

Then the said Plan, taken the 27th 1721, was referred to; from whence it appeared, that Eighteen Houses were marked with the Letter (G.), and numbered progressively from 1 to it — That Eleven Houses - *7

were marked with the Letter (W.) numbered progref-lively from 1 to 11: — And the Letter (W.) placed against dotted Lines, within which are wrote the Words,

" Burnt down"; and opposite the fame, are wrote the-Words following; viz. (* Pike and Nevill put down in the Poors Rates for Two Pieces of a Garden."

And it also appeared from the said Plan, that there were Six other Houses, against which no Letter or Figure was set; and also, that each of the Houses objected to by the Petitioners, as being split Houses, are marked by Four Outlines, with a Line cross the Middle thereof, to divide the same respectively into Two; and also that every House marked with the Letter (W), is a distinct House, and Hands separate and apart from any other House.

The Sitting Members Counsel then objected to the Vote of Samuel Lidbetter, as inhabiting a Farm House, Half a Mile from Bramber, and voting for an empty House, of which he had the Key.

And to support their Objectiotf, they called,

John Kidd, — who said that Lidbetter and his

Family resided Half a Mile from Bramber, and farm about 2 or £. 300 per Annum. — Can’t fey whether it is his own or his Nephew’s: — That he voted for a House belonging to Sir Harry Gough: — That he had it before the Election'That the Widow Taverner's Goods were in it — but (lie did not live in it: — That lier Goods were there Thirty Years: — That (he lived there Thirteen or Fourteen Years after her Husband’s Death: — That Lidbetter never lived there: — That the House was locked up, and he had the Key: — That he might lie there femetimes for ought the Witness knew.

And being asked how long before the Election he lay there, — he said. He might lay there feme Nights, not many — he believed he did not lay there for Four or Five Years before that: — That he came there Three or Four Days before the Election, because he pretended to have the House: — That he had neither Dog nor Cat there; and kept his Servants in the House where he lived.

Being cross examined, he said that Lidbetter said the Goods were Taverner's: — That Samuel Lidbetter has been rated for the House these Twelve Years — and has paid the Taxes — Believed he was not there above a Month before the Election: — That he might come down feme Nights before — not a Monthcould not say within a Week. '

And being asked, if he knew of his laying out of this House One Night out of Six, for Six Weeks before the Election ? — he said, He laid out a great many Nights within that Time: — That the Witness lived within Twenty Rods of the House, and inquired of the Man who lived at the other End of the House: — That Lidbetter could not go to Bed without that Man’s seeing or hearing him: — That it was thought he would vote against his Landlord; and therefore he watched him.

Then the Poll taken at the last Election was read, in order to shew that Lidbetter voted after Bejl. ANSWER.

To prove that Lidbetter inhabited the House before the ElcAion, and that the Goods were his; the Petitioners Counsel called Elizabeth Thomas,-who said that (he knew Samuel Lidbetter, and that the Farm is his Nephew’s; and that Lidbetter has a House in Bramber, and had Goods in it: — That (he lived but Two Doors off; and that he had Furniture in it ever since (he knew it; and he certainly lay there Six Weeks before the Election, both him and his Nephew: — That (he had seen him there a great many Times: — That he kept good Liquor there: — That there is no Cellar in the House, for they are flooded below.

Being cross examined, (he said, The Borough House was his Country House: — That he entertained his Friends there; — the Maid came every Day to make the Bed;

— there

9 Geo. Ill,

I46 FebruariL

a 17

- — there lived a Widow in the House many Years — Being afleed, if any oise had advised her father to /he had been gone Five Years: — When (he was there, keep Possession, (he said, No: — That be defended the there were Two Beds — now only One. Ejedtment, and loft the Cause. — He died the latter

Then to shew that Thomas Baker, the younger, had End of August 1767* in the House: — That (he deli-personally disqualified himself as a Voter at the vered Possession after her Father died} not immediately* said Election; the Sitting MembersCounfel called — Martin was put in Possession.

John Kidd, senior, who said that he knew Thomas Baket, John Brougham produced a Writ of Possession, with the younger, a Voter, and Tenant to Sir Harry Gough t the Sheriff’s Return of his having given Possession, on

And being afleed, if Baker had said that any Person had been with him, to desire him to vote against his Landlord — he said. Yes: — That he could have a* Place in the Custom House of £. 60 a Year, or a

the Day of November 1768, of the House late in the Possession of Mary French, to the said Thomas Martin.

Then the Sitting Members Counsel offering to prove the Notice of Appeal against the Rate was given

Place at Portsmouth amongst the Guns: — That this was on the Second Day of January 1768; the Counsel for

"*'* the Petitioners admitted the fame.

The Petitioners Counsel called John Leggat, who was Overseer of in 1767,

who said that Martin paid him the Rate for the last Half Year: — That was the Rate s Name

was for.

Being cross examined, he said, Martin afleed him about it: — When the Witness saw his Name in the Rate, he took the Money — he refused it before: — That be offered it to his Partner, and he would not

about Three Weeks before the Election: — That Baker mentioned it himself that he was to have it to vote in Lord Granby's, Interest: — That the said Baker is a Riding Officer now, and was so about a Week before the Election: — That he voted for the Petitioners: — That he lived as Tenant to Sir Harry Gough a Year and Half, and was in no Office before this: — That the Witness’s Son was present at the Conversation.

Being cross examined, he said. Baker declared he could have a Riding Officer’s Place of £. 60 per,

or a Place at Portsmouth; that is all Baker said in Con- fake it: — That he had passed his Accounts, and had the verlation with himThat the Witness’s Son was pre- Ten Shillings.

sent at that Time, and he was to have the Place for John Gates, the Attorney, produced, and proved a his Interest; and said he could have a Place, if he Copy of the Order of Sessions made upon the Appeal could turn a Vote for Lord Granby's Interest. of Martin to amend the Rate, by inserting his Name

And being asked, if he knew whether Baker had any therein instead of Mary French, for the House, late in Instructions — he said, He did not know; — might have her Possession.

had a Twelve Month before; and that he had signed the Paper in Favour of the Sitting Members.

John Kidd, junior, remembered hearing Baker (ay to the Witness’s Father, about Three Weeks before the Election, that Lord Granby had offered to give him a Place of £. 60 a Year; cannot tell for what, if he went from Sir Harry Gough's Interest; and that he would settle £. 20 a Year upon the Witness’s Father, if he could get him over; and said, that Charles Best was present at the Conversation.

of Mary French had been lcratched out, and the Name of Thomas Martm inserted — the Witness said that

lhe occupied the House which Martin voted for: — She paid the Rate, 10 s. — That he collected the Rate soon after it was signed, and paid it to the Receiver at the End of October, or the Beginning of November That Mary French quitted Possession in November; and (he paid the Rate before (he quitted the House.

Being cross examined, he said that Martin had appealed against the Rate, and that Mary French's Name was struck out at the SessionsThat he had heard the Overseer say, he had the Rate of MartinThat the Appeal was at the Christmas Session at Midhurst.

Mary French said, (he lived in the House in October, and quitted it about the Twenty-sixth of That Application was made to her for the Rate, and (he paid it before (he quitted: — That (he had lived in the House all her Life-time: — That Mr. Hejketh was her Landlord: — That (he was ejected out of the House; but that (he was turned out by Mr. Ambler,

Tellers for the Yeas

} »-

before (lie was ejected: — That some Men took Poflef- Thomas Thoroton, Esquire, and Charles Ambler, Esquire, (ion, and her Brother, with proper Officers, restored instead thereof.

her to the PoflessionShe was afterwards turned out by the Sheriff’s Bailiff.

Being cross examined, (he said, her Father’s Time, according to Notice, expired at Lady Day 1767, but he was not able to go out.

VOL. 32.

Brambtf

Eiedioh,

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right honourable Edward Earl Winterton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Lowndes, Esquire, is not duly elected si Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for

to serve in this present Parliament for the The next Objection made by the Sitting Members Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

Counsel was, that Thomas Martin was not legally That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

rated, nor did pay the Poors Rate for the House That Thomas Thoroton Esquire, is duly elected a Bur-for which he voted. If gets to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough

And to prove it, they called, of Bramber, in the County of Suffer.

John Peto, who was Overseer of the Poor for the 4> Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Parish of Steyning, in 1767. ;* That Charles Ambler, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to

And the Poors Rate made in October 1767 being serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bram-(hewn him, and it appearing thereon, that the Name ber, in the County of

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

("Lord Howe,

'(Mr. Gilbert:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being fevarally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Bramber, in the county of -Suffix, by rating out the Names of the Right honourable Edward Earl Winterton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and of

Charles Lowndes, Esquire, and inserting the Names of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

3*

Bramber

Election.

Oainftro*

Paving.

Walberton

inclosure.

Exeter, See. Roads.

18 150 Februarii. A. 1769.

Mercurii, 150 Februarii;

Anno 9* Georgii 1IF* Regis, 1769.

Prayers. '

THE Dq>uty Clerk of the Crown, attending ac-cAiding to; Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Bramber, in the county of .

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee,- to whom

the Petition of the several Merchants, Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of , in the County of Linco/n,vihok Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;-and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-. livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Hutton, being examined, said, That the Streets,

Lanes, and other public Passages in the said Town, are very ill paved and incommodious; that it would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants and Persons resorting thereto, if the same were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and duly watched, and kept free from Annoyances: '

That great Quantities of Coals are brought into the said Town; that if the same were delivered by Statute Measure, or Weight only, the Witness apprehends it would be a Means of preventing Frauds which are pra&iled therein; and if a Duty was laid on such Coals, to defray the Expence of measuring, weighing, and collecting the fame, and the Surplus applied towards the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, it would be of great Advantage to the said Town. ,: ,

Which Evidence ,was confirmed by Doctor Henry Revel Reynolds, and Mr. Gideon Wells. , 5 Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Public Passages, in the Town of Gainsborough, in the County of , and for

' laying a Duty on all Coals, brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the same to such Purposes: And that Mr. Whichcot, Sir Cecil , Lord Bertie, and Mr. Amcotts, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosingan Open Common, in the Parish of Walberton, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An ACfc for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, in the Parish of Walberton, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. George Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the acting Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon-, and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Lands, residing near, and travelling on, the Roads therein after mentioned, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting foFth, That, by the said Act, and by another Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term and render more effectual, the said Act, and for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, Power was given for repairing the Road from Hoop in West Ex, 16

in Tiverton, to Ford Village Water, which, when repaired, will be of little Ule, unless a new Road was made, from St. David!s Hill, in the Road aforesaid, to

the Oxford Inn, near the East Gate of the City of , by which Means the present steep, dangerous, narrow, and incommodious Entrance into the said City, through North; Crate Street, and also the present steep and mountainous Road over Stoke Hill, between Tiverton and-Exeter^ would be avoided; and taking Notice, that the acting, Trustees appointed by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for amending several. Roadsdeading from the said City of Exeter, have petitioned the House fora Bill for making the said new Road from. 67. David's Hill to the Oxford Inn, and also for amending the Road leading from Croft,

to the Smith’s Shop near Cowley Bridge-, but some of the Inhabitants of, and Persons interested in, the said Street called North Gaiq Street, in the said City of Exeter, have petitioned the House against making and repairing the said Roads, notwithstanding it must be admitted the said Roads will be of the greatest Utility to the Public, and all Travellers; And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Roads may be made and amended, agreeable to the Petition of the said acting Trustees appointed for amending the Roads leading from the City of Exeter aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the acting Trustees appointed by an Act: of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the jCity of Exeter; and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land, residing near and travelling on the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Devon, and County and City of Exeter; is referred.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Beckingham and Sutton, in the Manor and Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor or Parish of Grendon Underwood, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Edward Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Ings, and the Moor or Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Wheldrake, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except Baines, Jof\n Shawforth, and John Tate, who are possessed of Lands within the said Township of the Yearly Value of £.50 per Annum, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill s and that the whole Annual Value of the Lands within the said Township amounts to £. *5x5, and upwards); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill a and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

wards

Beckingham and Sutton inclosure.

Grendon

Underwood

inclosure.

Wheldrake

inclosure.

Harlow Bufti

Common

to

Woodford

Road.

Ditto.

Ditto.

9 Geq. III. 150 Februariu a 19

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iogrolfed. . v

S.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentle^ men. Clergy, and Freeholders, in the Parish Of,

and the Places adjacent, in the County of Offex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen and perused. a Bill, depending in the House, to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of King George the First, and the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Bush in the Parish of Harlow, to in the County of

Essex i and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in the Form it now (lands, the Petitioners apprehend it would be very injurious to themselves and several others inhabiting that Part of the Country, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying the House,. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as may affect them, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House may appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be beard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Corn Dealers, Millers, Farmers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Eppitig, in the County of , whdfe Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and many others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observethat Provision is made in the said Bill, that the Turnpike now (landing at a Place called Epping Place, near the said Town of Eppitig, shall be discontinued (o long as the Tolls, arising at the otherTurnpike on the said Road, called The Lower Gate, shall, in the Opinion of the Trustees to the said Bill, be sufficient to maintain the whole of the Road by, the said Aclsdireftedtoberepaired; and that the Inhabitants of the said Town of Epping have been long oppressed, by having a Turnpike at each End of the said Town, to their very great Prejudice; and that the greatest Part of the People, who frequent Epping Market, come from Waltham Abbey, Ckejhunt, and other Towns, Villages, and Places on that Side of the Country, and who do not travel more than a Mile on the Turnpike Road, before they come to the said Epping Gate, or Turnpike, where they are obliged to pay the Tolls laid by the said Acts; and the Petitioners, and others inhabiting the said Town of Epping, constantly using the Market at Waltham are under the like oppressive Circumstances, which gives a great Check to both the said Markets; and that the Tolls collected at the Gate called The Lower , and which is attended with no such Disadvantage, will, if properly managed, be quite sufficient to maintain the whole of the Road, and defray all the Expences of the Trust; nevertheless, if ic shall at any future Time prove otherwise, the Petitioners will cheerfully submit to have the Epping Gate reinstated: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, as it now (lands, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, in Support thereof.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Corn Dealers, Millers, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the Market Town of Waltham Abbey, in the County

Vol. 32.

of Essex, whose Names are subscribed, in Behalf of them-.felvesand many others, wasalfe presented to the House, and read;. likewise taking Notice of the said Provision , for discontinuing. the said Turnpike, upon t^e Terms in the said Bill mentioned; and setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the Townof Epping, and its Neighbourhood, constantly attend the Market of Waltham Abbey; and the Inhabitants of the Town of Waltham Abbey and Neighbourhood: attend the Market at Epping, and pay the Tolls'laid by the said Act, although they travel a very short Space only on the said Turnpike Road, which amounts to a very heavy Tax on the Provisions and Cattle bought and sold at Waltham Abbey, whereby the Prices of all Kinds of Provisions are enhanced; and that the Petitioners are credibly informed, that the Tolls collected at the said Gate called The Lower Gate will be sufficient to answer all the Purposes of the said Acts:

And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, as it now (land?; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, in Support thereof.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill ist committed: And the

Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Committee: have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, according Wooton to Order, a Bjll for dividing and inclosing certain Open l"dofure. ^nd Common Fields, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wooton, in the County of Oxford:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ^*o«nt Account of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, from the <iMlr. Fu^. toth.of October 1767, to the 5th of January 1768, and from the 10th of October 1768, to the 5th of January 1769;. distinguishing each Period.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Shire Halls, enable the Justices of the Peace, in the General Quarter &c-Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually held:

And that Mr. Whichcot, Lord Brozvnlow Sir Cecil

Wray, Mr. Cuff, Mr. Amcotts, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hereford to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in Road* the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from towards '

Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for amending several other Roads, near or adjoining to feme > of the said Roads; without any Amendmeat.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Alexander Fordyce, Esquire, have Leave Colchester to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election. Election and Return for the Borough of , in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of

, i (; EIe&ions, Src.

A Petition of the Court of Directorsfoj the-Affairs of East India the United Company of Merchants of England, trading Company.

to

East India Company.

Ditto.

220 150 Februarii.- 1769.

to the East Indies, was pro fen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Adfc passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for establishing an Agreement, for the Payment of the Annual Sum of £.400,000, for a limited Time, by the East India , in respefk

of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, having expired on the First Day of February Instant, (he laid United Company, at several General Courts lately held, took into their Confederation the Terms and Conditions for entering into a further Agreement with the Public, respecting the aforesaid Acquisitions and Revenues; and the following Question, being proposed, was carried by a Ballot hela at the Company’s House in Leadenhall Street, on the 9th of this Instant February, viz. " That it is the Opinion of the General Court, that the Court of Directors be empowered to make an Agreement with the Public,

" on the Terms and Conditions mentioned in the Pro-f' positions now laid before the General Courtand that the said Proportions then laid before the General Court were as follows:

1. That £.400,000 a Year be continued to the' Public for Five Years, from the First of February Instant.

t. That the Company be at liberty to increase their Dividend to Twelve and an Half perCent. during the said Term, so as not to exceed One per Cent, in any One Year.

3. That if the Company shall, during the said Term, be obliged to reduce their Dividends, from any Cause whatsoever: in such Case, there shall be deducted, from the Sum agreed to be paid for the Use of the Public, a Sum equal to such Redu^ion; and in like Manner, if the Company’s Dividends shall, at any Time during the said Term, be again raised or restored, the Public shall receive equal Benefit; but, if the said Dividends shall be reduced to Six per Cent, then the Payment to the Public shall be discontinued.

4. That the Company shall be obliged to export, in every Year during the Continuance of this Agreement, Goods and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, Military and Naval Stores excepted, of the like Value as they shall appear to have been exported annually, on an Average of Five Years preced i ng t h is Agreement.

5. That if any Surplus of Cadi shall remain in England during the said Term, after the Discharge of the Company’s Simple Contract Debts bearing Interest, and the Reduction of the Company’s Bond Debt to the Debt which shall be due from the Public to the Company, then such Surplus shall be lent to the Public at Two -Cent, per Annum.

And that the Petitioners beg Leave to submit the said Propositions to the Consideration of the House, as the Terms and Conditions for making a further Agreement between the Public and the said Company, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as Bur as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That what the Lord North has now acquainted the House with, from ft is Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Sevennight the 14th Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, the Annual Account of the Company’s Affairs, made up at Midsummer last.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Hie Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate 4>ft the Charge thereof, for the Year 1769, be referred to tlfe said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay, inJ Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Owners, Matters, and Commanders, Oxford of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade at to North Shields, in the County of And

also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, Sheriff, and Common Council, of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled:

And also,

A Petition of the Matter, Pilots, and Seamen, of the Trinity House, in Newcastle upon Tyne: And also,

A Petition of the Matters and Owners of Ships of the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne: And also,

A Petition of the Owners and Masters of Ships, belonging to, and employed in, the Coal Trade at Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County of Durham; and also of the principal Inhabitants of the said Town:

And also,

A Petition of the Masters and Owners of Ships, of the Port of Scarborough, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Council assembled;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill now depending, for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Capal, from the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford i and setting forth, that the Petitioners

apprehend

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto*

Ditto.

9 Geo. III. 15° Februarii.

apprehend the- laid Bill, if carried info a La#,' will be greatly prejudicial to that moll important National Objeift, the Nursery and Increase of Seamen raised and employed in the Coal Trade:

Add praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, Until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, in and near the Town of in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the Traders and Manufacturers in and near the City of Litchfield: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, in and near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and letting forth,. That the same will, when completed, open a very extensive Communication with the other Navigations already made, and now making, in different Parts of this Kingdom, and be of Service to the Petitioners, and of great public Utility; and that the Petitioners have been informed, there are Two different Courses, surveyed, levelled, and planned, for the said intended Navigation, near the City of,

which are very near equal in Length, but that One of them cannot be made without a Lockage of ia8 Feet, or thereabouts, which will require Twenty Locks; and the other will be upon a Level with the other Parts of the adjacent Navigation at each End thereof, and, if

Preferred, will lay the said Navigation upon a -cvel for above 30 Miles together, without the Intervention of a single Lock; a Circumstance, which, they apprehend, will be of great Service to Trade ami Commerce, as well as to the Culture and Improvement of the adjacent Lands and will render the intended Navigation much more useful and convenient: And therefore praying. That the Course planned for the Level Navigation may be preferred, and that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the hud Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Page, &c.; And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the several Petitions this Day presented to the House, relating to the said Bill, and which were ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders, Ownere of Lands in the County of W, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That if the said Bill should pass into a Law in the Form it now Hands, it will be very detrimental to the Petitioners Property, and a great Vot. 32.

But then upon the Cdbftty of Warwick: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as may affect them; and that the House will grailt them such Relief in the Premises, as may, upon Examination appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that' the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the fatdCdmmittee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Infiruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill against the said Petition*

A Petition of Oevrge Perrott, Esquire, was presented Ditto* to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in 1751, intituled, An Act for the better regulating of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and and for afeer--.

tainrng tbd Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River, whereby, amongst other Things, all Persons were at Liberty to navigate upon the said River Avon, paying certain Rates thereby established; and the Proprietors of the said Navigation were obliged to keep the said-River free from Obstructrons, and to keep the Locks, Sluices, Weirs, and Flood-gates, in good and sufficient Repair for ever; and that, before and at the Time of passing the said Act, divers large Quantities of Coals were brought up the said River Avon, and landed at Evesham and Stratford upon Avon aforesaid, great Part whereof were afterwards conveyed to, arid sold at, Oxford, Chipping Norton, Woodft and divers other Places, in the County of Oxford; and great Quantities of Corn and Grain were brought from the County of Oxford, to Evesham and Stratford upon AvoH aforesaid, and there, and at other Mills upon the said River, ground into Flour, and sent down the said River, to Bristol, and other Places up and down Thi Severn, and other Part of the said Grain was sent down the said River unground, to the same Places; and divers Quantities of Merchant Goods were carried up and down the said River; and that since the passing the said Act, the Petitioner hath purchased the said Navigation of the said River Avon, under and by virtue of a Decree of the High Court of Chancery; and that, since Michaelmas 1763, he hath expended £. 4000, or thereabouts, in rebuilding and repairing the Locks, Sluices, Weirs, and Flood-gates, of and belonging to the said Navigation; and that the Petitioner finds, by the Votes of the House, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford-, and that the Petitioner apprehends, that his Property in the said Navigation of the said River Avon may be very greatly affected by the said Bill, in regard that the said intended Navigation will divert the Trade of great Part of the County of Oxford from the said River Avon, and carry it to the said intended Navigation, whereby the Petitioner will be deprived of a considerable Part of the Compensation granted by the said Act. of 1751, in Consideration of the said River being made a Free River, and of the Obligation thereby laid bn the Proprietors so preserve the Navigation thereof: And therefore praying, if the said Bill be committed, that it may be an Instruction to the Committee, to admit the Petitioner to be heard, by his Counsel, and to examine Witnesses, in Support of the Allegations of his Petition; and that the Petitioner may have such Recompence foil the Loss he may fullain, or such other Relief, and- in such a Manner, as the House shall see fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee# to whom tb« said Bill

3 L is

222 15* — 16®

h committed; and that the Petitioner be heard* by his Counsel, before the said Committee* upon his laid Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard* at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Cumberland A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* ElefHon. posed. That Sir Gilfred , Baronet, late High Sheriff of the County of , do attend this

House upon Thursday the 9th Day of March next, when the Matter of the Petition of Humphry Senhouse, Esquire, ^complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, is ordered to be heard;

An Amendment was proposed to' be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " to answer to such Charge as Stall then be made against " him."

- And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That Sir Gilfred Lawson, Baronet, late High Sheriff of the County of Cumberland, do attend this House upon Thursday the 9th Day of March next, when the Mat* ter of the Petition of Humphry Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, is ordered to be heard; to answer to such Charge as shall then be made against him;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

h-

TeHm for ho N«s,{ } «.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Wijri Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning ead Mean, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Westminster Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Paving. Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminand other Parts therein mentioned} and/or other Purposes in the said Acts mentionedwas referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 16* die Februarii;

Anno 9® Georgii III,a Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

Jtamfgate X/TR- Alderman Frecothick presented to the House,

Harbour. J.VjL according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramfgdte; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Exeter, &c.; A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Road*, in pxeeption Two Ads, passed in the Twenty-sixth and

Februarii. A. 1769.

Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty* for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, living near and travelling the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That the Petitioners the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money; but find the said Roads Cannot be effectually repaired, unless the Term granted by the first-mentioned Act be continued, and the Powers enlarged; and that Part of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts, viz. from the Bottom of St. David’s, in the County of the said City, over St. David’s Hill, and through North Gate Street, is in some Parts thereof very narrow, and in general steepi and that the said Inconveniences might be avoided if the Road from the Bottom of St. David’s Hill, by Howell’s House, through HowelVs Lane, was repaired and widened, and from thence a Road made through certain Fields, the Property of Triftram Whit ter. Clerk, into Pound Lane, and

that Part of the said Lane, and Part of Longbrooke Street, to the Oxford Inn, near the East Gate of the said City, was repaired and widened; and that the Road leading from Alphington Croft, in the Turnpike Road between Exeter and Plymouth, to the Stop Gate at the Smith’s Shop near Cowley Bridge, in the Road between Exeter and Crediton, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts, and for the making, and repairing, and widening, the said Roads or Highways, with such Powers and Instructions, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the acting Trustees, appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and allb of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land, residing near and travelling on the Roads therein mentioned, in the *

County of Devon, and County and City of Exeter; is referred.

Mr. Blackftonereported from the Committee, to whom l*engate,

the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, &c* of the Borough of Westburyrin the County of Wilts-, Roa;1* and the Trustees of the First District of the Roads chmprifed in an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Pengale, in the Parish of IVein the County of Wilts, to Latchetts Bridge, near the East End of Market Lavington, and other Roads therein mentioned; and of the Justices of the Peace, and several other Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed j and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of West bury, in the County of Wilts; of the Inhabitants of Sim-mington, in the said County; and of the Justices of the Peace, and several other Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, , Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the same County, whose Names are thereunder written; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions: and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition; the said Act was read.

Mr. Benjamin Peach, being examined, laid, That the

Trustees

9 Geo. III.

Trustees of thi tirft District have proceeded in thd Execution of f6 touch of the said Act as relates to the said District, and have made great Progreft in amending the several Roads comprised Within the lame, and have borrowed the Sum of £.2, too on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which still remains due» and cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair, without enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act.

And the Witness further said. That the Road from Bo/ejborough to Chit teren, and the Road between the

Direction Poll and the Two-Mile Stone on

Plain, through Bratton to the Turnpike Road near Raydown, and from Charlford. Bridge in West bury to Madbroke, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in several Places, and cannot be repaired by the Laws irt being.

Paul Newman, Esquire, confirmed so much of the aforesaid Evidence, as relates to the First District of Road, and the Money due thereon, and added. That some Part of the above Road is now under Preferment.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Peach, being again examined, said, That there has been/.6co expended upon that Part of the Road from Yarnbrook to but that the fame

cannot be completed without an Increase of Toll, which might be obtained without any Inconvenience, by moving the Gate near Simmington to another Part of the Road.

Paul Newman, Esquire, who has £.1400 Mortgage upon the said Gate, said, he thinks that Gate should be removed, it being a great Oppression upon the Country r And,

Mr. Peach further said, That the Trustees of the Melksham Turnpike Road, have erected a Gate between that Place and Simmington, which stands across the Westbury Turnpike Road, and is a public Grievance:

And,

Mr. Newman confirmed so much of the above Evidence, as relates to the Necessity of a Regulation and Increase of the Tolls.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Pen-gate to Latchetts Bridge, and other Roads in the County of Wilts, to far as relates to the Second District of Road contained in the said Act; and for amending several other Roads near adjoining to the said Roads; is committed; that they have Power tb make Provision in the said Bill, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, with respect to the First District of Road contained in the said Act; and for amending several other Roads adjoining to the said District; and for removing a Turnpike now erected at the Cross Way near Simmington; and repealing a Prohibition from erecting a ‘Turnpike between the Cross Ways and; and for discontinuing the Turnpike now erected across the Westbury Road at Melksham>

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do not proceed upon the said Bill until Monday Sevennight, the 27 th Day of this Instant February.

Vtshop Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles be added to the Gentle-Wiiror* men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, Indofcre. pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Matthew,

Esquire, Lord of the Manor of in the

East Riding of the County of York, and Owner and Proprietor of the greatest Part of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said Township, and also Impropriator of, and entitled to, all the Tithes of Corn, Grain, Wool, and Lamb, within the said Township, and the Tithes of Hay, in the Ings and

Vol. 3a.

223

Open Fields there, and in certairi tnclosures, which have been taken and inclosed therefrom, and for which'

Tithes in Kind are now paid; and of John Dealtry,

Clerk, Vicar of Bishop Wilton aforesaid, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners of, of otherwise interested in, divers other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the said Town* ship of Bishop Wilton.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles be added to the Gentle* Thwing men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Inelwfure. Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Robert s

Grimftbn, Esqtiire, Lord of the Manor of in '

the East Riding of the County of and Owner of divers Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, . within the Manor and Parish of Thwing aforesaid, Charlet Roper, Thomas Omblar, Jonathan SimpfoH, and Others,

Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners cf* or otherwise interested in, divers other Cottages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor And Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles be added to the Gentle* Atwick men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Inclosure. Bill, pursuant ter the Prayer of the Petition of Jonathan Midgley, Esquire, Thomas Reafton, Esquire, William Whytehead, Clerk, William Witfon, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of, or otherwise interested in, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, within the Township of otherwise

Attenwick, in Holdemejs, in the County of York.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the Hotffe, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and other Open Grounds, within the Township of Atwick, otherwise Attenwick, in Holdemejs, in the,

County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of William Banks, of Leeds, in the County CaWer Of York, Merchant, was presented to the House, and Navigation read; Setting forth, That, in the 31st Year of King George the Second, a Bill was brought into Parliament, for extending the Navigation of the River Caldet, to or near Co Sowerby Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax, and for making navigable the River HHalig, or Halifax Brook, from Brookfmouth, to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the County of York, by which the Property of the said Navigation was intended to be veiled in private Owners; which was afterwards varied, so A? to make the same a public Navigation, under the Direction of Commissioners, and with such Variation the same passed into a Law; and that the Petitioner, confiding in the Validity of an Agreement entered into by him with Mr. David Stansfteld, for the Purchase of certain Mills and Estates of the Petitioner, near to where the Cuts necessary for the said Navigation were to be made, and also confiding in the Assurances of the said Mr. Stansfteld, that a Clause should be inserted in the said Act to confirm the said Agreement, subscribed j£.ioOo towards carrying on the said Navigation, and performed the said.

Agreement on his Part; but that Mr. Stansfteld refused to take any Step towards performing the Agreement on his Part; and that the Commissioners in the said Act named, for extending the Navigation of the River Colder, have proceeded to complete the same, and have caused several Cuts to be made, which have greatly injured the Petitioner’s Property so contracted and agreed to be sold to the' said Mr. Stansfteld as aforesaid; and that the Petitioner observes, by the Votes of the House, that several of the Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the said Act, towards making the said Navigation, have preferred a Petition to the

House

t6* Febniarii.

Inclosure.

Leeds

and

Liverpool

Canal.

a 24 16°Februarii 1769.

House, representing the ruinous State and Condition of file said Navigation* by violent and uncommon Floods; and also that several Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders* and others* have likewise preferred a Petition to the House, for a Bill for securing to the present Subscribers the Money they have advanced, and for giving some Encouragement to Persons to advance a competent Sum of Money for completing the said Navigation; and that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, for the Purpose aforesaid and that the Petitioner has already suffered very much in his Property by Means of the said Navigation* and'is now left without Red refs: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration* and to permit him to be heard, by his Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Bill shall be referred, to grant him such Relief as the Nature of his same shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to

Order* a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open Fields, Lands* and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Thwing, in the East Riding of the County of York; And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs* and Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool in the County Palatine of , Trustees

for the Docks, Pier, and other Works, in and for the Port and Harbour of Liverpoole, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth* That the Petitioners observe* by the Votes of the House, that a Petition has been preferred, for a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal* from a convenient Part of the Town of Leedsi through or near the several Market Towns therein mentioned, to or near The North Lady's Walk, and to the new intended Dock in the Town And Port of Liverpoole-, and that these Petitioners have come to an Agreement* subject to the Controul of Parliament, with the Agents of the said Navigable Canal, that* provided the said Bill shall pass into a Law* the said Canal shall terminate at The Sea , or Clay Batik, at or near the North Lady's in

And there to be locked down to the adjacent Sea Shore* at the Expence of the Undertakers of such Navigable Canal; and that the Petitioners have, in like Manner* agreed with the said Undertakers* that the Trustees of the said Docks will make a Cut* or Canal* from the North End of the said Dock now constructing, along the Sea Strand or Shore, there to join such Navigable Canal at the Place where it is to be locked down as aforesaid; and to make such a Dock and Pier, and other Works necessary to support and maintain the fame, for the Reception of such Boats and Vessels as shall trade or be navigated on the said Canal, having a moderate Tonnage granted them* for defraying the Expence of nuking and maintaining such juroftive Canal* Dock, or Pier, and all'o upon having the present Terms and Powers heretofore granted in and by several successive Afrs, paired in the Eighth Year of Queen Anue, the-Third of George the First, the Eleventh of George the Second, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Petitioners, sufficiently continued and enlarged, as may enable them to finish the said Dock and Works now in making, and the said jun&ive Canal, Dock, Pier, and other Works necessary, thereto* at Livetpoole aforesaid: And therefore praying. That such Bill for- making the said Navigable Canal from Leeds to Liverpoole., may pass into a Law; and that such.Provisions may be inferred therein* to enable the Petitioners to perform and fulfil their said Agreement with such Agents and Undertakers of the said »8

Navigable Canal; and that, for the Purposes aforesaid* the Terms and Powers, granted in and by the before-mentioned several Acts, may be prolonged and enlarged to the said Petitioners, the said Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* federation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, redding in and near the Market Towns of Leeds, Bradford, Bingley, High, Skipton, and Settle, ia

the County of York, and the Town or Port of -poole, and the several Market Towns of Colne, Burnley, Clithero, Blackburn, Preston, and Ormskirk, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Township of Bishop Wilton, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Gentlemen, Land Owners* and Inhabitants, within the Parishes or Townships of Cheadle, Ipjtones, Kingsley, Qnecoat, Grindon, and Places adjacent, in the County of Stafford, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dire died him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Leigh, being examined, said. That the Road leading from Cheadle to a Place called Bothamhouse,' and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford, is in-a very bad and ruinous Condition, and in many Parts very narrow, and that the same cannot bo sufficiently amended and widened by the Laws in being; and further fai^. That there is a sufficient Sum of Money subscribed to be advanced on the Credit of the Tolls arifingon the said Road, and that the making the same will be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Cheadle to 2?o-tham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford.: And that Mr. , Colonel Burgoyne, and Mr. Wrottesley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested in the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Lordships of Laughton-en-le-M, and Slade

Mooton, in the Parish of Laughton-en-U-Alortken, in the West Riding of the County of was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House, for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds; and that the Petitioners apprehend if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it now stands, their Property will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against fuql> Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Property; and that they may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the? Consideration of the Cpmnaittce, to whom the Bill for

dividing

Bishop

Wilton

Inclosure*

Cheadle,

&c.

Rout

Laughton-

en-le-

Morthen

inclosure.

D^rly Moor Hoads,

Ii.vio>ure.

Geo. IIL x6° Fefrruarii. 225

dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable l and', and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors and Lord ships of Laugh ton-en and Slade

Hoot on, in the Parish of Laugh t on - en~le- Mor then, in the West Riding of the County of is committed;

and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee upon their laid Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruiftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the l aid Bill against the said Petition.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tiaders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties ol Derby and Stafford, whose Names are subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; «and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petuion, Mr. Edward Leigh, beingexamir ed, said, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Sudbury and borne, at or near Doily Moor, in the County of Derby, to Eila foil in the County of Stajfoid, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Marsh and Thorpe, at a Place called The Three Lozv in the said County of Stafford, is in many Parts very deep and founderous, and in others narrow and incommodious, and carmot be effectually amended and widened by the Laws in being.

A Member present gave the same Evidence with rc-speft to the Road from the Three Lozvs aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road lying between Leek and Ashborne, between a PTace called Botham and fVinkel Bridge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dar/y Moor, in the County of Derby, to Ellafon, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford: And that Mr. Gilbert, Colonel , and

Mr. fVrottefey, do prepare, and bring in* the lame.

Mr. Cvjl reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Ingham, in the County of Lincoln, wds committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that, the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, weie agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Vol. 32.

Lord Georg; Sutton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Q_>en Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Biii, a id found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bid, to the Surifi-faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tLie Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second T ne, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others, dealing jn Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trade to Greenland, in the Whale Fishery, for a few Years past, has been unsuccessful, which has induced the Merchants trading to those Parts to fend their VefTds out earlier than usual in search of Seals, a Trade but lacely used by the English, to the Westward, and about John a Main's Island, which has been attended with tolerable Success, and afterwards proceed upon the Whale Fishery* to have a double Chance on the same Voyage; hut the Duty on Seal Skins, as they are now rated, is Thirty per Cent, upon the Value, and amounts to Five Pence or Six Ponce per Pound Weight on the Tanned Leather, instead of One Penny Halfpenny per Pound for other Leather, which is a great Discouragernent to the Tanning of Seal Skins, which, when tanned, are as useful as any other Leather, in making Shoes or Boots, and would be the Means of reducing the Pi ice of Tanned Leather, which is, in the Space of Ten Years, advanced nearly One Half in Value, to the great Damage of the Poor in particular, and therefore praying. That the Duty of Excise on Seal Skips may be reduced, or such other Relief granted as to the House shall seem mofl meet.

Ordered, That the said Pet it it ion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole H use.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Sene-gambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South , and Cape

Rouge, for the Year 1769.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth: viz.

3M ESTIMATE

Eaton

lndjiure.

Dmrs on Leather.

Account presented; Colony of Senegambia,

Chester

and

Stafford

Road.

a a 6

16° Februarii. A. 1759.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of support’ing and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa.,situate between the Port of , in and

Cape Rouge, for the Year 1769.

£. s.

To a Salary to the Governor - -- -- - - 1,200 — —

To a Salary to the Chief Justice - -- 400 — —

To a Salary to the Superintendant of Trade at James Forty in the River Gambia - 290. — —

To a Salary to the Secretary of the Province - -- 200-----

To an Allowance to Two Ministers - -- - 200-----

To an Allowance for a Schoolmaster ar St. Lewis - -- -- - 50-----

To a Salary to the Secretary for Moorish Affairs - - 100 — —

To an Allowance for Repairs of Forts, and other contingent Expences - 2,000 — —

To the Expence of an armed Sloop, to be employed under the Command of the Governor - 1,000 — —

To a Salary to an Agent for the Affairs of the Province ----- 200 — —

£5*55°-----

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, the Lord and Sir William

Dolbett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Viscount Killmorey, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Freeholders, of the County of whose Names are

thereunto subscribed; and also the Pet ition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Freeholders of the County and City of Chester, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations^ the said Petitions, Three Acts for repairing the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Poll Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to in

the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tary in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, were read: And,

Mr. Charles Davenport, being examined, said, That it has been found, by Experience, that a sufficient Sum of Money cannot be raised by the present Tolls, granted by the said Acts, for effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the said Road; as the Trustees are restrained from erecting any Turnpike between Nantwich and the City of Chester, which is about Twenty Miles: And that the said Road is very deep and narrow in many Places.

That the Highway from Northwich aforesaid to the Cross in the Town of Tarvin, is in many Places deep, narrow, and ruinous, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

That he has made an Estimate of the necessary Repairs of the said Roads: That the Repairs of the first-mentioned Road, he apprehends, will amount to 2,200 i and the latter to£. 1,500 and upwards.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, as relates to the repairing the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, to the City of Chester; and for repairing and widening the said Road, and also the Road from Northwich, to the Criofs' in Tarvinr in the County of And that

14

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions Which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Four hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding One hundred Twenty-seven thousand and Twenty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Three hundred and Thirty-one Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seven thousand Three hundred and Ninety-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out l’ensioners of ChelJ'ea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Land-Ta*. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Bill

New

Radnor

Ele&iou.

9 Geo. III.

i6° — 17° Februarii.

227

Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Service of

the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day f>eing read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of New Radnor.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read.

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was read.

And the last Determination of the House, made upon the 12th Day of November 1690, concerning the Right of electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor, (whereby it is resolved, That the Right of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of New Radnor, is in the Burgesses oL Radnor, Ryader, Knighton, Knuckles and

Jice only) was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard.

Then, Mr. Robert Pardo being called in, and having, at the Bar, delivered in the original Poll, taken at the last Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; he was examined by the Counsel for the Petitioner, as to the Time when, and as to the Manner in which, the said Poll, and also other Books and Papers belonging to the said Borough, came into his Custody.

And he also delivered in at the Bar Two Corporation Court Books of the said Borough; and also several Polls, taken at former Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and was further examined.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses, in order to shew that the said Polls, and other Books and Papers, were sent, by Mr. John James, Town Clerk of the said Borough, to the said Mr. Pardo.

Then the said Counsel examined a Witness, in order to prove that the Copy of the Poll taken at the last Election, which was signed by the Returning Officer as a true Copy, and delivered by the said Town Clerk to the Agents for the Petitioner, by Order of the said Returning Officer, varied from the Original.

And the said Witness was further examined by the Counsel for the Petitioner, in order to prove the Handwriting of the said John James-, and to thew in what Jn-stances the said Copy of the Poll varied from the Original; and likewise to prove that One of the said Corporation Books had in several Instances been altered, and several Additions made thereto, by the said John James.

Then the said Counsel examined a Witness, in order to shew, that several Leaves had been taken out of, and many other Alterations made to, the said Book.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The House was moved, that the Journal of the Vol. 32.

House,.of the 24th Day of January 1754, upon hearing the Matter of the Petition of Henry Esquire,

complaining ‘of an undue Election and Return for the City of Litchfield, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said John James do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vi eneris, 1j° die Februarii;

Anno 9* Georgiij Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

MR. Turner presented to the House, according to York and Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to 11- Kingston cenle a Playhouse, in the City of York, and in the ’JR?"

Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Harbord reported from the Committee, to whom Manchester the Bill to enable Edward Byrom, Esquire, to complete new Church* a Building, intended for a new Church, in the Town of Manchester, and for making the same a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for other Purposes, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

- - t

Lord Charles Speneer presented to the House, accord- Chippin£ ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain jN?jLon Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in nc ure* the Parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the County of Oxford:And the same was received; and

read the First Time.

hefolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, St Botolph,

to whom the Petition of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of Pavine. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of St. Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East,

in the Precinct of St. Catherine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and preventing Obstruc-tionaland Annoyances therein; and of several other Inhabitants, and Owners of Houses, and other Premises,

within the above District; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's

Table:

\Vestrmnfter

Paving,

Bramley

Inclosure.

Poole

Election.

228

17* Februarii. A. 1769-

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Scott, being examined, said, That in pursuance of the said Act, an Assessment of Two Shillings in the Pound hath been laid upon the Occupiers of Houses and other Premises within the said District; that he is the Collectorof the AffdTrnent; and has used every Means in his Power to collect the fame; but has found it impracticable, from the great Number of poor Per-l'ons who are unable to pay: And that if the Whole had been collected, it would not have been sufficient to answer the Purposes of the Act.

Mr. Thomas Hanfom, being examined, said, That the Pavements made, and to be made in pursuance of the said Act, will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of Whitechapel, as the greatest Part of the heavy Goods, especially Coals, that are consumed in , are

landed at the Wharfs in the Parish of St. Bo/olph, and, in the Precinct of St. Catherin, are conveyed over a considerable Part of the Pavements in the Parish of St. Botolph, to Whitechapel.

That the Inhabitants of the said Parish have no other Market than that at W, to resort to for Hay, of which there is a great Consumption in the said Parish, on account of the number of Wharfs and Brew-lioules therein; by which Means they will greatly contribute to the Tolls on that Article, and likewise to the Tolls to be raised at the Gates proposed to be erected in the said Parish of Whitechapel, as they will be under a Necessity of daily passing through the fame.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts therein mentioned; and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; was referred; might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Moors, within the Township of , in

the Parish of Eraithwell, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Instruction, which upon the 20th Day of January -last, was given to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, for hearing the Matter of the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors for Members to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Dorset, and also for examining into the Manner of

procuring and ligning the lame, next after they should have heard the Matter of the Petition of dyce, Etiquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of

JEssex, be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition, and examine into the Manner of procuring and signing the fame, upon Monday Scvennight, the 27th Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do hear the Matter of the Petition of Francis Eyre, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, with the Return to the Writ for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Mid diflex, in the room of John Wilkes, Esquire, expelled this House.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order;

The said Writ and Return were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That John Wilkes, Esquire, having been in this Session of Parliament expelled this House, was, and is, incapable of being elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 6th Day of March 1711, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Return of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Robert Walpole, Esquire, expelled the House, might be

read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Resolution of the House, of Friday the 3d Day of this Instant. February, relating to the Expulsion of John Wilkes, Ltquvre, then a Member of this House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question by inserting after the Word " House " these Words, " for having been the Author and Publisher of what this " House hath resolved to be an insolent, scandalous, and " seditious Libel; and for having been convicted in the " Court of King’s Bench, of having printed and published a seditious Libel, and Three obfccne and iinpious Libels; and having, by the Judgment of the said " Court, been sentenced to undergo Twenty-two " Months Imprisonment, and being in Execution under " the said Judgment."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas 5 Sir Joseph 7

1 eiters for the I eas, j M: }

Tellers for the Noes JSir 7

xeuers ior the iNoes,j Mr J

102.

228.

Mr. Burrell:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put. That John Wilkes, Esquire, having been in this Session of Parliament, expelled this House, was, and is, incapable of being elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yea.. ] 235.

Tellers for the Noe,j^>^W J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, That the late Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, is avoid Election;

A Member in his Place informed the House, that he was present at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County; that there was no other Candidate than the said Mr.

Wilkes;

Morpeth

Eic6ion.

Middlesex

Election.

t

Privilege.

Supply.

Way*

and

Mean.

Nafferton

laclosure.

9 Geo. III. 17" — 20° Februarii. 229

Wilkes j that there was no Poll demanded for any other Person, nor any Kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Mr. Wilkes.

Resolved, That the late Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, is a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the room of

John Wilkes, Esquire, who is adjudged incapable of be-

ing elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament, and whole Election for the said County has been declared void.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon the 20th Day of January last, " That in Breach of the Privilege of this House, John Harris " did, upon the 14th Day of December last, write afalle " and libellous Letter, directed to Mr. Scroope " who acted as Clerk to the Committee of Merchants " at Liverpool, with respect to some Words that passed " between Sir William Meredith, Baronet, a Member of " this House, and the said John relating to an

" Application making to this House, from the Town of " Liverpool."

And the House being informed that the said John Harris attended;

He was called in '

And the Copy of the said Letter which was delivered to this House upon the 20th day of January last, being read to the said John Harris; he, at the Bar, confessed that he wrote the said Letter, and sent it by the Poll to Mr. Scroope Colqull, at Liverpool.

And Sir William Meredith, Baronet, having in his Place, given the House an Account, in the Presence of the said John Harris, of the Conversation which parted between the said Sir William Meredith and the said John Harris, relating to an Application making to this House from the Town of Liverpool;

The said John Harris was heard.

And then hewasdirested to withdraw.

He was again called in; and at the Bar, confessed him* self heartily sorry that he had misrepresented the Words of Sir William Meredith, in his said Letter; and atked Pardon for the same of Sir William , and of the

House.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

And Sir William Meredith having declared himself satisfied with the Acknowledgment made by the said John Harris, and desiring that the House would proceed

no further against him;

Ordered, That the said John Harris be discharged from any further Attendance upon this House.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna:> 200 die;

Anno 90 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1769. Prayers.

AB I L L for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and VOir. 3^.

Grounds within the Parish of Nafferton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Lascelles, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

t

Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to Gainlbro* Order, a Bill for the more effectual paving, cleansing, E*e<^ion lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, in the Town of GainJburgh, in the County of Lincoln, and for laying a Duty on all Coals brought to the said Town to be told, and for applying the same to such Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inqlofing the several Open Atwick Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Indoliire-and other Open Grounds, within the Township of wick, otherwise Attenwick, in Holderness, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George <

Savile, Mr. Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Bishop Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, Wilton within the Township of Bishop Wilton, in the East Riding nc*° urc* of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Seymour, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open Thwing Fields, Lands, and Grounds within the Manor and Inclosure, Parish of Thwing, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Dovfdefwell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Maf- Oxford ters and Owners of Ships, in the Port of in the p0y°ntry

County of York, which, was presented to the House upon Canal.

Wednesday the 8th Day of this Instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wynn’s to enable Sir WatkinWilliams Wynn, Baronet, a Minor,

to make a Settlement on his intended Marriage with n'

the Lady Henrietta Somerset; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Wynn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Edward Lascelles presented to' the House, accord- Olbaldwick ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing fcertain Inclosure‘ Open Grounds lying in Ofbaldwick, with Gate and Ptterland Row, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wood presented to the House, pursuant to their Militia, Address to His Majesty,

The Returns of the State of the Regiments, Bat-3 N talions.

V

230

20* Februarii.

A. 1769.

taboos, and Independent Companies of Militia, at the Times of Annual Exercise in the Year 1768, which have been transmitted to the Office of Secretary of State, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

WheMrake An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure. Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Ings, and the Moor or Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of in the County of

York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Ings, and the Moor or Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township oilVheldrake, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

telley

tlncloiure.

Mr. Thompson presented to the House, according to Older, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, in the Township of Le/ley, in the Parish of in Holderness, in

the East Riding of the County of: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Macclesfield, Mr. Legh presented to the House, according to Or-&c. der, a gin to repair and widen the Road from the 0,1 ' ken Crops in Macclesfield, in the County of over the LongMofs, and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether fop ley, in the said County j and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road: And the same was deceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Calder Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, according Navigation. Qr(jer> a gin for extending and continuing navigable the River Calder, to or near Sowerby , in the Parish

of Halifax; and for making navigable the River , Helig, or Halifax Brook, from Brook’s , to Salter

Hebble Bridge, in the County of York; and for repealing an Act made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Crofeite

Inciolure*

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moor, or Common, called Crofgate Moor, in the Parish of St. Oswald, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Inclosed, Intercommon Lands there; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,’ at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor, or Common, called Trough end Common, in the Parish of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, was redd a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Blacket, Mr. Lyon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Montrose A Bill for continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth T-Pennln Year of King George the First, and in the Seventh Year ' of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within

T roiighend Inclosure.

the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for Applying the said Town with fresh Water; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyon, Sir Edward Blacket, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. P/umer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed; and also, the Petition of the feve-Tal Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the 6th and 12th Years of the Reign of King George the First, and the 2Sth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Roads from the North End of the said Roads, to the 7*oil Gate at the North End of the said Town of Biggleswade, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through the

Town of Shefford, and Carrington Cotton End, to a Lane opposite a Farm House called Saint Leonard’s, leading into the Turnpike Road from Albans, to the Town of Bedford, and also the Road from the Turning out of the aforesaid Road into Henlovj Field to Gerford Bridge; and also the Road from the Town of Henlozv, over Henlow Bridge, to Arlefey, in the County of Bedford-, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter* of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follower h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Two first-mentioned Petitions, Mr. John Bury and Mr. being severally examined, laid. That they know the Roads mentioned in the said Petitions; that they are in a very bad Condition, narrow in several Places, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being.

And to prove the Allegations of the Third-mentioned Petition, the Acts of the 6th, 12th, and 28th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and were read: And,

Mr. Isaac Wilkinson, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That large Sums of Money have been bor- rowed, and laid out upon the Repair of the Roads mentioned in the Petition; that great Progress has been made in the Repair thereof; but that the same are in some Parts narrow, and out of Repair, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws in being: And,

Mr. John Bury, being examined, said, That the Road from Baldock to Hitchin, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and in some Places impassable for Carriages, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being: And,

Mr. James Clearfin confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Bury, and added, That the Road from Radio ell Corner to Arlefey, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

And to prove the Allegations of the Fourth-mentioned Petition, the said Act of the 30th Year of his late Majesty was read: And,

Mr. Bury said. That large Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and great Progress made in the Repair of the Roads, but that the Money now owing cannot be repaid, and the Roads.

effectually

Hitchin,

&c.

Road*.

Payne's

Name*

Duties on Leather.

9 Geo. III. so0 Felru i

effectually repaired, without the Terms of the said Act are enlarged, and further continued.

And he further said, That the Road from the Way Post leading from Hit chin through and

Langford, to Biggleswade, is in a ruinous Condition, nar-

row, and dangerous, and cannot be repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament.

Mr. C/earfon confirmed the above Evidence.

Then to prove the Allegations of the Fifth Petition, Mr. Bury and Mr. Richard being severally

examined, said. That the Roads mentioned in the said Petition, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Dunstable, Ba/dock, and

Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridge; and from the West End of Wellbury to the Turnpike Road at the South. End of , in the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and Cambridge: And that Mr.

Plumer, Mr. Jennings, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, and the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Ste, in the County of Hertford ',to Biggleswade, in the County of , and

other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Ra to the Turnpike Road at Arlefey, in the County of Bedford: And that Mr. Plumer, Mr. Jennings, and Mr. Halsey, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual. An Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road, from Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Roads from Shefford Way Post, to the Turnpike Road at Arlefey, and from the North End of Henlow to Bigglefivade, in the County of Bedford: And that Mr. Plumer, Mr. Jennings, and Mr. Halsey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Stephen Payne, Esquire, and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Gallway pursuant to the Will of Tobias Wall Gallway, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Payne, ML Manners, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,' at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Bridle-cutters, Collar-makers, and other Dealers in Leather, in the City of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the exhorbitant Price of Leather; and alledging, that through Means of the Bounty given on Exportation, and the Decrease of Slaughter, tanned Hides and slaughtered Calf-Skins are still likely to be dearer: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be relieved in the Premises by the Discontinuance of the Bounty on Exportation, and by the Permission of a free Importation for a limited Time, or by such. other Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent; the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool

Vol. 32.

A Petition of the Debtors in the County Gaol of Hereford was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing and draining the Open Fields, Meadows, Fens, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of North Hicham, in the County of Lincoln was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except a, Person claiming an Estate, which is now in Chancery, which consists of about 120 Acres; and also except the Reverend Henry Bate, who, as perpetual Curate of the said Parish, is entitled to Four Acres of Glebe Lands, and the ffloft considerable Part of the Great and Small Tythes, and who could not be found); and that the whole Lands to be inclosed consist of about 1102 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Billj and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. *

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing pertain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds,--within the Township of SanBon, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Philip Lang* dale, Esquire, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others interested in the Lands and Estates within the Township of SanBon, in the County of York was re- ferred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Robert Shields, who is the Owner of Two Common Right Houses, and about an Acre and an Half of Land, of the Annual Value of i8r.; and also, except Thomas Waudby and Thomas Knowlton, who hold Lands and Tenements on Lease, under the Yearly Value of £ 2. 7 s. 2d.} and which said Three Persons, being severally applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Value of the Freehold Lands intended to be inclosed is £. 286. 9?. 4 d.and of the Leasehold Lands £. 47. 9-r. 3 d.), and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and after-, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing that Part or Share of Belper Ward, which belongeth to in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Clarke,&c.: And they are to meet this:

Afternoon,

Hereford

Debtors.

North

Hickhatn

lndofure.

San&oa

lndofure.

Highedge

Inclosure*

232

20* Febru.

A* 1769.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Insolvent Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Debtors. the Relief of insolvent Debtors: And that Mr. Serjeant Nares, the L-ord North, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Gray, Mr. Morton, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

East India The House being informed, that Mr. Warren, Accompany' comptant to the United Company of Merchants trad-Affatrs. }ng tQ tj1c Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Annual Account of the East India Company’s Affairs, made up the 30th June 1768.

And ther\,he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Court of Directors for the Affairs of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Isaac Warren, Esquire, do, upon Friday Morning next, attend the said Committee of the whole House.

Westminster Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Paving. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleans-ing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Jler, and other Parts therein mentioned; and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned j was referred; That the Committee had directed him to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising a Fund, for completing the several Purposes of the Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of , and Parts adjacent j

and for other Purposes.

And Mr. Kynaston moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising a Fund, for completing the several Purposes of the Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent j and for other Purposes; And that Mr; Kynaston, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bulli Mr. Low, Mr. John Grey, and General Howard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1768 to the 24th of June 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1768 to the 24th of June 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th June 1768 to the 24th of June 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coastof Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the' Exchequer Bills,.made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Quiet of the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Subjects, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and rendfer more effectual, an Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whple House, upon the said Bill.

Sapply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty*-

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1769, be referred to the said Committee,

16

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Accompts shewing the Income of, and Charge upon, the Sinking Fond, for the Quarter ended the 5th of January 1768, and the Quarter ended the 5th of January 1769.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ways and Means*

Account

ordered*

Sicking

Fund.

9 Geo. III. 21° Februarii: 233

Martis, 210 Februarii;

Anno 90 Georgii IIIt,s Regis, 1769. Prayers.

York and A BILL for enabling His Majesty to license a Play-Kingston house in the City of York, and in the Town and

rS?" " County of the Town of Kingston upon , was read a

Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. 'Turner,

Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Duties on Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Leather. Account of the Drawbacks on Leather exported, from

Christmas 1761 to Christma 1768* distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties of Exciseon Leather, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1768; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duties on Raw Hides imported, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1768; distinguishing each Year.

Exeter, &c. A Petition of the Trustees for the Sub-division of Roads. the Turnpike Roads leading from in Devon,

to the City of Exeter, was presented. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find a Petition is presented for a Bill to make a new Road, leading from Crediton, to the Outskirts of the said City, from St. David's Hill, through Howell's and Part of Pound Lane and Longb Street, to the Oxford Inn, Outside the East Gate of the said City, which Petition is founded on an Order made by a very few Trustees, without any previous Notice given of the said Meeting, and is made directly contrary to an Order, made by a vast Majority, at a Meeting held for that Purpose, on the 8th Day of AjtguJl last; and that these Petitioners, in pursuance of their Power, have borrowed £.5,400; and that the Expences of that Road, for Seven Years last pall, have exceeded the Income; and that much Interest is due, and several Bills unpaid; and that a large Sum is Wanting to put the Roads in a proper Repair; and that, if the new Road should be made as praposed, no Part of it being a Public Road, the Expence will be so great, that a moderate Toll raised thereon will not be sufficient to pay the Expence of purchasing Lands necessary to make and keep such a Road in Repair; and therefore the Creditors will be much injured, and the Travelling and Resort to the said City, from and to the Eastern and Western Parts of that Country will be much lessened, to its great Detriment and Loss; and that they find a Petition is also presented against the said Petition, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against it: And therefore praying, That these Petitioners may also be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition; and rnay have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem most just and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the acting Trustees, appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Sedond, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land, residing near and travelling on the Roads therein mentioned,-in the County of Devon, and County and City of Exeter; is referred; and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Vote. 3*.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, upon the Petition of the acting Trustees, appointed "by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter-, and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy,

Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land, residing near and travelling on the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Devon, and County and City of; against the Petition now presented.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Ebberston Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open InclosurtJ Fields, Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Ebberston, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Shawbury the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the *c-

County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County, *'-oads*

and from thence to Newcastle under , in the County of Stafford-, and from Shawburyaforesaid, to the Turn-

pike Road in High Erca/l, in the said County of Salop; and from Shawbury aforesaid, to Wem, in the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sattdford, in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Lascelles, See.'. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Sutton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Town Inclosure, Fields, Common Balks, Stinted Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Sutton, and Parish of -ton, in the East Riding of the County of: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and ir.closing several Ingham Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Inclosure. Parish of Ingham, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Ingham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Cujl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Elvlngtoa the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Inclosure. Meadows, Ings, and Common Lands, within the Parish of Elvington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, ac-. Wallmgham cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Indduia,

3 O OjJen

Mark field Inclosure.

Edwards* (and others) EUates.

Oxford

to

Coventry

CanaL

234 21* Februarii. A. 1769.

Open and Common Fields, Arabic, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of ftngham, in the County Palatine of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, within the Lord ship or Liberty of in the County of Leicester, and the Common Ground there, lying within the Ring or Boundaries of the same Fields, or adjoining thereto, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he i*ead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition, between John Edwards, Esquire, John Freemantle, Esquire and Frances his Wife, and Mary Edwards, Spinster, of several Estates, in the County of Middlesex, and City of devised by the

Will of John Schoppens, Esquire, deceased; and of the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said John pens, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending before the House, for making a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of,

to the City of Oxford; and that the Petitioners observe, that several Petitions have lately been presented to the House, praying. That the Course of the said Canal may be carried in a different Direction than is proposed by the Bill; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners have, at a very great Expence, proceeded to make the Navigation from Fradley Heath, to the City of Coventry, and that so much thereof as lies between Bedworth and Coventry, is now nearly completed; and that the Petitioners conceive it will be of great public Advantage if the Point of Junction of the proposed Canal with the Coventry Canal Navigation be made as near the said City as may be, without losing the Level, or occasioning any additional Lockage* which may be done at Longford, within Three Miles of the said City, and" from thence to be carried through or near the several Parishes of Anjly and Shilton, and the North East Part of the Lord ship or Liberty of Coombe, to Brinklow, and from thence to the City of Oxford, in the Course proposed by the Bill: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for making the Junction of the Two Canals at Longford aforesaid, instead of Gosford Green, and that the said proposed Canal may be tarried from such Point of Junction, through or near Anjly, Shilton, and the North East Part of Coombe aforesaid, to Brinklow.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereofj and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Glyn, Sir Roger Newdigate,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Three hundred Seventy-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment cf His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Eighty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth of June, Ope thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, to the Twenty-fourth of June, One thousand Seven hundred and-Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding. Four thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment bf His Majesty’s Colony of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, to the Twenty-fourth of,

One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Eight hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, to the Twenty-fourth of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred Eighty-five Pounds Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions, in North America, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Government of Senegambia, for the Year One thousand Seven

hundred and Sixty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of H/S present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, ior the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Sixty-eight," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The

"I 1

:du

jRochester and St rood Streets

New Radnor £lection.

Dundee

Election.

Eaton

lndosure.

9 Geo. lit 2I° — 22° Februarii. 235

The Order of the Day being read* for taking into Common Fields, Common failures. Common Meadows* further Consideration the Report which was made from and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County the Committee, to- whom the Petition of the Parishioners of Leicester.

of St. Nicholas, within the City of Rochester, and also of Ordered, That Lord George Sutton do carry the Bill to

the Town of Strood, within and without the Liberties of the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the same City, was referred

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Sir 'Robert presented to the ftoufe, accord- v &

Confederation upon Thursday Sevennight, the ad Day of ing to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effec-

March next. tual, An Act of the 28th of his late Majesty, for the 'street*.

better enlightening and cleansing the Open Places,

The other Order of the Day being read; Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages and Courts,

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the within the Parish of St. Bartholomew the;

Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an un- and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within due Election and Return for the Borough of New the said Parish $ and for empowering the Trustees, in Radnor. the said Act named, to pave the said Streets, and other

And thfe Counsel were called in Places within the said Parish, and to remove Annpy-

And the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded, and ances and Obstructions i And the same was received j examined several Witnesses, in order to prove further and read the First Time.

Alterations in the Corporation Book, with respect to Refo, That the Bill be read a Second Time, which Evidence had before been given.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Elvington prove frequent Demands having been, made by the CFpenFields, Meadows, Ings, and Common Lands, within Inclosure. Agents for the Petitioner, for Inspection of Books and the Parish of Elvington, in the East Riding of the County 1

Papers relating to the said Borough; and that such of York, was read the Third Time.

Demands were not complied with. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Then Part of the Original Charter of the said Bo- be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open rough, granted by King George the Second, in the Fields, Meadows, Ings, and Common Lands, within the Twelfth Year of his Reign, was read, in order to shew Parish of , in the East Riding of the County

the Manner of making free Burgesses of the said of York.

Borough. Ord, That Mr. Edward do carry the Bill The Counsel for the Petitioner then examined several to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to add the

Votes of Thirty-four Persons to the Petitioner’s Poll, Mr. John Robinson reportied from the Committee, to Bowes, Sec. "who offered to poll as Burgesses of the Borough of Radnor whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put Road, for the Petitioner, and were refilled by the Returning in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of Officer. his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repair-

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed ing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to to withdraw. Brough under Stainmore, in the County of

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of was referred; That the Committee had examined the the said Petitions be adjourned till Thursday next, at Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to Twelve of the Clock- report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j

Ordered, That John James do attend this House upon and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock. livered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was

read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow have Leave to make a To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Motion, it being Nine of the Clock. said Act was read: And,

And he moved the House accordingly. Mr, Thomas Stewardson, being examined, said. That

And the Order, made upon Tuesday the 17th Day the Trustees, appointed by the said Act, have made

of this Instant February, for hearing at the Bar of this a great Progress in repairing the said Rood; but that

House, the Matter of the Petition of Robert Mackintosh, the same is still, in some Places, ruinous, and in gene- Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Re- ral too narrow; and that it will not be possible effectu-turn for the Distriftof Burghs of Dundee, Perth, Saint ally to repair the said Road, and make the same of a Jndrezvs, Cupar, and Forfar, upon Monday Morning proper Breadth, unless the said Act be further continued*

next, was read. and the Tolls and Powers thereby granted, further

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. enlarged.

Ordered, That' the Matter of the said Petition be That the Road from to;

heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Seven- and also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal night, the 6th Day of March next. Works, at Taylor , in the County of Westmoreland,

and Tanhill, and King's Pitts, in the County of York;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow and also the Road from, the Foot of Barrow Brow, till Morning, Nine of the Clock. it joins the last mentioned Road at Middle Fell Dyke

Nook, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and utterly impafiable for Carriages, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

And that if the said Roads were properly repaired and widened, it would be very advantageous, not only to that Part of the Country, but to the Public in general.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Act for Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, of Eaton, in the County of Leicester> was read the Third to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Time. . land-, and for repairing and widening the Road from

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Maiden Castle to Kayber Cross; and also the Road from be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Maiden Castle to the Coal Works, at Taylor and Voi. 32. to

Mercurii, 2 2*;

Anno 9® Georgii III. U Regis, 1769. Prayers.

Oxford

to

Coventry

Canal.

Ditto.

Du tic* Leather.

336 2 2° Februarii. 1769*.

to T<»« Hi//, and King's Pitts; and also the Road from Barrow Brow to Middle Fell Dyke in the said

Counties: And that Mr. John Rob info n and Sir Charles Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Rickard Glyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had difedted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Parker, being examined, said. That great Pro-

gress hath been made in the Navigation from Fradley Heath to the City of Coventry, and that so much thereof as lies between Bedworth and Coventry is nearly completed; that it will be of great public Advantage, if the Point of Jundlion of the propol'ed Canal from Coventry to Oxford, with the Coventry Canal Navigation, be

made as near the said City as may be, without losing the Level, or occasioning any additional Lockage, \frhich may be done at a certain Place called within Three Miles of the said City, and from thence be carried through or near the several Parishes of Anjly and Shilton, and the North East Part of the Lordship

of Combe to Brinklow, and from thence to the City of Oxford.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for making the Jundlion of the proposed Canal, with the Coventry Canal Navigation, at a certain Place called Longford, within Three Miles of the said City of Coventry,

A Petition of John Smith ', Owner and Occupier of a certain Water Corn Mill called Temple Mill, Zachariah Carter, Occupier of another Water Corn Mill called Brailes Mill, Joseph Mathews, Owner and Occupier of another Water Corn Mill called Whitchford John

Harris, Occupier of another Water Corn Mill called Sutton Mill, Ralph Eden, Owner and Occupier of another Water' Corn Mill called Stourton Mill, William Steel, Owner and Occupier of another Water Corn Mill called Cherington Mill, James sapin. Occupier of another

Water Corn Mill called Wefion Mill, William Sheldon}Occupier of another Water Com Mill called Biarmington Richard Watkins and Thomas Parry, Occupiers of another Water Corn Mill and Fulling Mill called Barcheflon Mill, and Thomas Stevens, Occupier of another Water Corn Mill called Shipston Mill, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Mills are upon a Stream or River called The Stower; and that the Petitioners, being informed that the Intended Navigable Canal from Coventry to Oxford is to be supplied with Water from no other Stream* or River than The Stower, which, if directed out of its ancient Course, mull greatly hurt some of the Petitioners, and entirely ruin others of them: And therefore praying, that their same may be taken into Conilderation, and that, if the said intended Canal is to take Place, such Provision or All lowance may be made to the Petitioners, as the Nature of their same may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigabje Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, is committed.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of the several Mysteries of Cordwainers and Curriers, of 16

the City of London, the Tanners in England; and also the Cordwainers, Sadlers, and Curriers, of the City of Bristol', on Behalf of themselves, and others interested in the Leather Trade; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thar, by reason of the great Increase in the Consumption of Leather in this Kingdom* the Price thereof is so much advanced, as to make it necessary to encourage, by aH possible Means, the Importation of Raw Hides and Skins; to eflfe&uate which, the Petitioners humbly submit, that.it would be of great Advantage to take oft the Duty at present paid on such Importation; that, though the complete Manufacturer draws back the whole Duty on. the Exportation of Leather made into Wares, yet in Fact he does not derive (O’ great an Advantage thereby as, it is presumed, was meant and intended by the Legislature at the Time of giving-that Drawback, as One Half of the Material at lead is wasted, upon which the Duty was paid, before it becomes in a perfect State of Manufacture and submitting to the Consideration of the House, whether a Bounty ought not to be allowed on Exportation of Leather made into Wares: And' praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as the same of the Petitioners requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, and Dealers in Ditto.

Leather, with the other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Honiton, was also presented to the House, and read; Complaining of th'c high Price of Leather* and humbly conceiving, that it may be expedient and necessary, not only to take off the Debentures on the ' Exportation of Unwrought Leather, but to encourage the Importation of Raw Hides and Skins, by a Bounty ual to the Drawback now allowed on the Exportation unwrought Leather; and moreover to lay a Duty of One Penny a Pound on all unwrought Leather that shall be exported from this Kingdom: And praying the House, to take the Premises into-Consideration, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall seem most meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners,

Curriers, Shoemakers, and others, dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, is referred.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account count of the Quantity of Tanners Bark exported, from ordere<1: Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1768; distinguishing each Tanner*Bir* Year.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom NewMalton, the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act; &c*

made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for Roads*

repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the floufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Coinage next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House,

Supply*

BVeddington

Inciosure,

Noel>t

-Nat-

Harlow fiufli Common % &c* Road.

9 Geo. III.

House, to consider of the Acts for the Encouragement of the Coinage of Monies.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma*> jesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Charles of

London, Merchant, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Hpufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution j which they had

237

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

General Conway presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of erecting a Magazine for Gunpowder, and other Conveniences, upon the King’s Land, at Priddy's Hard, in Portsmouth Harbour.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

2 2° Februarii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of erecting a Magazine for Gunpowder, and other Conveniences, upon the King’s Land, at Priddy's Hard, in Portsmouth Harbour, in lieu of the Magazine situated in the Town, which is directed to be removed, as requested by the Corporation of: Prepared pursuant to His Majesty’s

Order in Council, dated 23d November 1768.

Magazine - *

Cooperage, i£c.

Incidents -

Two Wells - *

Wharf, and Rolling Way

3,220-----

420 — —

150-----

100-----

3,031 13 o

£.6,921 13 o

H. S. Conway, Charles Frederick, A, W. R. , Cha*. .

Office of Ordnance,

21 February 1769.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie updtl the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddont

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of the Honourable William Noel, Esquire, detea fed, situate in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising therefrom as therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

VOL. 32.

for enlarging the Term and lowers, granted by an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, in the Parish of Walberton, in the County of Sussex, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Rauert, with some Amendments;

to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, in and near the Town of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Oxford, which Navigation will, when completed,

open a very extensive Communication with the other

Estimate prefer ted: Ordnance.

Walberton

Inclosure.

Rauert’s

Nat.

Oxford

to

Coventry

Canal.

East India T roops*

Ways and Means.

Ditto.

2 2° — 2 30

A. 1769:

Navigations already made, and now making, in different Parts of this Kingdom, and will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be 6f public Utility; and that the Petitioners have been informed, there are Two different Courses surveyed, levelled, and planned, for the said intended Navigation, near the City of Coventry* which are very near equal in Length; but that one of them cannot be made without a Lockage of One Hundred and Twenty-eight Feet, and the other will be upon a level with the other Parts of the adjacent Navigation; And therefore praying, That the Ccurfe planned for the level Navigation may be preferred; and that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a-Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of to the City of

Oxford \is committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the East India Company do lay before this House an Account of the Number of Troops, by the last Accounts, in each Settlement; specifying the European Troops, the Country Troops, and the European Officers employed in them; Bating whether any, or what Part, of the Bengal Army is, or has been, paid by Sujak Dowlahyiox the Protection granted him by the Company; as also an Account of the Number of Troops sent, or under Orders to go, since those Accounts were made;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 1 , .

9 l Mr. James Townsend:

Tellers for the Noa,^^^. Whitw

So it palPed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, the State of the Cash in the Treasuries of the different Presidencies, at the Departure of the last Ships; together with the several Sums advanced for the different Investmffiits.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expences of each Settlement in from the ift of January 1767, to the 1 ft of January 1768; distinguishing the Civil from the Military Establishment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extracts of all such Letters from Lord , relative to the Revenues, as have not been laid before this House; with all such Statements, if any, as have been made by his Lord fh ip or Mr. Sykes.

}.o.

167.

Ordered, That tire Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Arid the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworthtook the Chairof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingossed Bill for appointing Commissioners for LBndTax. putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine; and for securing and preserving Duplicates, of Assessments, and other Papers relating to the Land Tax.'

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

t

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, on Friday Morning Quiet of the next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Subjects. upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 30 die Februarii;

Anno 90 Georgii III*U Regis, 1769.

pRA Y ERS.

MR. Whichcot presented to the House, according to Barnolby-l*-

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands and Grounds, in the Pari lb of Inclosure*

Beck, in the County of Lincoln: And "the same "was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to Waltham Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and ludofure. Common Fields and Grounds within the Parish of tham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to South Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and '' ‘‘Im^hara Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of South nc 3 ure* Willingham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Ampney Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and I'idol* re. Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Downs, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manors and Parishes of Holyrood Ampney, otherwise Ampney Crucis, and Ampney Mary, otherwise Ashbrock, in the county of :

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Laroche presented to the House, according to Bodmin, Scz. Order a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads Roadi. ' leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County

Wooton

laduiure.

O

Chipping

Norton

ladofure.

Manchester

New Church*

Carnarvon

Road,

Pengate, Sc c. Road.

Geo. III. 2 %° FebruariL239

County of Cornwall: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of

Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. H,arbord, Sec.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open arid Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Chipping Norton and in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed ta Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Harbord,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Ditnock, Vicar of Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, a Bill is depending for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the county of ; and that

the Petitioner conceives it is reasonable that his Income, as Vicar of the said Parish, shoukl be improved by the said Inclosure, in some Proportion with other ' Estates within the said Parishes; but that no Provision is made in the said Bill for any such Purpose: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Edward Byrom, Esquire, to complete a Building, intended for a new Church, in the Town of Manchester, and for making the same a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf6: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Edward Byrom, Esquire, to complete a Building, intended for a new Church, in the Town of Manchester, and for making the same a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr, Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wynn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from lainyCafn Ferry, in the county of ,

and through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and Car-tiarvon, to the Town of Pwllhely, in the same County: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Scend, in the County of Wilts, to Beckington in the County of

and also of fane Rowdier, and other Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Act; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition is presented for Power to remove off from the Westbury Road a Gate erected by the Petitioners the Trustees, at the Cross Ways near Simmington -, and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Removing such Gate will

V OL. J2.

greatly lessen the Tncome of the Tolls, and diminish the Security of the Petitioners the Mortgagees: And therefore praying, That such Powers may not be granted! and that they may have such further Relief in the Premises as, to the House shall seem meet; and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Pengate, to,

and other Roads in the County of so far as relates to the Second District of Road contained in the said Act; and for amending several other Roads near adjoining to the said Roads; is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an lnftrudlion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Prisoners, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, being Prisoners confined for Debt in the Gaol in and for the County of Staffird, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon this Table.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Birmingham to Bilstone, and from thence to Autherly, there to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and; and for making collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines; and to explain and amend the said Act; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ift his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor or Pa-rifli of Grendon Underwood, in the County of Buckingham, was committed* That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, -with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Be ingrossed.

Mr-. Marshampresented to the House, according to

Order,

ftiftrefled

Debtors.

Birmingham

CanaL

Grendon

Underwood

Inclosure*

Maidstone#

Biddulph’s £ dates.

Oxford

to

Coventry

Canal.

Privilege.

Earl of Abingdon's and Bertie’s Jointure.

240 2$° FebruafiL‘ A. 1^69.

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone, through Debtling, to Key in the Parishes

of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent r And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the ingroded Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Biddulph, Esquire, and his Three lofartt

Sons, John Biddulph, Charles , and Thomas

dulph, to grant Leases of certain Manors, capital and other Messuages, Mansion Houses, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Stafford, of which they

are Tenants for Life mcceffively, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the^ Bill to the House, without any Amendment, and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

1

A Petition of the several Inhabitants residing in and neat the Towns of Banbury and in the County of Oxford, and Brackley, in the County of

whose Names are thereunto fct, on Behalf of themselves, arid many other Labourers in Husbandry and Manufactures, who with their Families, are now in the greatest Distress for Want of Fuel, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is now depending, for making a Navigable Canal from Coventry to , which gives the

Petitioners a distant Prospect of being relieved from their Distress for Want of Fuel: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, or that such other Relief may be given to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal* Navigation, at or near the City of , to the City

of Oxford, is committed.

A Petition of John Tarleton, Esquire, and John Philips, both of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, who were ordered to attend this House upon Friday last, and came from Liverpool to attend this House accordingly, being offered to be prefen ted to the House j

The House was moved, that the Evidence taken upon Friday last, upon the Examination into the Matter of a Complaint against John H, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up j

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Jointures for the Wives, and providing Portions for the younger Children of the Right honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, and the Honourable Peregrine Bertie, his Brother; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir John Rous be added to the Gen-

tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Bridge, to the Place where the East Gate lately flood, in the Town of Bury, in the county of .

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Darly Moor, in the Courtly of Derby, to Ellafton, in the County of Stafford, and from- thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford.

A Petition of the Company of Cordwainers, in conjunction with the Curriers, Sadlers, Collarmakers, and other Manufacturers using Tanned Leather, of the City of Worcester \ and likewise of the above Traders resident in Bewdley, Kiddermitifter, Stourbridge, Dudley, Bromf-grove, &c. in Worcesterjliire;was presented to the House, and read j Complaining of the high Price of Tanned Leather; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be

granted to His Majesty, to be applied and paid to harles Dingley, of London, Merchant, as a Reward to him, for having erected, and brought to Perfection, for the Benefit of the Public, a Wind Saw-mill at house, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of manufacturing Timber into Wainscot and Deals; and as a Recompence for the Lois he sustained, in the wilful Destruction of the said Wind Saw-mill, by a Number of riotous and disorderly Persons, in the Month of May last.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the £th Day of April 1770, to be exchanged and received inPayment, in such Manner'as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord

Scole Br:*_» Road

Darlv Mo* Road.

Ihitte on Leather.

Suppf/.

Ways and Means*

Shrewsbury Election.

Abingdon

E!c<5hon.

Pembroke

Election.

Powey

Election.

Kinross ' Ekftion.

CJrencester

Election.

9 Gto. III. 23

241

'North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkin/oMr. Mr. At-

torney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Tue/daythe 14th Day of this lnstant for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon the 7th

Day of March' next, the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shrewsbury, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 9th Day of March next, at Eleven of the Clock.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the 14th Day of this lnstant February, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next, the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of A, in the County of Berks, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 7 th

Day of March next.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the 14th Day of this lnstant February, for hearing at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday next, the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Owen, complaining of an undue Eledioaand Return for the County of might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 7th Day of March next.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the 14th Day of this lnstant February, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next, the Matter of the Petition of John Williams, and Thomas Arlington, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Foivey, in the County of Cornwall, might be read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be . heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 7th Day of March next.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the 14th. Day of this lnstant February, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next, the Matter of the Petition of John lrw Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Kinro/s, in North Britain, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 7th Day of March next.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the 14th Day of this lnstant February, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next, the Matter of the Petition of Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of , might

be read.

: And the said Order being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard Vot. 32.

at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 7 th Day of March next.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Sudbury the 14th Day of this lnstant February, for hearing at Election, the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next, the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 7th Day of March next.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Carmarthen the 14th Day of this lnstant February, for hearing at Election. the Bar of this House, upon Thur/the 2d Day of March next, the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County Borough of Carmarthen, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 7th Day of March next.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon w*amoreUnd the 14th Day of this lnstant February, for hearing at lou* the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 2d Day of March next, the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Westmoreland, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 7th Day of March next.

The House was moved, that the Order triade upon the Linlithgow 14th Day of this lnstant February, for hearing at the Bar Election. of this House, upon Thursday the 2d Day of March next, the Matter of the Petition of James Dundas, of Dnndas,

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Linlithgow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon T the 7th Day of March next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at Winchdfea the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of the Election. Right honourable Sir Thomas Sewell, Knight, Matter of the Rolls, and Richard Phillip/on, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of -chelsea, in the County of Sussex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at Bridgewater the Bar of this House, the Matter of the several Peti- Election. tions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Seven-night, the 2d Day of March next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, leather, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the

3 Q Tanners,

New Radnor Election.

North Hick ham Inclosure.

Macclesfield, & c. Road.

242 2 3" — 24° Februarii. A. 1769.

Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Resolve, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Legh» Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, Mr. , See.: And they are to meet this Af-be now read. ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

And the said Order being read accordingly; Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable LeU

Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, in the Town- Inclosure. The other Order of the Day being read; ship of in the Parish of , in,

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an un- Second Time.

due Election and Return, for the Borough of New Resolved, That the Bill be committed to~ Mr.*

Radnor. Thompson, Mr. Legh,: And they are to meet this

And the Counsel were called in Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

And the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded in their Chamber.

Evidence.

And several Entries in the Corporation Books were Mr. presented to the House, according to Norwich

read. Order a Bill for repairing and widening the Road to

Then the said Counsel examined a Witness, in order from the City of , to Scole Bridge, in the County

to prove that the said Books had been kept out of the of Norfolk: And the fame-was received; and read the said Borough. First Time.

They then examined several Witnesses, in order to Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, shew the Custom of electing Burgesses of the Contribu-

tary Boroughs of Rhayder, Knuclafs, and Knighton. Sir John Rous presented to the House, according to Scole Bridge

They then produced Evidence, and examined several Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road Roa<1* Witnesses, in order to add the Votes of 14 Persons to the from Scole Bridge, to the Place where the East Gate Petitioner’s Poll, who offered to poll as Burgesses of the lately flood, in the Town of Bury, in the County of said Contributary Borough of Knuclafs for the Petitioner, Suffolk And the same was received; and read the and were refused by the Returning Officer. First Time.

The laid Counsel then examined several Witnesses, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify 96 Per-

fons, who voted for the Sitting Member, as Burgesses of Mr. Ongley presented to the House, according to Sondoa

the said Contributary Boroughs of Rhayder and Knuclafs, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Indofme. as having been made Burgesses by a Steward of the said Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

Boroughs, who had been appointed to that Office by within the Manor and Parish of Sundon, in the County Letters Patent, which were not inrolled within Six of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the Months after the Palling of the said Letters Patent, First Time.

though there was a Proviso in the said Letters Patent Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, that they should be void if the same were not inrolled _ '

within Six Months. An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act,

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to for appointing Jointures for the Wives, and providing and Bertie's withdraw. Portions for the younger Children, of the Right honour- Jointures,

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of *blc fEarl of Abingdon, and the Honourable

the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday next, at Peregrine Bertie, his Brother; and for other Purposes Twelve of the Clock. therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock. Mr. presented to the House, according to Beverley,

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from _&c* Beverley, to the Ferry at Hefsle; and from the Malt on Guide to the Gravel Pit at Cotlingham, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for extending and continuing navigable the CaMer River Colder, to or near Sowerby Bridge, in the Parish Navigation, of Halifax: and for making navigable the River

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing, inclosing, and drain- Helig, or Brook, from Brook's Mouth, Salter

ing the Open Fields, Meadows, Fens, Pastures, Hebble Bridge, in the County of York; and for repealing Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty, foe Hickham, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord John

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Cavendish, Mr. Montagu, See.: And they are to meet be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Open Fields, Meadows, Fens, Pastures, Commons, and Chamber.

Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North Hickham, in

the County of Lincoln. The House was moved, that the Petition of several Ditto,

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcotdo carry the Bill to the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others. Inhabitants Lords, and desire their Concurrence. of the Towns of Rochdale, and Bury, in the County Palatine of and Sowerby, Soyland,

A Bill to repair and widen the Road from the broken Warley, and Norland, in the County of York, in Behalf Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, over of themselves and others, which was presented to the the LongMofs and Monks Heath, to the T urnpike Road House upon Tuesday the 7th Day of this Instant Febru-

in Nether Tabby, in the said County, and for turning ary, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be and exchanging Part of the said Road, was read a again read.

Second Time. And the feme being read accordingly j

21 Ordered,

Veneris, 24.0 Februarii;

Anno 9® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1769.

0

Prayers.

9 Geo. III. 240 Febru 243

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. The House was also moved, that the Petition of William Banks, of Leeds, in the County of , Merchant,

which was presented to the House upon Thursday the 16th Day of this Instant , and then ordered to

lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-:mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ofbaldwick A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds

Inclosure. lying in OJbaldwick, with Gate , and Peterlmd Rowyin the County of York', was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward"

Lascelles, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And -they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

CubEngton Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to

ladofura. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, in the Manor, PariQi, Liberties, or Precincts, of lington, in the County of Buckingham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Whore the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

BimunAam An ingrossed Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable - Cut or Canal, from Birmingham to , and from

thence to Antherly, there to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and Trentand for making collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines; and to explain and amend the said Act; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, from Birmingham to Bil/tone, and from thence to Autherly, there to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and Trent; and for making collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines; and to explain and amend the said Act.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bramky A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, ladofute. or Moors, within the Township of Brantley, in the Pa-rilli of Braithwell, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 32.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Fuller, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- Pengate, cution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for re- *

pairing and widening the Road from the West End of Seend Street, in the County of Wil, to the Horse.

Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County; and also of the Mortgagees of the Tolls arising from the several Turnpike Gates erected by virtue of the said Act, and of the Inhabitants of the Town of,

and the adjacent Parishes, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of a Petition from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of We ft bury, in the county of ; of the Inhabitants of Semington, in the said County; and of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the same County; and setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that they have not only an undoubted Right to erect a Gate ou the Road leading from Melhsham to Semington by virtue of the first-mentioned Act, but that it is neceflfaiy towards the Support of the Roads comprised therein; and though it is alledged, that the Wtfibury Trustees have laid out £. 600 on the Road between Yarnbrook and Melhsham, yet the several Parishes, through which

that Road lies have been at the chief Expence, and that little or no Assistance hath been received from the said West bury Trustees; and representing to the House, that it'would be injurious to the Town of Melhsham, and the several neighbouring Parishes if the Trustees for putting in Execution the West bury Act, should be impowered to erect any other Gate for Collection of Tolls, than what tl^ey are already impowered to set up by their present Act, between Melhsham and; and

that, though the Tolls collected at the Gate leading to Semington may have amounted Annually to £. 50 and which, with the Collections at the other Gates, may have amounted to near £. 700 Annually, yet the Revenue of such Tolls has never been more than sufficienc to support the said Road; and that of late there ba!s been such a Decrease of Tolls that almost Two Years Interest for the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls still remains in Arrear; and that, in the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, there is a Clause exempting Persons travelling between West-bur y and Melhsham from Payment of more than One Toll, as soon as the Sum of £. 500 should be laid out bn such Part of the Roads thereby intended to be re-

Saired as leads from Yarnbrook, up West Ashton Bill, to ielkfkam; and that the said Sum of £. 500 has been accordingly laid out on that Road; and praying, that they may not be deprived of the Benefit of the said Exemption, to which they are so entitled by the said Clause; and further setting forth, that, by a Clause in the last mentioned Act, the Trustees are restrained from erecting any Gate, in or upon any Part of the Road in the First District that lies between the present Turnpike Road at Melhsham, and the Turnpike Road leading from Steeple Ashton to Trowbridge, by the Repeal of which Clause, the Petitioners are of Opinion, the Country would be great Sufferers: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill now depending as materially affect the Petitioners, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- West cution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty- LaWngton, fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the -Road Ro^jk leading from W0 Lavington to The Devizes, and from

Insolvent

Debtors.

Norwich

to

Great

Yarmouth

Road

244 240 FebruariL 1709.

The Devizes to Seer.d, in the County of and of

the Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the same Act, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the said Act there are Two separate and distinct Districts of Road directed to be repaired, one from West Lavington to The Devizes, and the other from The Devizes to Seend; and that the Tolls to be collected on each District, and the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, are thereby made applicable to the Repairs of each District respectively; and that the said Trustees have, at different Times, borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Act, for the Repair of each District of Road, Part whereof still remains due, notwithstanding which, the Tolls arising thereon are not sufficient for repairing the said Roads; and that the Petitioners have seen and perused a Bill depending in the House, for repairing the Road leading from Latchctt's Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Conok, and from the End of Market Lavington Road, near Dewey's Water, to the Turnpike Road at or near the Ninety-third Mile Stone, in the Road leading to -flam, and from the Turnpike Road at the End of Market Lavington Field, over the Downs, to the Turnpike Road at or near the Ten Mile Stone, in the Road leading from Redkone Hill, and other Purposes therein mentioned; and, that at the Time of passing the said Act of the Twenty-fourth of his late Majesty, the most common and usual Road for Travellers, from Dewey's Water, to the said Ninety-third Milestone, was through The Devizes; and that for the Public Utility, and by virtue of the said Act, the Trustees thereof put all the said Road, from Dewey’s Water, through The Devizes, to the said Ninety-third Mile Stone in Repair, as the same now is, and the Mortgagees of the said Tolls advanced Money for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the said Road from Dewey’s Water, through The Devizes, to the Ninety-third Milestone, is very little further than any other Road which can be made from Dewey’s Water to the said Ninety-third Mile Stone, and that if the said Bill palfes into a La\v, the Petitioners the Mortgagees apprehend that the Money due to them will become very precarious: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by themselves or -their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may prove injurious to the Petitioners Property; and that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be ferred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from , to Latchett's

Bridge, and other Roads in the County of Wilts, so far as relates to the second District of Road contained in the said Act, and for amending several other Roads near adjoining to the said Roads, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 10th Day of this Instant F" That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Road from ' Bishops-gate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to

the North Gates in the Borough of Great,

" in the County of Norfolk" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, That the said Order be discharged;

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the City of Norzuich, which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of January last; and also, the Petition of the Magistrafes, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others. Inhabitants of the Burgh of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, which was presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January last; and also, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petitions Were referred; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in 'a Bill for amending the Road from Bridge, in the

City of Norwich to a Stone formerly called the Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Cafter Cattfeway; Two Miles and an Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth,: And that Mr. Harbord, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charles Townshend, and Mr. Richard Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Shaxton, otherwise Shachfton, otherwise Shackerfton, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the BilL with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of William Fitz Thomas, Esquire, Thomas Mason, Esquire, Thomas Ramell, Gentleman, and Elizabeth Nelson, Widow, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That the River Avon is navigable from Ttwkesbury, to Stratford upon Avon; and that, in the Year 1751 an Act was passed for the better regulating the said River, and for the ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage, whereby Liberty was given to act Persons to navigate on the fame, paying certain Rates therebyestablished; and the Proprietors of the said Navigation for the Time being are, by the said Act, obliged to keep the said River free from Obstructions, and the Locks, Sluices, Weirs, and Flood-gates thereon, in good and sufficient Repair; and that, at the Time of, passing the said Act, the said River was, and hath ever since been, divided into Two Districts, called The Upper and Lower Navigation: and that the Petitioners William Fitz Thomas, and Thomas Majon, in their own Rights, and the Petitioners Thomas R and Elizabeth Nelson,

in Trust for the Children of Joseph Biddell, Esquire, deceased, several of which Children are Minors, are joint Proprietors of the said Upper Navigation: and that the Petitioners are obliged every Year to expend large Sums in repairing the Sluices, Weirs, and Flood-gates, in their District of the said Navigation; and that, before, and at the Tipie of passing the said Act, a very considerable

Sliaxt on Inclosure.

Oxford

to

Coventry

CaiiaL

9 Geo. III.

24* — 2 f0'Fe

H5

siderable Trade was carried on upon the said River; and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to East India that the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that Leave resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Company, has been given to bring in a Bill, for making and consider of the Petition of the Court of Directors for maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal , the Affairs of the United Company of Merchants of Navigatfon, at or near the City of Coventry, to Oxford; England trading to the; N

and that the Petitioners apprehend their Property in the R That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Navigation of the said River Avon will be greatly ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider of the said Petition.

OThat Isaac Esquire, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

afte&ed, and lessened in Value, by the said Bill: And therefore praying, That if the said Bill be committed, it may be an Instruction to the Committee, to admit the Petitioners to be heard by their Counsel, and to examine Witnessfes, in Support of the Allegations of their Petition; and that the Petitioners may severally have such Recompence for the Loss they respectively may sustain, and in such Manner, as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conr

sideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of- the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Accounts presented: Umt Hides,

tic.

The other Order of the Day being read;

.The-House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lascelles took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, That they had gone through' the' Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Quiet of the Subjects.

m TT r , c , -t. , r Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from M . r r J v

P Ammiflsrvnorc r\C tlsa' f Arl of tko ®

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Produce of the Duties on Raw Hides imported into England, from 1761,

to Christmas 1768; distinguishing each Year; And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Tanners Bark which has been exported from England, from Christmas 1761, to Christmas 1768; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That' the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

And then the House adjourned till Monday . Morning next, Nine of the Clock. *

Luncey 2 7° dieFebruarii; Anno 9* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1769. Prayers.

MR. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill

Account presented: Duties on Leather.

for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, iji the Manor, Parish, Liberties, or Precincts, of

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other %!!* *n County of Buckingham, was re-committed. Papers of this SeQion. Thar the ComrmHee hadmadeOneother Amendment

r to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed. '

Cublington

Inclosure.

The House being informed, that Mr. Haldane, from the Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties of Excise on Leather, from Midsummer 1761 to Midsummer 1768; distinguishing each Year, v And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred _ .

°to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading Public Passages, in the Town -to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, "

the Tanners, Carriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Call of the The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, House. being read;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 10th Day of March next.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as do not then attend, be sent for in Custody <?f the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Vol. 3a.

A Bill for the more effectual paving, cleansing, light- Gainsburgh ing, and^ watching, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Paving.

— in the County of Lincolns and for laying a Duty on all Coals brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the same to such Purposes, was read a Second > .

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cot, Mr. Montagu, See.:And they are to meet this Afternopn, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Inclosure.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands Bamolby-Ie-and Grounds, in the Parish of Bain the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -cot, Mr. Montagu, See.: And they are to meet this

3 R. Afternoon,

246 270 Februariu A. 1769.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, In the Speaker’s Chamber.

Waltham A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and IadoTure. Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Waltham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

<ot, Mr. Freeman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

South A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Willin*ham Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Indofuae. South Willingham, in the County of Lincoln, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cot, Mr. Freeman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Noel’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for veiling the Estate of the Honourable William Noel, Esquire, deceased, situate in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising therefrom as therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -cot, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Birmingham Mr. Kynajlonpresented to the House, according to Streets. Order, a Bill for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages, within the Town of;

and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for removing and' preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pengate, A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there-

tec. unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Three

Roads. several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads

from the City of Salisbury, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is depending in the House, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Pengate, in the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, to Latchetls Bridge, near the East End of Market Lavington and other Roads therein mentioned; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law in the Form it now appears in, the same will be greatly injurious to the above Turnpikes from Salisbury to Bath, and would be of no public Utility: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House ftial! seem meet.

0. A Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands,

in the several Villages and Hamlets of Warton and Bulk-ington, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and read;- Setting forth. That the Petitioners have seen and perused a Bill, depending in the House, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Pengate, in the Parish of Westbury, to Latchetts Bridge, near Market Lavington, and the Road leading from Market Lavington to the Turnpike Road near Dewey's Water, and the Road leading from Bolejborough to Lane End, and

.the Road leading from to the Turnpike Road

at Melksham, in the County of Wilts; and for repairing

not only the Roads mentioned in the said Act, but also the Roads leading from Latchetts Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Connock, and from the End of Market Lavington Road, near Dewey's Water, to the Turnpike Road, at or near the Ninety-third Mile Ston^? in the Road leading to Melksham, and from the Turnpike Road, at the End of Market Lavington Field, over the Downs, to the Turnpike Road, at or near the Ten Mile Stone, in the Road leading from Redhone Hill to Fisherton , and the Road from the said Turnpike Road at the Top of Market Lavington Hill, to the Top of the Hill on Easterton Down, leading to Net her haven; and the Petitioners doubt not but to pro\e that the Roads mentioned in the said Bill to be repaired, are in all at lead:

Forty Miles in Length, and most of them unfrequented Roads; that many of the said Roads lead over the large, open, extensive, and Champion Dcommonly called Salisbury Plain, which may at all Times of the Year be travelled on with the greatest Ease; and that the Roads over the said Downs never have been repaired, to the Knowledge of the Petitioners, except by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law; nor will they ever have Occasion to be repaired by any other Method; and that the said Road from Market Lavington to Dewey's Water is in so founderousa Condition, that it is dangerous for any Person on Horseback to ride through the fame; and that the Road from Dewey s Water to the Ninety-third Mile Stone in Seend, through Warton and Bulkington, hath a good Horie Causeway, but is so founderous and miry that there is no passing in the Winter Time for Carriages of any Kind, and cannot be repaired for less than £. 1 coo Mile; and that, if the said Roads should be made through the said several Villages for Carriages of all Sorts to pass thereon, the Petitioners shall be always subject to Indictments for not repairing the fame, as they are convinced that the same cannot be repaired either by the Labour appointed by Law', the Pound Rate to be raised on them, and the Tolls which shall be appointed to be received in case the same Bill shall pass into a Law: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may affeCl and prove injurious to the Petitioners, or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, Ditto, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the Parish of Melksham, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That in the said Chapelry, there are at present Three Districts of Roads ordered to be repaired by Three several Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth, and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, by Means of which Acts Carriages have been induced to go through the said Chapelry from the City of London, to Bath, Bristol, Melksham, Trowbridge, Bradford, Frome, Wells, and other populous Places in Wilts and Somerset, because forne of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts have been neg-ledted to have been properly repaired by the Trustees appointed to put those Acts in Execution, the Inhabitants of the said Chapelry have been indicted for not re-» pairing some of the said Turnpike Roads, and have been obliged for several Years last past to repair the same Roads at their own Expence, without having the least Aid from the aforesaid Trustees, or from the Tolls arising from the said Turnpikes; and that the Petitioners have seen and perused a Bill depending in the House, for repairing the Road from Dewey's Water, to the Turnpike Road, at or near the Ninety-third Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Melksham, a considerable Part of which Road lies in the Chapelry of Seend: and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the same should be carried into a Law in the Manner as in the Bill is mentioned, it will be very injurious to the Petitioners: And there* fore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves

cr

Bocfmin, &c. Road*.

Sutton

Inclosure.

Duties on Leather.

Ditto.

Ramsgate

Harbour.

o Geo. III. 27° Februarii. 247

or Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may prove injurious to the Petitioners Property, or that they may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitioners were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Pengate to Bridge, and

other Roads in the County of , so far as relates to the Second District of Road contained in the said Act, and for amending several other Roads near adjoining to the said Roads, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard; by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunt, Mr. Hujfey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Town Fields, Common Balks, Stinted Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Sutton, and Parish of Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Burgherfh, '&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Manufacturers of Leather, in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parts adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Mystery of Coach-makers, and Coach Har-neis-makers, of the City of London;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Leather; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others, dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

A Petition of Henry Lord Viscount Conyngham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Year 1749, the Trustees appointed by Act of Parliament, for building a Pier for the Protection of the Harbour of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, pof-. sessed themselves of a certain Tract of Land, Part and Parcel of his Estate and Manor of Minftre Court, in the Me of Thanet, and County of Kent, and occupied the fame, digging Chalk thereout for building the said Pier, without having first made an Agreement with him for the said Land, or receiving his Permission so to take Possession and make use thereof; and that the Petitioner, being willing to promote the said Undertaking, did, in the Year 1754, consent and agree to fell to them the said Land, which had been so occupied and made use of by them; but, upon inquiring into his Power to sell and convey the fame, it appeared that he was only a Tenant for Life of the said Estate, the same being settled on the I flue of his Marriage, and therefore could not make a sufficient Title for the Sale and Conveyance

Vol. 32.

of the Fee and Inheritance thereof, no Provision having been made in the Act, which gave the said Trustees Power to purchase Lands for the Purpose of building and maintaining the said Pier, to enable such Tenants for Life under Marriage Settlement to sell and convey the Lands so settled, and to confirm and ratify such Sales and Conveyances so made by them of such Lands; in Consequence of which Omission in the said Act to remedy such his Inability to make the necessary Title and Conveyance of the said Lands, the Petitioner has, ever since that Time, been barred from receiving the Price and Value agreed by the said Trustees to be paid to him for the said Lands, though they have continued in the undisturbed Possession and Use thereof; And therefore praying, That the House will take the Hardships under which he labours into Consideration, and grant him such Relief in the Bill now depending in the House, to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich, as the Nature of the same requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition between John Edwards, Esquire, John Frtemantle, Esquire, and Frances his Wife, and Mary Edwards, Spir.fter, of several Estates, in the County of Middlesex, and City of Bristol, devised by the Will of JohnS chop pens, Esquire, deceased; and

of the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said John Schoppens was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -man, Lord Burgherfh, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Sanclon, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Sanfton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Anthony Abdy be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Lords of the several Manors, within the Township of Haxby, in the North Riding of the County of York, the Owners of the Tithes, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners of Common Right Messuages and Tenements, Field Lands and Grounds within the said Township.

Sir Anthony Abdy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Com.-mon Arable Fields, and the Moor or Common, within the Township of Haxby, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Harbord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending the Road from Bishop’s Gate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called the Two-Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Cajier Causeway, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill

Edwards* (and others) Estates.

San&on

Inclosure.

Haxby

Inclosure.

Ditto.

Norwich

to

Great

Yarmouth

Road.

Wolfingham

Indolvre.

Haddingtoun,

See.

Inclosure.

Exeter, fcc. Roads.

Ditto.

48 Februarii. A. 1769,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of , in the County Palatine of ’Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Suttie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Freeholders and Heritors of the County of Haddingtoun, and of several Gentlemen usually travelling the Roads within the said County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty was read: And a Member present informed your Committee, That the Money collected by virtue of the said Act has been duly applied in repairing the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act; and that great Progress has been made in the Reparation thereof; but that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed paid off, unless the Term and Powers in the said Act are enlarged:

And that several Roads leading into the said Roads Sre ruinous and bad; and it would be advantageous to the said County of the Trustees appointed by the said Act were impowered to amend the said Roads, after the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act shall be sufficiently amended.

Which Evidence-was confirmed by another Member present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Dunglas Bridge, to the Town of dingtoun, and from thence to , in the County of Haddingtoun: And that Sir George Suttie and ’

Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter 1 and of several Gentlemen and others of the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribedj

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed Application has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the said Acts, and for making and repairing other Roads adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts; and that the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road between Alphington Church and Crab in the Parish of minster, at or near Barjhill Oak , to and through a Ford, across the River Exe called Countejs , and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Lark-bear to the Town of Topsham, at The Red Poji leading to Riding Lane, is a public Highway, in a ruinous Condition, and narrow and incommodious, and the said Ford Being frequently dangerous to Passer.gers, it would be 6f public Utility if a Bridge was erected over the River Exe, at or near the said Ford: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road, and for erecting a Bridge at or near the said Ford, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and Principal Inhabitants, of the City of Exeter, and others concerned therein, was also presented to the

20

House, and read; Setting forth, That a certain Bridge, called Exe Bridge, Part lying in the County of Devon,. and other Parts in the County of the City of,

leading from the Parish of St. Thomas the , in the said County of Devon, to the West Gate of the said City, is so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot, without great Danger, pass by each other; and that there are several Houses on the lower or South East Side of the said Bridge, which greatly straighten the Avenue to the said City; and that the Way from the said West Gate, through Rock Lane, in the said City, is very dangerous and incommodious; and that the other Way from the said West Gate to St. John's Church, in the Fore Street, is in some Places exceeding narrow, and in others so very steep, that it is unsafe to Travellers, especially in Carriages; and that the Approach to North Gate Hill, lying in the City and County of the City of Exeter, is so narrow, by real'on of several Houses projecting into the Street, that Two Carriages cannot pass by each other: And therefore praying, that a Clause may be inserted in a certain Bill before the House, for continuing, explaining, and amending. Two several Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, and the other passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty, to amend and render more effectual the said Act, to impower certain Trustees to repair or widen the said Bridge called Exe Bridge, or to crest a new one instead thereof, and to make luth Purchases, and to do such Acts, as may be necessary to render the Avenues to the said City more safe; and also to borrow a Sum of Money, not exceeding £. 8000, and to levy certain Tolls for the widening or erecting the said Bridge, and making such Purchases for carrying the same into Execution, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the acting Trustees, appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the City of; and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land, residing near and travelling on the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Devon, and County and City of Exeter; is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions, and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual draining, embanking, and preferring, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of in the Parish

of Doddington, and in the Parish of Ckatterifs within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to bd true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except Edward who is possessed of 72 Acres of the said Fen Lands, and who relfufed to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Land proposed to be drained consists of 25^0 Acres;) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-mnto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved,

Doddington*

See.

Drainage.

Roll s

Rilates.

J>artey Moor Road.

Cheadle,

See.

Road*

Grendon

Underwood

inclosure.

Ampney

Inclosurr.

Ryflip

Inclosure.

9 Geo. III. 270 Februarii. 249

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Samuel Jaques, who is possessed of a Copyhold Estate of

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the £-j per Henry who i9 possessed of a

Committee, to whom the same was committed. Copyhold Estate, of £.8; and Mrs. who is possessed of a Freehold Estate of £.6 per in- the said

Ordered, That Mr. Gray be added to the Gentlemen, Manors; and also except Four or Five.Cottagers, who who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- have neither assented nor dissented ;) and that the Yearly suant to the Prayer of the Petition of Denys Rode, of Value of the Lands within the said Manors, entitled to Titherly, in the County of Southampton, Esquire. Right of Common, amounts to £.292. 55. and that no

Person appeased before the Committee to oppose the Bill;

Mr. Wrottesleypresented to the House, according to and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Darley Moor, in the County of Derby, to Ellafton, in the directed him to report to the House; and he read the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered' the Bill,

Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of with, the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table: Where Derby and Stafford: And the same was received; ^nd the Report was read.

read the First Time. Re/ That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Re/That the said Bill be re-committed to the

Committee, to whom the same was committed- Mr. fVrotteJJey presented to the House, according to The House was moved, that the Petition of several Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, of the Manor Cheadle to Botham Hou/e, and from thence to Butterton of Catherine End, in the Parish of Ry/Iip, in the County Moor End, in the County of Stafford: And the same was of Middlesex, and others, having Right of Common on received; and read the First Time. the W'afte within the said Manor, whose Names are

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House

upon the 7th Day of this Instant February, and also, the An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Petition of Elizabeth Rogers, Impropriator of the Great Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, Tithes, and Owner of Lands, in the Manor of and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Ma- tharine End, in the Parish of Ry/Iip, in the County of nor or Parish of Grendon Underwood, in the County of Midde/ex, in Behalf of herself and several others, Free-Buckingham, was read the Third Time. holders and Copyhold Tenants of the said Manor and

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of thi$

Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and Instant February', and were then severally ordered to lie other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor upon the Table until the Report should be received or Parish of Grendon Underwood, in the County of Buck- from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was com* ingham. mitted; might be again read.

Ordered, That Mr. Wrottesley do carry the Bill to the And the same being read accordingly;

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Tabic,

until the Report be received from the Committee, to A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- whom the said Bill is re-committed; and that the Peti* mon Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and Com- tioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their said monable Lands, lying within the Manors and Parishes Petitions, if they think fit.

of Holy rood Ampney, otherwise Ampney Cruets, and Amp- Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the ney Mary, othtxmft^Ashbrook, in the County of Gloucester, same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said was read a Second Time. Petitions.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow,

Mr. ‘Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this After- The House being informed, that Mr. Julliott, from Accounts noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; presented:

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to sinkin* Fun<i- Mr. Jack/on reported from the Committee, to whom their Order, the Bill for inclosing and dividing several Woods and An Account, shewing the Income of, and Charge

Wood-lands, and a certain Close, or Parcel of Land or upon, the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter.,ended the 5th 1

Ground, called West Coat PVood Clo/e, and the Commons Day of January 1768: And also, and Waste Grounds within the Manors of St. Catherine An Account, shewing the Income of, and Charge

End, in the Parish of Ryflip, in the County of Midd/e/ex, upon, the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5 th

was committed. That the Committee had examined the Day of January 1769.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; And then he withdrew.

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

the. Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

VOL. 32.

3 S To

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

D

cq‘

n' CD CL cr

o

O

O

rT

The Income of the Sinking Fund for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 17 68,

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund -Surplus of the General Fund -

Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund - - -.

- 13°»935 7 IO«

- 115,491 17 10

- 25,700 8 4

Additional Duty on Paper, Anno 1731 -

Surplus of the Duties on Wines, Anno 1745 -

Surplus of the Duty on Coaches, Anno 1747 -

Additional Duty on Poundage since 1 ft March, 1747 -

Duty on Wrought Plate, Anno 1720

Plate Licences since 5th July 1758 -

Duty on Salt since 5th April 1759 -

Duty on Sweets since MidJ'ummer 1737 - -

Surplus Duty on Soap, Paper, and Coals, Anno 1714 -D° Coals, Anno 1719 -

Additional Duty on Cards and Dice since 15th April 1756 -D° Ale Licences since Easter 1756 -

New Duty on Plate ——

Surplus on additional Duty on Wine Licences since 5th July 1757 -Additional Duty on Stampt Vellum since D®

D® Coals exported since D° -

Surplus of Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day

1746....

Additional Subsidy on Poundage since 5th July 1759 -Additional Duty on Coffee since D® - -

D® Chocolate since D° -

Additional Duty on Malt since 8th February 1760 -

Additional Duty on Brandy, British Spirits, and Low Wines, since 21st April 1760 and 1766 -

Additional Duty on Brandy, British Spirits, and Low Wines, since lift. January 1762 ——

Additional Excile on Beer since 24th January 1761 Additional Duty on Policies since ill June 1765 -Duty on Coals and East India Goods, exported since D° - -

Duty on East India Wrought Silks since ill June 1766 Duty on Silk Crapes, &c. since ift 1766 -

Arrears of the Duty on Houses and Windows since Lady Day 1747 17 58, and 1762, and Houses and Windows since 10th October ij66 Unrated Goods imported, undervalued -Duty on Drillings and Broad Linens since 25th May 1767 -Chip Hats and Bonnets since 2d April 1767 -

8,307 — 6,980 11 20,170 — 75,285 l9 L54i 60,936

5*3

10,113

7

11

5 I0f

14 6*

7,250 n

2,810-----

i9,738 -

8,211-----

949 16 Si

15,054 -

3,227 — ii

7,823-----

52,834 11 2

1,940 -

1,084-----

43,528-----

- 43.202 6 4

8,628-----

71,862-----

316-----

3,3oi 5 Ji

— 1 6*

1,000----

38,272

16

2 10 1 10 4,449 *7 9 i,443 3 —

£. s.

27^,127 14

520,807 7 10

792,935 1 ioi

Charges on the Sinking Fund for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of 1768.

£ 1. d.

To the Bank of England, for 6 Months Interest, and Charges of Management, on the £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, to the 5th of January 1768 -

To Ditto, for Annuities granted for 99 and 98 Years, for 6 Mouths Interest, and Charges of Management to D® -To Ditto, for 6 Months Interest, at ^.3^ per Cent, and Charges of Management jon Annuities granted Anno 1756, to D®

To Ditto, for 6 Months Charges of Management of Annuities Anno 1758, to D® ——

To Ditto, for 3 Months Interest, at £.4 per Cent, and Charges of Management on the Residue of Navy Annuities granted Anno 1763, to the 25th December 1767 - -

To Ditto, for 3 Months Interest on £. 875,000, paid off in Part of £. 3,500,000 granted Anno 1763,10 the 5th January 1768 To Life Annuities, Anno 1757, at the Exchequer, for 6 Months Interest^ to D® -

To the South Sea Company, for Six Months Interest, on Annuities,

Anno 1751, and Charges of Management to D® -

To Cacti taken to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for Annuities, granted Amo 1758 - -

r 542,575 7 10

125,870 10 if 26,671 17 6

1,406 5 —

17,662 14 - — 1

8,75°----

15,564 8 9

32,090 12 6

- 25,781 12 ioi

£ 796,373 8 7!

S. P. Julliot.

Exchequer, the 27th Day of February 1769.

250 27® Februarii.A. 1769.

o

Os)

o

o

o

'I

8

10}

5

7,778 — -8,719 10 3

3>6°* 3 4 21,624-----

55,840 10

The Income of the Sinking Fund for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1769.

£. s, d.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund .....143,128 1

Surplus of the General Fund - - - - . 162,698 —

Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund - 80,^95 2

Additional Duty on Paper, Anno 1731 Surplus of the Duties on Wines, Anno 1745 -

D° Duty on Glass, and additional Duty on Spirits, Anno 1746 D* Duty on Coaches, Anno 1747 -

Additional Duty on Poundage since iff March 1747

Duty on Wrought Plate, Anno 1720 - 7 10

Plate Licences since 5th July 1758 -

Duty on Salt since 5th April 1759 -

Duty on Sweets since Midsummer 1737 -

Surplus Duty on Soap, Paper, and Coals, Anno 1714 D° Coals, Anno 1719-

Additional Duty on Cards and Dice since 15th 1756 D* Ale Licences since Easter 1756 — -

New Duty on Plate -

Surplus on additional Duty on Wine Licences since 5th July 1757 Additional Duty on Stampt Vellum since D* -

D* Coals exported since D° - 4,402 10

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

7

*»7°5

57>244

8i7

18,222

10,327

2,711

20,175

5>537

1,308

I5»I73

4*403

11 16

11

5

Surplus of Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors since Lady Day 1746 8,761--

Additional Subsidy on Poundage since 5th July 1759 - - 63,246 3 —

Additional Duty on Coffee since D° ----- 979 -

D* Chocolate since D* ----- 1,257 — —

Surplus of the additional Duty on British Spirits and Low Wines since 31 ft July 1751 Additional Duty on Malt since 8th February 1760 Additional Duty on Brandy, British Spirits, and Low Wines, since 2ifi April 1760 and 1766 - -

Additional Duty on Brandy, British Spirits, and Low Wines, since 21 (I January 1762 -

Additional Excise on Beer since 24th January 1761 -

Additional Duty on Policies since iff June 1765 Duty on Coals and Raft India Goods, exported since D* -Duty on East India Wrought Silks since ift June 1766

Duty on Silk Crapes, &c. since 1 ft August 1766 -

Arrears of the Duty on Houses and Windows since Lady Day 1747,

1758, and 1762, and Houses and Windows since 1766

Unrated Goods imported undervalued -Duty on Drillings and Broad Linens since 25th May 1767 -

Duty on Chip Hats and Bonnets, &c. since 2d April 1767 Duty cn Wines since 3 ift March 1763 -

D° Cyder since 5 July 1763 and 1766 -

9,191 — 62,381 —

64,470 — ~

12,155 —

93»°15 ~~ "

231 —

15*571 *3

2,020 — - 0

i,7°o — —

63,189

*5

11,084

650

21,051

7°7

1

5

3

'I

if

4f

9

4f

386,991

S' d.

5 — i

Charges on the Sinking Fund for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January

To the Bank of England for 6 Months Interest, and £harges of Management, on the £.3 per CM/..Consolidated Annuities, to the 5th Day of January 1769 - ( - - - , -

To Ditto for 6 Months Interest, at £.3} per Cent, and Charges of Man agement on Annuities granted Anno 1756, to D°

To Ditto for Annuities granted for 99 and 98 Years for 6 Months Interest and Charges of Management to D"

To Ditto for 6 Months Charges of Management of Annuities, Anno 1758, to D° - -

To Ditto for 6 Months Interest and Charges of Management on £.875,000 paid off in full of £.3,500,000 granted Anno 1763, to D° -

To Life Annuities, Anno 1757, at the Exchequer, for 6 Months Interest to D* -

To Cafij taken to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for Annuities granted Anno 1758 - -

To the South Sea Company for 6 Months Interest on Annuities,

Anno 1751, and Charges of Management to the 5th Day of January 1769 - -

:To the Commissioners of the Lottery for the Year 1768

1769.

d.

5 71 *49 7 26,671

125,870

1,406

SO

0

w

0

5 4

17 6

W

10 1 iM

M

5 -

8,873 — nf

i5»533

20,332

32,090

6,300

5 -18 -f

12 6 vj _____o

£.808,575

14 Si e?

"J

S. P. Julliott.

Exchequer, the 27th Day of February 1769.

cn

M

Accounts presented; East India Company.

Coinage.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

East India Company.

252 27* — 28°

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, attended, at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N* 1, State of the Cash in the Treasuries of the East India Company’s different Presidencies, at the Departure of the last Ships; together with the several Sums advanced for the different Investments: And also,

N° 2. Account of the Expences of the Company’s several Settlements in India, from ift January 1767 to ift January 1768: And also,

N° 3. Statement of the Revenues of the Dewanny of Bengal and Bahar.

Together with a, Lift of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Court of Directors for the Affairs of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.:

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts for the Encouragement of the Coinage of Monies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved^That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Court of Directors for the Affairs of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies

Ordered, That the several Papers which were presented to the House, upon the 14th Day of this Instant February, by Mr. Michell, Secretary to the said Company, be re-

ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the East India Company’s Affairs, made up the 30th June, which was presented to the House upon the 21st Day of December, 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee; it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

20

Februarii. A. 1769.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chaii: of, the Committee.'

Mr., Speaker refurrted the Chair.

Sir Charles Wkitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That) the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the- House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; Nine of the Clock.

T ’ ‘ *

---- — 1- — . — ---- — . — -----------4 —

Martis, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 9C Georgii ILL"1 Regis, 1769.

PraYers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Marshatl,.

from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Drawbacks on Leather exported, Account from 5th July 1761, to 5th July 768; distinguishing presented; each Tear. Leather‘

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis’s Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Doddington, to whom the- Bill for the more effectual Draining, em- ?cc-banking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low rainaS?* Grounds, in the Hamlet of Wimblingto, in the Parish of Doddington, and in the Parish of Chatterifs, within the lile of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was recommitted, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Payne reported from the Committee, to whom the PajrqeY ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Name, enable Stephen Payne, Esquire, and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Gallway, pursuant to the Will of Tobias Wall Ga/ltvay, Esquire, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Payne do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stole Seok Bridge Bridge, to the Place where the East Gate lately flood, in Road.

the

9 Geo. III. 28° Febr 253

the Town of Bury, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rous, Mr. Payne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Norwich A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the _ itoD -j City of Norwich to Stole Bridge, in the County of Nor-Road BC M was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rrus, Mr. Harbord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Nottingham Mt. Willoughby presented to the House, according to Shire Hall. Order, a Bill to rebuild the Shire Hall of the County of Nottinghamand for using the Guild Hull of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham for the Purposes of a Shire Hall in the mean Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re/clvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

JBeckingham A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, ^nebfure*1 Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds,

within the Townships of and Sutton, in the

Manor and Parish of in the County of

Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Sir John Rous, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at'Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Blidworth Mr. Willoughby presented to the House, according to Iodosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Earl of An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act , and'Bertie’s* for

appointing Jointures for the Wives, and providing ' Settlement of Portions for the younger Children, of the Right ho-Jointures. nourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, and the Honourable Peregrine Bertie, his Brother; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker, Mr. Pennant, &ccy: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chipping A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of Chipping Norton Norton, in the County of Oxford, and of divers other ncoure. persons> whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Reign of King Richard the First, the Lord of the Manor of Chipping Norton granted to the Ville of Chipping Norton aforesaid certain Pasture Grounds, called by the several Names of The Great Common below the Town, Over Norton, Feme Hill, The Heath, and South Come; and that the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements there have Time immemorial enjoyed the said Ground called The Verne Hill, as their separate Common; and that The Great Common and South Come have been ever since executively enjoyed in Common, by the Owners or Occupiers of the Messuages and Lands in the Town, Hamlet, or Division, of Chipping Norton-, and that such Owners and Occupiers have also Right of Common in The Heath, the Open Fields, and all other the Commonable Lands, in the said Division; and that the Petitioners observe, a Bill is depending before the House, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the said County of Oxford, which, the Petitioners are informed, is intended to include all the Premises granted as aforesaid; and that

Vol. 32.

some of the said Grounds furnish the Poor of the said Town, which are very numerous, with Fuel, a very scarce Commodity, which will bean extreme Hardship upon the Parties mterested therein; and that the Petitioners likewise apprehend. That some other Parts of the said Bill, as it now stands, may prejudice them and others: And therefore praying. That so much of the said'

Bill as tends to the inclosure of the said Grounds, called The Great Common, The Heath, and South , may not pals into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be beard, by their Counsel, against the fame, and such other Parts of the said Bill as may affect them; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Chipping Norton, and Salford, in the County of Oxford, is committed; and that the Petitioners be "heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be hea d, -at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Leather Dressers, Leather Sellers, Duties on Tanners of Sheep Skins, Glovers, ‘ Breeches Makers, Beatbci. and Taylors, whose Names are thereunto tubferibed, on Behalf of themselves and others interested in the said Trade, residing within the Bills of Mortality, and other Places within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Tanned Leather; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open CubKngton and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common inclosure. Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, in tho Manor, Parish, Liberties, or Precincts, of Cub/ington, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish,

Liberties, or Precincts, of Cublington, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act Saint of the a8th of his late Majesty, for the better enlighten^ Bartholomew ing and deanfing the Open Places, Squares, Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of St. Bartholomew the Great, London; and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish; and for empowering the Trustees, in the said Act named, to pave the said Streets, and other Places within the said Parish, and to remove Annoyances and Obstructions j was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Trecothick, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for paving such Parts of the Parish of Saint Whitechapel Mary Matfelon, otherwise White Chapel, and the Precinct (Middlesex) of Well- Close, as lie in the County of Middlesex, and treeU* Liberty of the Tower of London, and Parts of certain Streets adjoining to the said Parish and Precinct; and for opening such Passages as are therein mentioned; was read a Scond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert

broke, Mr. Alderman Trecothick, Scc.: And they are to meet

3 f this

254 28° Februarii. A. 1769.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, present* Chamber. ed to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Buttery, and all N° 1. An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the other the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses, on the Children received into the Hospital 'for the Maintenance South Side die Public High Streets, in the Parish of St. and Education of exposed and deserted young Children Mary Matfelon, otherwise White Chapel, in the County on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st

of Middlesex, where the Hay Market there hath immemo- Day of December 1768, exclusive, to the 31st Day of rially been held, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, , 1769, inclusive: And also,

which was presented to the House upon the Ninth Day N° 2. An Account of all Monies received and paid, of this Instant February, and then ordered to lie upon by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the

the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the said Committee. f

tawts, 8k. Mr. John Robinfott presented to the House, according Roads. tQ Order, a Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act for repairing the Road from , in the County of York, to Brough under in the County of Westmoreland j and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden to Kayber Cross; and also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works, at Taylor Rig, and to Tan Hill, and King's Pitts; and also the Road from Barrow Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Carnarvon A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading

Road. from Taly Cafn Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon,‘and

through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and Carnarvon,

to the Town of Pwllhely, in the same County, was cad a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wynn Sir Robert Ladbroke, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Nafferton Mr. Edward Lascelles reported from the Committee, Wansford *° w^otn the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open ’ Jndofure. Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds,

within the Parish of Nafferton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Proprietors of Lands of about the Annual Value of £ 80, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Lands intended to be indofed are of the Annual Value of 1600; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Company had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his. Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Foundling The House being informed, that Mr. Collingwood, Hospital. Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, attended

Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the 31st Day of December 1767, and the 31st Day of December 1768, with the Ballance then remaining: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Number of Children, received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children on or before the 25th Day of March 17^0, who have been placed out Apprentices, between the 31st Day of December 1766, and the 31st Day of December 1768 , distinguishing the Number placed out in each Month; and how many with, and how many without, Apprentice Fees} and how much such Fees have amounted to in each Month: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Number of Children, received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been returned to their Parents, between the 31st Day of December 1767, and the 31st Day of December 1768: And also,

N° $>. An Account of the Number of Children, received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have died, between the 31st Day of December 1767, and the 31st Day of December 1768: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who were living, under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital, on the said 31st Day of December 1768: And also,

N° 7. Copies of all Resolutions of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children,'since the 31st Day of December 1766, with respect to receiving Children into the said Hospital, together with an Account of the Number received pursuant to such Resolutions j distinguishing the Months in which they were received: And also,

N° 8. Copies of all Resolutions of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, since the 31 December 1766, with respedV to receiving Children into the said Hospital at the Charge of the several Parishes, together with an Account of the Number received pursuant to such Resolutions; distinguishing the Months in which they were received: And also,

N° 9. Copies of all Resolutions of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, since the 31 December 1766,10 the 31 December 1768, relating to the putting out Children Apprentices.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Estimate, Accounts, and Copies, were read. *

The said Accounts and Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

M

9 Geo. III. 28° FebruariL 255

An ES TIM AT E of the Expence of Maintaining the Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1768 exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1769, inclusive.

The Number of the said Children living under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital on the 31st Day of December 1 768, is Two thousand Four hundred and Sixteen.

The Expence of Maintaining whom, at Seven Pounds Ten Shillings each, amounts to Eighteen thousand One hundred and Twenty Pounds.

N. B. Besides the above 2,416 Children, therehave been taken into this Hospital fmcethe 25th of March 176b, 279 Children; mod: of whom were under the most distressed Circumstances, or Orphans of Soldiers and Sailors, whole Parents died in His Majesty’s Service; whereof 25 have been apprenticed, 7 claimed, and 80 dead: So that there are 167 Children, now alive, which are wholly maintained and provided for, out of the Income arising from private Donations; and are not, nor ever have been, charged in the Estimate of the Public Account. Accounts of which have been Annually delivered in to Parliament.

Signed by Order,

Tho' Collingweod, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Estimate, Accounts, and Copies, His Majesty i And he presented the same to the do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker, all the > of the House. Members of the House being uncovered: and is as

followeth; viz.

Daiie* on Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Leather. Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks allowed on

Boots, Shoes, Gloves, and other Manufactures of Briti GEORGE R. tanned Leather, exported from Christmas 1761 to Chrijf

mas 1768 s distinguishing each Year. His Majesty finds it necessary to acquaint the House of Commons, That the Expences of his Civil Go-Supply Bill; Mr Cooper, presented to the House, according to vernment having exceeded the Revenue settled on His

*Bu2Uef Order, a for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Majesty by Parliament for defraying such Expences, Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year He has been obliged to incur a Debt of more than One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine: And the 500,000, an Account of which He has ordered to same was received; and read the First Time. be laid before this House; relying on the -known Zeal

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and Affection of His faithful Commons, that they will

make Provision for enabling His Majesty to discharge Insolvrnt A Bill for the Relief of Info!vent Debtors, was read a the fame.

P^btors. Second Time. G. R.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Nares, Lord North, &c.: And they are to meet this , famine contradicente, That His Majesty’s

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s said most gracious Message be referred to the Confide-Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to ration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom have Voices. it, is referred to consider further of the Supply granted

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- to His Majesty. mittee, that they do make Provision in the said Bill,

that no Person shall be intitled to the Benefit of the Bill, Mr. Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty's who was not in Prison, or Fugitive beyond the Seas, on Command.

or before the 29th Day of September last. An Account of the fevetal Sums, which were due,

and unpaid, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the "Morpeth Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Expence of His Majesty’s Civil Government, on the 5th

Hltdioii. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Day of January 1769; with the Money applicable to-Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, wards discharging the feme, and the Debt then remaining

be received upon Thursday Morning next. unprovided for.

And the Title of the said Account-was read.

And the said Account was also read.

The feid Account is as followeth; viz.

A a

from the The Lord North acquainted the House, that he had King; a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by Civil List. V01..32.

Civil Lifti

Civil Lilt

256

%8* Februar'ti.

A. 1769.

An ACCOUNT of the several Sums which were due and unpaid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Expence of His Majesty’s Civil Government on the 5th Day of 1769; with the Money applicable towards discharging the fame, and the Debt then remaining unprovided for;

To Her Majesty the Queen, on 50,000 I. per Annum, One Quarter - S

To the Princess Dowager of Wales, on 10,000l. per Annum, D*

To the Duke of Cumberland, on 9,000 I.per Annum, D* , - -

For the Servants of the late Queen -

To the Cofferer of the Houshold -

To the Treasurer of the Chamber - .

For the Great Wardrobe -

For the Robes ——

For the Works and Gardens - -

For the Extraordinaries of the Stables -

To the Foreign Ministers, on their ordinary and extraordinary Allowances For Fees, Salaries, and Pensions, payable at the Exchequer.

For Pensions, payable by Lord Viscount Gage -

For the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners - -

To His Majesty’s Goldsmith for Plate -

To the Secretaries of State for Secret Service -

To the Secretary of the Poll Office - -

For Contingencies of divers Natures *--►*-

Towards satisfying the above Sums, there remained in the Exchequer on the 5th of "January 1769 - - - - -.

To which, adding the Sum to be granted out of the Aids for the Year 1769, to replace the Monies paid pursuant to Addresses, before the 5th of ’January 1769 -

And the Total thereof being deducted

Will leave the Debt unprovided for on the 5th of January 1769 -

C s. d.

63,728 14 3

15,000 o o

c s. i.

12,500 0 0

2,500 0 0

2,250 0 0

3>37° 0 11

9 8 >457 18 2 i

56,782 1 9i

21,140 8 it

4,069 18 3f

38,219 9 2*

11,7 21 11 7*

103,744 9 10

123,653 9 7*

70,259 1 5

' 6,000 0 0

8,915 *7 4

2,250 0 0

5,042 0

21,362 12 II

592,239 h 7

78,728 14 3*

513,511 o 3|

Feb. 28, 1769,

.Grey Cooper.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the said Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House, upon the nth Day of July 1721, of His Majesty’s Message to this House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies which have been issued and paid, out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on. Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the Twenty-fifth Day of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, to the Twenty-fifth of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine; distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

*4

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies which have been issued and paid, out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the Tenth Day of Otfo-ber, One thousand Seven hundred and Fify-two, to the Tenth Day of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty j distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies paid, out of the Arrears of his late Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the Use of His present Majesty’s Civil Government, and for the Support and Maintenance of His Houshold, and Royal Family, with the Application thereof to each Head of Expence; -distinguishing each Year in which such Application was made.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

His

9 Geo. III. 28° Februa. 257

His Majesty that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House an Account of the Payments for his late Majesty’s Civil Government, and for the Support and Maintenance of his Houshold and Royal Family, from the Fifth Day of - July, One thousand Seven -hundred and Fifty-two, to the Fifth Day of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty; distinguishing each Year, and the several Heads of Expence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Payments for His present Majesty’s Civil Government, and for the Support and Maintenance of His Houshold, and Royal Family, from His Accession, to the Fifth Day of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one; and from thence to the Fifth Day of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine; distinguishing each Year, and the several Heads of Expence.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Civil List. A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions,' that there be laid before this House an Account of his late Majesty’s Civil List Revenues remaining in the Exchequer on the a8th Day of May 1762, and also of His present Majesty’s Civil List Calli remaining the re at the same Time;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the } *9-

Tellers for tire Noes.j l6*'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ditto. A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House /an Account of the Debt on the Civil List, as it stood on the 19th Day of April 1763, the 15th Day of July 1765, and the 2d Day of August 1766, together with the Civil List Calli remaining in the Exchequer at those several Times;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put

It passed in the Negative.

&tjo. A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions,' that there be laid before this House an Account of all Monies issued at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or by any of His Majesty’s Receivers or Collectors, or their Agents, for His Majesty’s Secret and Special Service, from His Majesty’s Accession, to the 28th Day of May 1762, and from thence to the 19th Day of April 1763, and from thence to the 15th Day of July 1765, and from thence to the 2d Day of August 1766, and from thence to the present Time;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Coinage. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Acts for the Encouragement of the Coinage of Monies, the Refo-Uition which the Committee had directed him to report Vol. 32.

to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for encouragement of the Coinage of Money* which Act hath Continuance only to the End of this present Session of Parliament, be made perpetual.

The said Rejjplution being read a Second Time, was* upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lora North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Mr,

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported East India

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Company, was referred to consider of the Petition of the Court of Directors for the Affairs of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Proposals, Contained in the Petition of the Court of Directors for the Affairs of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for continuing the Payment of Four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, for the Use of the Public, during the Term therein mentioned, and for the other Purposes therein, expressed, be accepted.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tho House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Attorney Generaf, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, Mr.

Bradshaw, Mr. Boulton, Sir George Colebrook, Mr Mr. Stephen/bn, and Mr. Peregrine Cujl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the several Persons, Electors for Mem- Poole bers to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Poole, Election# in the County of Dorset, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petition.,

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition, and also from examining into the Manner of procuring and signing the fame.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the New further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, Radnor complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Ek&ion, Borough of New Radnor.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner objected to 124,

Persons, who voted for the Sitting Member, as Burgesses of the Contributary Borough of Ras not appearing to have been entered or admitted in any public Books, or Court Rolls, belonging to the said Borough, now in being; which was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

The Counsel for the Petitioner then objected to 99 Persons, who voted for the Sitting Member, as Burgesses of the Contributary Borough of Knuclafs, as not appearing to have been entered in any public Books, or Court Rolls, belonging to the said Borough, now in being.

The Counsel for the Sitting Member admitted, that

IU ther*

258 28° Februarii. — i° Martii. A, 1769.

there were no such Entries existing; the said Books and Court Rolls having been destroyed by Fire.

The Counsel for the Petitioner then examined several \Vitnesses, in order to disqualify 14 Persons, who voted for the Sitting Member, as Burgesses of the Borough of New Radnor;Three, as having polled Twice; One who appeared upon the Poll to have voted as a Person redding within the said Borough, there being no such Person within the Borough; Six, as not being entered in the Corporation Books; One, as never having redded within the Borough; One, as ne^er having been sworn a Burgess; One, as being a Minor at the Time he was sworn a Burgess; and One, as not redding in the Borough when he was made a Burgess.

The said Counsel then objected to 46 Persons, who voted for the Silting Member, as Burgesses of the said Borough of New Radnoron account of the Entries of their Names in the Corporation Books not being stamped; which was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

The Counsel for the Petitioner then examined several Witnesses, in order to prove Partiality in the Returning Officer, in Favour of the Sitting Member.

And the Journal of the House, of the 17th Day of March 1725, with relation to the Election of Burgesses for the Borough of Cheping IVicomb, in the County of Bucks, was read; whereby it appeared, that Persons admitted to poll, under a Charter which had not been accepted or inrolled, were declared by the House, to have no Right of voting.

The Counsel for the Petitioner then objected generally to all the Votes of the Sitting Member, on account of their Admissions as Burgesses not having been stamped.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having closed their Evidence;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till next, at

Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That John James do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next. , '

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Winchelsea Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of the

filedtion. Right honourable Sir Thomas , Knight, Matter

of the Rolls, and Richard , Esquire, complain-

ing of an undue Election and Return for the Town of Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Duties on Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-

Leather. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's , and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, i° Martii;

1

Anno 9* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1769. Prayers.

St Nicholas lV/T^* Brickdalereported from the Committee, to whom

Church, 1V± the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Vef-Brittol. trymen, Landholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Nicholas, in the City of f whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves

and the rest of the Inhabitants and Landholders of the said Parish, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty’s

Reign, was read, for re-building Bristol Bridge, and other Purposes; whereby it appeared. That Power was given to take down St. Nicholas Gate, which was Part of the Fabric of the Parish Church of Saint Nicholas, to widen the Passage to the said Bridge; but that if any Damage should be done to the said Church the same was to be made good by the Trustees named in the said Act.

And Henry Lippincolt, Esquire, One of the Churchwardens of the said Parish, being examined, laid. That it being found necessary to take down the whole Church, and tore-build the fame, an Agreemen; was entered into between the Vicar and Vestry of the said Parish, and the Trustees of the said Act, for that Purpose; an attested Copy of which Agreement the Witness produced to your Committee, wherein it is agreed, that the Parish ' would take upon themselves to take down and re-build the said Church, upon being allowed by the Trustees for re-building Bristol Bridge £.1400.

Mr. Thomas Patty, a Surveyor, informed your Committee, That in Consequence of the said Agreement, the said Church was taken down, and has been re-built in the most frugal Manner at the Ex- £. pence of - 6,549 5 P

Towards which Sum, the said Parish received as follows; viz.

Of the Bridge Trustees - 1,400V *

Of D° towards the Purchase f

of Two Houses obliged to > 1 00 be taken down - - - 400 J

Of the Corporation of Bristol for D° 210 ’

Of Society of Merchants for D# 105

From Sale of Old Materials, leafing out Church Lands, and Money in the Treasurer’s Hands - - 1,009 5

Making together - - - 3,124 5 o

£-3,4*3 o o

And the Witnesses said. That in order to make good the above Sum ot £.6,549. 5. the Vestrymen of the said Parish have borrowed the said Sum of £. 3,425, which (till remains due at Interest of £.4 —

That the Expence of re-building the Steeple, painting the Church, and other Contingencies, will £. amount to the Sum of - - - - 1,075 0 0

Which, together with the said Sum of - 3,425 o o

make together ----£. 4,500 o o now necessary to be raised for completing the said Church, and paying the Money due.

And both the Witnesses said. That before the said Church was taken down, the same was very commodious; and Mr. Patty added, the same might have stood many Years, but by taking that Part away which they were authorized by the Aflt, the Church was greatly impaired, as it was a Buttreb to the other Part of the Church.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for railing Money to discharge Debts contracted in taking down and re-building the Parish Church, Tower, and Spire, of Saint Nicholas, in the City of B'ifiol, and for re-building the Spire, and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Brickdale, the Lord Clare, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Larochet and Mr. Dkkhjon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Sheriff h

the ludofl

L.

V

New Mahon, See, Road,

Beverley,

&c.

Road,

Wynn's

Marriage

Settlement.

Markfield

inclosure.

9 Geo. III. i° Martii.259

the Petition of the several Perfofts, tvhofe Names are Fields, within the Lordship or Liberty of Markfield, in

thereunto i'ubscribed, being Owners of Land, or other- the County of and the Common Ground

wife interested, in the Lands, Grounds, and Estates, there, lying within the Ring or Boundaries of the fame

within the Lordships of Sheriff Hutton and West hilling, in Fields, or adjoining thereto, was read the Third Time.

the Parish of Sheriff Hutton, and County of York, was Re, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields

of the said Petition; and had directed him to report within the Lordship or Liberty of Markfield, in the

the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and County of Leicester, and the Common Ground there,

he read the Report in his. Place; and afterwards de- lying within the Ring or Boundaries of the same Fields,

live red it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was or adjoining thereto.

read; ami is as followeth; viz. OThat Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

John Graves said. That he knows the Lands and

Grounds described in the said Petition j that they are The House proceeded to take into Consideration the fcauert’a at present uninclosed, and are frequently overflowed; Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, k’at. and that it would be of great Benefit to the Owners An Act for naturalizing Peter

thereof, and all other Persons interested therein, if the And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-

fame were divided, inclosed, and properly drained, but that the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing inclosing, and draining, certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Townships of Sheriff Hutton, and West Lillin the Parish of Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York: And that Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Townfttend, Mr. and Mr. Daniel.

Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingross'ed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East end of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to Nezv Mutton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough, aforesaid; was read the Third Time.

Rejo'tyed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in die Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to Nezv Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hejsle, and from the Malton Guide Post, to the Gravel Pit at Cotin the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Montagu,&c.: And they are to meet this

afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Kynaftonreported from the Committee to whom

the ingross’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, a Minor, to make a Settlement on his intended Marriage with the Lady Henrietta Somerset, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame; without any Amendment.

An ingross’ed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open'

veth; vtz.

Pr.i.l. 1. Leave out " beseecheth," and insert be-, " feecli."

1. 8. After. Ruffa," insert " and David Lewis " Godin, Son of David Godin and Elizabeth his Wife, born in the Province " of Normandy, in F." 1. 11. Leave out " his," and insert " their."

I. 19. Leave out " he," and insert they."

1. 20. After " Rauert," insert " and David Lewis " Godin j" and in the same Line leave out " he is," and insert " they are."

1. 23. Leave out " a."

1. 24. Leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects."

I. 25. Leave out " he is," and insert " they are."

1. 29. Leave out " he," and insert " theyand in the same Line leave out " a."

1. 29 and 30. Leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects."

1. 33. Leave out " he," and insert " they and after Rauert," insert " and David " Lewis Godin."

1.34. Leave out " he is," and insert they are."

Pr. 2.1. 7. Leave out " his," and insert " their;" and in the same Line leave out " Heir," and insert Heirs;" and leave out the last " his," and insert " their."

1. 13. Leave out " him," and insert " them."

1. 17. Leave out " he," and insert " they."

1. 23. Leave out " he," and insert " they."

1. 24. After " Rauert," insert " and David Lewis Godin."

1. 29. leave out " he," and insert " they.".

1.30. After " Rauert," insert " and David " Lewis Godin."

1. 32. Leave out " aand in the same Line leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects."

1. 39. Leave out " he," and insert " they"

1.40. After " Rauert ft insert and David Lewis

Godin."

1.41. Leave out " a Member," and insert " Mem-. bers."

1. 45. Leave out " him," and insert " them."

In the Title of the Bill, Line 2, after Rauert" insert " and David Lewis Godin."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Maldftone, Maidstone, through Debtling, to Key Street, in the Parishes &c. of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Mr. Marsham,

Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

h«

c6 o i6 Mar 1769.

jt. Botolph, The House was moved, that the Report, which, upon &c. the 17th Day of February last, was made from the Com-(London) mittee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners ap-av,n* pointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of St. Botolph, , which

lies in the County of and Part of a Street

called East Smithfield.,in the Precinct of Saint Catherine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and of several other Inhabitants and Owners of Houses, and other Premises, within the above District; was referred: might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving such Parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelonotherwise , and the

Precinct of Well-Close, as lie in the County of

sex, and Liberty of the Tower of London, and Parts of certain Streets adjoining to the said Parish, and Precinct; and for opening such Passages as are therein mentioned; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for appropriating Part of the Tolls thereby to be raised, for the Purpose of more effectually carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Seventh Year o_f His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that u Part of the Parish of Saint which lies

" in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called " Raft Smithfield, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine; and " for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and " preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein."

Thwing Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Thwing, in the East Riding of the County of York, wa? committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the . Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Newport Mr. Morton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Pe-Woodstock titkm of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of Roads. the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Walker, Esquire, being examined, said that the High Road leading from Newport through the several

Towns of Stoney Stratford, Buckingham, and to

the Town of Woodstock, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being; and that the repairing and widening the said Road, would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham, through the several Towns of Stoney Stratford, Buckingham, and to the Town of Wood-

flock, in the County of Oxford: And that Mr. Morion,

' 16

Sir Charles Whitworth, Lord Charles Spencer, the Lord -Wenman, the Earl Verttey, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Shaxton mon Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and hiclolure. other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Shaxton, otherwise Shackston, otherwise Shackerfton, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Shaxton, otherwise Shackston, otherwise Shackerfton, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Atwirk whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Intlofure-Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and other Open Grounds within the Township of Atwick, otherwise Attenwick, in Ho/derness, in the County of York ,was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read' the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, living near, or Bodmin, Sec. usually travelling, the Road from the Borough of Bod- Road*. min, to Saint Cullumb, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read: Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads feading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall-, and setting forth, That the Road

leading through the said Borough and Parish of Bodmin, and through the Parishes of Lanevit, Saint Wenn, and Saint Cullumb Major, to the East End' of Cullumb Town, in the said County, is ruinous and narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying.

That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John MoMr. Hunt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. John Robitifon presented to the House, according Kirkbythora to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Down Moor, Inclosure. within the Parish of Kirkbythore, in the County of moreland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, Cirencester, to whom the Bill to continue, amend, and render more &c-effectual, an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign Road* of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of , to the

Monument upon Lanfdawn, in the same County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations

Duke of Marlborough and Merton College Exchange.

Mitchell

Election.

Civil List.

Quiet of the Subjects.

Supply.

Geo. III. i° — 2° MartU. $6t

gat ions of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Re* port was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time; upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the Hoyfe.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and for eflfefting an Exchange of Lands, between the Most noble George Duke of Marlborough, and the Warden and Scholars of

Merton College, in Oxford; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Lord Orwell and Colonel tedder-burn be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Civil List Expences, which incurred, or became due, between the First of January and the Thirty-first of December, in every Year, since His Majesty’s Accession to the Throne, according to the Establishments and other Appointments then inUfe; distinguishing each Year.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciourty pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Civil List Expences, which incurred, or became due, between the First Day of January, One thousand Seyen hundred and Fifty-one, and the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, in every Year, according to the Establifti-ments and other Appointments then in Use; distinguish-ingeach Year.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the aift Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve' itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

A Motion, was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that before they proceed to consider of His Majesty’s most gracious Message, they do consider of the Causes of the Debts due on Account of the Civil List;

Vol. 32.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } *

Tellers for the Noes, {{*; \

So it passed in the Negative*

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to Ijt again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into aCommitteeof the whole Housek to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Jovis, 20 die Martii;

Anno 9# Georgii IIItU Regis, 1769. Prayers.

ABI L L for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sundon, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ongley, Mr. Brickdale, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Brickdale presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for railing Money, to discharge Debts con-traftedin taking down and re-building the Parish Church, Tower, and Spire, of St. Nicholas, in the City of Bristol; and for re-building the Spire, and for other Purpose6; And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lascelles presented to to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Townships of Sheriff Hutton, and West Lilley, in the Parish of Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of, or interested in the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Youl-thorpe, in the East Riding of the County of York. x

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Com-

3 X mon

Way* and Meant.

Sundon

Inclosure.

St. Nicholas Church, Bristol,

Sheriff Hutton Inclosure.

Youlthorpt

Inclosure.

Ditto.

262 2*Martii.^.17 69.

mon Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other Un-inclosed Grounds, within the Township of in

the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

West Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe-pa?KiT cution an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from West Laving/on to The D and from The Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts., whose Names arc thereunto subsertbed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: Mr. Lock being examined, laid, That the Sum of £.4,000and upwards, has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act; and that great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads, but by Reason of the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, and the great Scarcity of Materials for repairing thereof, the same cannot be effectually kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from West to* The

and from The Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Goddard, Mr. , Mr. Popham, and

Mr. Garth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hafleden Mr. Norris reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Roods, thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Poll: on HafeldenWood, in the Parish of,

to Appledore Heath; and from Milkhouse Street, in the same Parish, to Castledens Oak, in the Parish of -

den; and from Golford , in the said Parish of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's Vent, in the Parish of Benenden, all in the County of Kent", was referred; That the Committee . had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And Mr. William , being examined, laid. That the Trustees have proceeded in repairing all the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, except the Road from Golford Green to Tanner's Vent.

And he produced to your Committee, an Act passed in this present Session, for repairing, amongst other Roads, the Road from Golford Green to in which the said Road from Golford Green to Tanner's Vent is included; and which, the Witness said, may be more properly repaired by the Trustees appointed by the last mentioned Act, than by the Petitioners.

That the Trustees appointed by the said First mentioned Act; have made'great Progress in repairing all the Roads thereby directed to be repaired, except as aforesaid; but that he apprehends they cannot be properly repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

That the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tent'.rden, to and through the Village and Parish of Rolvenaen, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish

20

enden, in the said County, is ruinous and narrow, and cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Which Evidence, so far as it regards the last mentioned Road, was confirmed by a Member present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads, from the White Poll on HWood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Hearh, and other

Roads in the County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Golford Green to Tanner's Kent-, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, with respect to the other Roads therein contained; and for amending the Road, from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Tenter den, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road, in the Parish

of Newenden, in the said County: And that Mr! Norris,

Mr. Lascelles, Sir BrookBrydges, and Sir Charles Farnaby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several NafTertw* Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and u^ford Grounds, within the Parish of in the East indofuxe.

Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Nafferlon and ford, in the Parish of Nafferton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and.desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Cavcndifhreported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing that Part or hjclosure* Share of Belper Ward, which belongeth to in the County of Derby, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confrnt to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Proprietors of 198 Acres of Ground, claiming Right of Common upon the Lordship of Highedge, who could not be found; and that the whole Quantity of Land in the said Lordship, and other Lands claiming Right of Common thereupon, amount to 1436 Acres; and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be inclosed amounts to 600 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lyon reported from the Committee, to whom the Montrose Bill for continuing Two Acts* made in the Sixth Year Two Penma of King George the First, and in the Seventh Year of coU‘

his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, that shall be vended or sold within tl>4 Town of Montrose and Privileges thereof, for supplying

the said Town with freth Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

O '

found the same to be true; and that the Committee lnd gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

Duties on Leather.

Shire flails.

Duke of Marlborough ?nd Merton College Exchange.

York and

Kingiton frpon Hull Theatres.

Crofgate

Inclosure.

9 Geo. III. 2*

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the Manufacturers or Converters of unwrought Leather into made Wares, in and near the City of Nezv Sarum, wltofe Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and all others concerned therein, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Leather; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to ’ Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

Mr. Which cot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bi>ll to enable the Justices of the Peace in the General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings wherein the Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually held: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and for effecting an Exchange of Lands, between the Mofl noble George Duke of Marlborough, and the Warden and Scholars of

Merton College, iii Oxford, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' Mr. Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to license a Playhouse, in the City of York, and in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, w^s committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moor, or Common called Crofgate Moor, in the Parish of Saint Ofiva/d, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed intercommon Lands there, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Sixteen Houses who are intitled to Right of Common upon the said Moor, who being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietor of One House, who is intitled to Right of Common upon the said Moor, who could not be found: and that the whole Number of Houses intitled to Right of Common upon the said Moor are 123; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through' the Bill, and made several Amendments thereurlto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Kis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Martii. '263

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A 'Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax; for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine -, and for securing and preserving Duplicates of AssefiTments, and other Papers relating to the Land Tax; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Buckingham; to continue thp Term, and enlarge the Powers of to ^c. much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to the North Extent of the Parish of Hawin the County of Oxford, leading towards Warmington Gate, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Graham’s discharging divers Messuages, Lands, _ and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of Sir Bellingham Baronet, in the County of York, from the Uses and Trusts limited and declared by the Will of the Honourable Mary Graham, deceased; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, other Part of the Estate of the said Sir Bellingham Graham, in the said County, of greater Value in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, -

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord veiling certain Lands, in the Parish of Chislehurst, in the Camden’s County of Kent, devised by the Will of Thomas - *llate*

rington, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to convey the same to Charles Lord Camden; and for settling Lands, to be taken in Exchange; and for laying out Money arising by Sale thereof, in other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Ul'es; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Graham’s for discharging divers Messuages, Lands, and Tene- Estate. ments, Part of the Estate of Sir Bellingham Graham,

Baronet, in the County of York, from the Uses and Trusts limited and declared by the Will of the Honourable Mary Graham deceased: and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, other Part of the Estate of the said, Sir Bellingham Graham, in the said County, of greater Value in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Haldane, from Accounts the Commissioners of the Excise attended at the Door; presented; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Leather,&c* House, pursuant to their Order,

A Return to an Order of the House, of Tuesday last,

" That there be laid before, this House an Account of " the Amount of the Drawbacks allowed on Boots,

" Shoes, Gloves, and other Manufactures of British " Tanned Leather, exported, from Christmas 1761 to " Christmas 1768; distinguishing each Year."

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was scad.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other . Papers of this Session.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act made in the Ramsgate Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Harbour.

Second

264 2° Martii. . 1769.

Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate-, and for cleaning, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich; was read a Second Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alder-' man Trecothick, Mr. Fuller, Sec.: And the}' are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Ramsgate The House was moved, that the Petition of Henry *ar*K>ur’ Lord Viscount Conyngham, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being lead accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Rochester The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which was made Streets, from ^ie Committee, to whom the Petition of the Par Sec. rifhioners of Saint Nicholas, within the City of

and all’o of the Town of Strood, within and without the Liberties of the same City, was referred.

And the said Report was again read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the High Streets and Lanes, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, within the City of Rochester, and Parish of Strood, in the County of Kent-, and for making a Road through Star Lane, across certain Fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hill, in the said County: And that Mr. Gordon, Mr Thomas Townshend, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Marsham, and Mr. Milles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

African A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Company. Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Sums granted for 1767, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act passed in the Year 1750, for extending and improving the Trade to; and

that they have expended the Monies granted in 1768, for the Support of the Forts on the said Coast, in Goods, Stores, and Necessaries; and that the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast, having been delivered to the Petitioners in a very bad State by the Royal African Company, and the Sums annually granted by Parliament being almost wholly expended in the Maintenance and Pay of the several Garrisons, with other necessary Charges, leaving very little for the Repairs of the said Forts, many of them are in Length fallen into Decay and Ruin; and that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, therefore pray the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum for the necessary Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, and likewise for the extraordinary Repairs now wanted, as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir William Meredith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire of

the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee, are, to have Voices.

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were presented Ditto, to the House upon Tuesday the 20th Day^of ^December last, relative to the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do enquire into the State of the Trade to the Gold Coast of Africa;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Numbers of the Inhabitants of the Birmingham.. Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, who Sweets, are House-keepers, and Payers of the Parochial Dues, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners are informed, a Petition hath been presented to the House, for a Bill for establishing Lamps and Scavengers, and the Removal of Nuisances, in the said Town, by a Tax leviable upon the Inhabitants; and that the Taxes and Dues already leviable Upon the Inhabitants amount to near Five Shillings in the Pound; and that the Petitioners, and others of the Inhabitants of the said Town, are scarce able to maintain themselves and Families, and pay the Taxes and Dues already imposed upon them: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and that the said intended Bill, if brought into the House, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages, within the Town of Birmingham-, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the hearing Winchelsea at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Election. the Right honourable Sir Thomas Sewell, Knight,

Master of the Rolls, and Richard Phillipson, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Right honourable Sir Thomas Sewell, Knight, Master of the Rolls, and Richard Phillipson, Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order for hearing the Matter of the said Petition, at the Bar of this House, be discharged.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Morpeth Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, Election. touching the Election for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will not, in this Session of Radnor Parliament, hear at the Bar of this House, the Matter Election. of any Petition which has been already presented, complaining of an undue Election and Return, except the Petitions which complain of the undue Elections and Returns for the Borough of Radnor, the Burghs of Dundee, Perth, Saint Andrews, Cupar, and Forfar, and for the Town of Bridgewater.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Wells of Privileges and Elections, that they do not proceed Election. upon any Petitions now before them, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, except those which complain of the undue Elections and Returns for the Boroughs of Wells, Southwark, Haslemere, and Marlow.

Ordered,

ie

Cirencester,

&c.

' Road.

Soppl/.

New Radnor Kieftioa.

Bridgewater

EieSion.

Hutton

Cranswick

Inclosure.

Haddingtoun,

dec.

Roads.

9 Geo. III. 2" — -30

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Confederation the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of cester, in the County of Glou, to the Monument upon Lanfdoivn, in the same County, was committed,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Five hundred Thirteen thousand Five hundred and Eleven Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to discharge the Arrears and Debts, due and owing upon the Civil List, on the 5th Day of January

*769- .

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of New , be

adjourned till 7 uefdayMorning next,

Ordered, That the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, be

adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Vetieris, 3* Martii;

Anno 9* Georgii III. H Regis, 1769. Prayers.

MR. Hotham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Hutton Cranswick) in the East Riding of the County of And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Suttie'presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Twenty-third year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from. Dunglass Bridge, to the Town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Raven-

fhaughbum, in the County of Haddingtoun: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 32.

Martii. 265

A Bill for amending the Road from Bishops-gate Norwich Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called the Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road yarmouth joins the Cafter Causeway, Two Miles and a Half short Road, of the Town of Great Yarmouth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Har-bord, Mr. Milles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act f

for veiling certain Lands, in the Parish of Chijlekurst, gT* in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of Thomas Farrington, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to convey the same to Charles Lord Camden: and for settling Lands, to be taken in Exchange, and for laying out Money arising by Sale thereof, in other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savjle presented to the House, according Hucknall to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open TT<{rr*rd Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Open Com- DC ° urc* monable, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Huck-

ttall Torkard, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Haxby ' Arable Fields, and the Moor or Common, within the Injure. Township of Haxby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George

Savile, Mr. Cooper, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Molesworth reported from the Committee* Bodmin, &c. to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen living near. Roads, or usually travelling the Road from the Borough of Bodmin to Saint Cullumb, in the County of Cornwall,

was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the famer as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Willington, being examined, laid. That the Road

through the Borough and Town of Bodmin, and Parish of Bodmin, and through the Parishes of Lanevet, Withiel,

Saint Wenn, and Saint Cullutnb Major, to the East End of the Town of Saint Qtllumb, are exceedingly ruinous, and

in many Places narrow and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and, through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, is committed, that they have Power to make Prpvision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road leading through the

Borough and Parish of Bodmin, in the Parishes of

Lanevet, Withiel, Saint Wenn, and Cullumb Major, to the East End of Saint Cullumb Town, in the County of Cornwall.

Mr. Parker reported from the Committee, to whom Devon the Petition of the High Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Poor’s Relief. Freeholders, of the County of , was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the

3 Y laid

s

Tring, ' &c. Roads*

Hitchin,

See.

Roads.

Stevenage,

See.

Road.

266

said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George Furfdon, Esquire, being examined, said, That the present Laws for Relief of the Poor have been found ineffectual though very burthensome to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in that County: And,

Mr. Robert Pullen informed your Committee, That several Societies have been established within the said County, whereby several poor Persons have engaged themselves to Pay Six Pence per Month while they are in Health and able to work; in Consideration whereof, they receive when sick or disabled, the following Allowances, that is to say. Six Shillings a Week while confined to their Beds by Sickness or Accidents; Three Shillings a Week when able to walk abroad till they can go to Work j and when they are unable to labour on Account of Age, Half a Crown a Week during the Remainder of their Lives.

That the several Funds have been found more than sufficient to answer these Purposes, and considerable Sums have accumulated which now remain in Hand.

But that the Subscribers have frequently applied such surplus Sums in an improper Manner, to support themselves in Idleness, when they have entered into Combinations for raising Wages, and have been guilty of several other Irregularities in the Disposition thereof.

That if an Act of Parliament were obtained for putting such voluntary Subscriptions under proper Regulations, it would tend to the better Provision for the Poor, and be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Parker and Sir John worth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening,'turning, and altering, the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Hit chin, Baldock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Rourn Bridge; and from the West End of IVtilbury Lane, to the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and

Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hit chin in the County of Hertford, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Roads from Shefford Way P.ojl to the Turnpike Road at and from the North End of Henlow to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, and the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Radwell Corner to the Turnpike Road at Arlefey, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Tima.

1769,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Anthony Abdy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Knuston, in the Parish of m

the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lafielles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Township of in the East

Riding of the County of York And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Township of Bishop Wilton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Lands, and Common Rights, of about the Annual Value of ,£.83, 5J. who, being applied to, refilled to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are of the Annual Value of 1072 ;) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agre, ed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Collar-makers, and other Dealers in Leather, in the Town of Ludlow, on behalf of themselves and many Thousands of the same Occupations, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Leather; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of Wimbiington. in the Parish of Doddington, and in the Parish of Chatterfs, within thelfie of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments' following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 30.1. 12. To leave out " several Sums" and insert " Sum" instead thereof.

Pr. 43.1. 20. To leave out " Thirty-two," and insert " Fifteen" instead thereof.

1. 21. After " Land," to insert " in every One " hundred Acres," and after " Occupiers" to insert " and so In Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than One hundred Acres."

And

3' Martii.

Irchester

Inclosure.

Aclome

Inclosure*

Bishop

Wilton

Inclosure

Duties on Leather.

Doddington, Drainage?.

Answer n\iUlrcrfs for Accounts.

At wick nclolure.

Thwing

odofure.

Exeter, &c. Roads.

9 Geo. III.

3° Mar

267

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pat's: And that the Title be. An Act for the more efi’edual draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of , in the Parish

ot Doddington, and in the Parish of Chatterifs, within

the I fie of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Sir jf-^bn Hynde Co!ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad-drclTes of Tuesday and Wednesdaylaft, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Accounts therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and other Open Grounds, within the Town-ship of Atwick, otherwise Attenwick, in Holderness, in the County of York, which Bill was upon last

reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Fhzving, in the East Riding of the County of York, which Bill was upon last

reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been"in-formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that

the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and -of several Gentlemen' of the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Petition has been presented, for a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts; and that the Way from Exe Bridge, and the West Gate of the City of Exeter, through Rock Lane, is very dangerous and incommodious; and also the Road from the said Bridge and West Gate to Saint John's Church, in the Fore Street of the said City, is very narrow, and dangerous to Passengers; and the Approach to, and Road up, a certain Hill, called North-gate Hill or Street, in the said City, is also very narrow, by reason of several Projections into the Street; and the said Roads cannot be repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall Teem meet. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the acting Trustees, appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for

Vol. 32. *

amending several Roads leading from the City of and also'of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land, residing near and travelling on the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of and County and City of Exeter-, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Robert Mackintosh, Esquire, be at Li- Dundee berty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue' Election. Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Dundee,

Berth, Saint Andrezvs, Cupar, and Forfar.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 2 lit Day of February \&d, for hearing the Matter of the said Petition at the Bar of this House, upon Monctay Morning next; be discharged.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pechell;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ingham for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Inclosure. Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Ingham, in the County of Lincoln} without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wheldrake for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadow Inclosure. Grounds, and Ings, and the Moor or Common, and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Township of Wheldrake, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Elvington for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Mea- Inclo, ure* clows, Ings, and Common Lands, within the Parish of Elvington, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Supply Bill; on Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Exchequer thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Cirenceftet further Consideration the Report, which was made from Road* the Committee, to whom the Bill to continiffe, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to the Monument upon Lans-down, in the same County, was committed, be now-read.* '

And the said Order- being read accordingly j

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Residue of the Amendments, fnade by the Committee to the said Bill; being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

William Pulteney, Esquire, being chosen a Commis- Dundee fioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire Wr»t. of Cromarty-, and also a Commissioner for the District of Burghs of Dundee, Perth, St. Andrews, Cupar, and Forfar; made his Election to serve for the Shire of Crbmarty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do-issue his Warrant to

the

Supply.

Morpeth

Election.

268 3’ Mariii. A. 1769.

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of , Perth.,

St. Andrews, Cupar, and Forfar, in the room of the said William Pulteney , El^uire.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of erecting a Magazine for Gunpowder, and other Conveniences, upon the King’s Land, at Hard, in

Harbour, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to aResolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morping next, resolve itself into a Committee of tb« whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland', together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Francis Eyre, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Mathew White Ridley, for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland.

The Committee have examined the Merits of tips Election.

The Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for retraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was read.

And the last Determination of the House, upon the 9th Day of March 1695, concerning the Right of Electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, whereby it is resolved. That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County, of Northumberland, is only in the Bailiffs and free Burgesses of the said Borough, was also read.

There was no Dispute concerning the Election of Mr. Beckford.

The Poll was:

For Sir Math. White Ridley - - 29

For the Petitioner - - - 24

And it appearing upon the Face of the Poll, that Twelve other People were polled for the Petitioner with Queries, but were afterwards struck out by Order of the Bailiffs who are the Returning Officers;

The Counsel for the Petitioner then examined Mr. William Tate, One of the Bailiffs, who laid the said

*7

Persons were eroded out just after the Poll was taken. — They retired into the Grand Jury Room immediately after the Poll, and they were there struck out} Mr. Cleaver went into the Grand Jury Room with them, but don’t know that he said any thing to Fenwick, the other Bailiff.

And being asked what the Reason was for refuting those Votes ? — he said. That the Candidates agreed that the Mandamus Men were to be set dowp and queried: — That an Argument was held before the First of them was polled, and after the Twelve were set down with Queries: — Being asked if the Argument was resumed after the Twelve were set down with a Query ? he said. No, but there was aConteft about their Titles; — and then repeated, that after the Twelve polled, there was no Argument: — That the Witness and the other Bailiff thought they were not legal Votes, and advised with Counsel upon it.

And being asked if the Names were struck out in the Grand Jury Room, where they had retired immediately after the Poll, or in open Court in the Presence of all Parties? — He said, To the best of his Remembrance, in the Grand Jury Room; that the other Bailiff struck them out — and Nobody made any Objection, when he said they were not good.

Being asked if the Returning Officers, before they went into the Room, declared that those Votes were to be struck off — he said, No, — Or if Cleaver said any thing when he came into the Room — he said nothing to him, if he said any thing, it was to Fenwick; but at last admitted, that he believed Cleaver did whisper to Fenwick: — -That the Sitting Member had Counsel, and the Petitioner none.

The Counsel then proceeded to shew the Partiality of the Returning Officer, and what passed at the Poll; and for that Purpose called,

Robert Swan — who being asked by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, if he had subscribed to the Expence of that Petition, an Objection was taken, but he said, That the Aldermen had given so much out of their Boxes to fend Witnesses up to London — there was some of his Money to be sure: And the Witness and Counsel being ordered to withdraw;

The Committee were of Opinion — That Robert Swan having declared, that he had contributed to carry on the Expence of the Petition, could not be admitted an Evidence to prove the Allegations thereof.

The said Counsel then proceeded to establish the Franchises of the Twelve People so objected to on the Poll; and having produced the Corporation Books, the Counsel for the Sitting Member admitted that the Twelve Persons queried were elected Freemen of their Companies, and tendered themselves to be admitted at a Court Leet, at Michaelmas 1767.

The Counsel for the Petitioner examined Edward Newton: — And being asked whether the Twelve were admitted Burgesses in 1767 — he said, They were elected about Two Years before; that they tendered themselves at a former Court Leet, previous to their applying for their Mandamus’s. That was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and that the Steward of the Court, refused to admit them both Times.

And the Witness being asked if any of the Twelve are Freemen of Morpeth ? — he said, He believed so — that he knew them all: — And being asked, if John Hall (One of the Twelve) was an Alderman, he said. Yes, of One of the Companies; — and that it is needflary a Man should be a Freeman before he is an Alderman: — That the Twelve had exercised their Offices ever since last Year — They were elected by their Companies — in the Companies where some are Free Men, and some Free Brothers: — That the Majority of each Company elect the Aldermen: — There are more Free Brothers than Free Men: — And being asked if he knew the Tanners Company ? — he said. He believed there are

more

o Geo. III. 3 0 Mart o

more Free Men in that Company: — That Burgesses are Free Brothers before they can be elected of their Companies: ‘

That in the Borough are Seven Guilds, Two Bailiffs, and Seven Aldermen; but he did not know how many Burgesses. — Both Free- Men and Free Brothers are elected by the Majority of the Company they belong to — some Companies elect more than others: — Twenty-four are elected in all by the several Companies, and presented by their Aldermen to the Court Leet, to be sworn: — -These Twelve were refused at the Court, and afterwards brought Mandamus’s in the Court of King’s Bench; that he alw'ays thought the Steward is obliged to swear them; — that several were made Burgesses afterwards, and not objected to; — that Morpeth is a Borough by P refcriprion; and it has always been customary to present to the Court Leet to be sworn And being asked if any of the Inhabitants of Morpeth are intitled to their Freedom by Birth ? — he laid,'They always go to EledionsAnd being asked whether any were intitled by Servitude: — he laid, All by their Companies:

— That either Birth or Servitude gives a Right to be a Free Brother; — he knew some of the Twelve were intitled by Birth, and others by Servitude: — That at the Time the Twelve were refused by the Steward, Thirty-three offered in all, some of which had been elected Twenty Years.

Then William Jones, One of the Clerks of the Crown Office, produced Thirty-three Mandamus’s: — And the Counsel for the Petitioner laid. They were issued to swear in- Thirty-three Freemen of Mof whom the Twelve

are a Part: — That the Steward of the Court, to whom they were directed, made a Return, that they were noc duly elected; and that they could not be sworn in without the Approbation of the Lord: — Whereupon Issue was joined, and a Consent Rule, that the Trial of One should bind all the rest. — A Verdict was found, that they were duly elected, and that there was no such Custom in the Borough; in consequence whereof, in Michaelmas Term 1767 — Judgment and peremptory Mandamus’s issued, which were served: — A new Trial was moved for, which the Court refused to grant, being satisfied with the Verdict The peremptory Mandamus’s issued the 9th Novemb, returnable the 28th, and Were served the 24th.

Then Christopher Fawcett, Esquire, Stewart} to Lord

Carlisle, as Lord of the Court Leet of Morpeth, was called, and produced the Thirty-thfee peremptory Writs of Mandamus, which he said were served on him at Newcastle the 24th of November 1767: — One of them was read; and he said, The Returns were all alike; — That they were all sworn at Newcastle.

The Witness being asked if these People had applied to him at the Court Leet to be admitted in pursuance of their Election ? — he said, Upon the 4th of 1766, a Paper was delivered to him signed by the Names mentioned in the Mandamus’s, to inform him,

' that they would present themselves at the next Court: — He believed they did appear — and he refused them; — they all presented themselves again the 6th of October 1767: Being asked if they were satisfied there was a Verdict ? — he said. Yes, That he was in his Diningroom at Newcastle when he was served with the peremptory Mandamus: — It was the 24th of November very late at Night, and they were returnable the 28th.

And being asked if he was desired to go to Morpeth to admit them ? — He said. Yes; and to the best of his Recollection, he said, He would certainly go, if the Writs required him: — Being asked if he did not understand that the Writ required him to swear them in a legal Manner ? — he said, That he did not consent to go to Morpeth, nor insist that they -should go to Newcastle — nor did he say he would swear them there — they were sworn at Newcastle — he was desirous of leaving nothing undone on his Part.: — That the Witness’s Business is to hold Courts on prescriptive Days; — and said,

Vol. 32.

If they would come and tender themselves, he would do all he could and he understood he could hold no Court but on a prescriptive Day; and that he told them, if they would come and tender themselves, he-would do all he could: — He sent a Messenger t;o the Clerk of the Court for the Form of the Oath, and Admittances, which tho Clerk sent the Witness the next ’ Day, and desired that he would secure his Fees, as he Was not able to come himself: — Whereupon he told the Persons they mud pay the Fees to the Clerk; — there was nothing due to the Witness: — There was some Debate, and then they saidit was not usual to pay Fees.

And being asked if he thought an Action would hot lie for the Fees - he said, he supposed the Clerk would bring Actions the next County Court against every one of them; and that he meant they should not withhold the usual Fees due to the Clerk of the Court.

Being asked if he gave them Joy of their Admission ?

— he said. He believed in the usual Way — he thought it not a good Admission — paid them the usual Compliment — gave him a Receipt for the Fees-and the Receipt was produced, which he owned to be his Handwriting.

And being asked if he at any other Time said these People were legally admitted ? — he said he. could not recoiled — he believed he could not say so — his Opinion was otherwise.

Being asked Whether at the Time the Thirty-three were admitted, there were not others admitted also ? — he said. There were.

And being asked if he knew that any were admitted but at Court Leets ? — he said. No — nor did he believe there ever were any — he always understood it should be at a Court Leet — has known some admitted at an adjourned Court Leet — has heard there is an instance, where the Stile of the Court appears a Court Baron; — but that must have been a Mistake — he never examined it.

Being asked if he knew in any modern Times of PeN fons being admitted but at a Court Leet ? — he said. No — he remembered to have had an Order from Lord Carlisle'% Guardian for Two Persons, who had received peremptory Mandamus’s: — The Witness could not attend at that Court; but it being allowed they had an undoubted Right to be admitted, he thought there was no Occasion to let them wait for Half a Year, therefore sent a Deputy to swear them in at an adjourned Court LeetThat he was not j;equested to keep the Court open to swear in the Thirty-three: — Being asked if he at any other Time swore in any at Newcastle at an adjourned Court;

He said, Upon the 25th of November 1767, the Day the Thirty-three were sworn, he had a special Order from the Lord of the Manor to swear in Richard John Morton, a Smith, John Spencer, and Taylor; they had not Mandamus’s — 26th Novembe 1767, swore

in Robert Shotten, a Weaver, Oliver another, Edward Reaunt, a Fuller and Dyer. — 7th December, swore in Ralph Steel, a Merchant Taylor, and another Person: thinks there were Nine in all. — They had all been presented the same as Mandamus Men, but did not bring the Writs; those were all he ever swore at Newcastle, except George Fenwick, the 16th of 1768: — It

was no voluntary Act of the Witness — he had the Orders of the Lord of the Manor; — he said. The Election was after this, on the 21st of March: Being asked if he thought the Orders of the Lord of the Manor more binding than those of the King’s Bench j he said. He did not: Being asked why he did it, as being illegal; he said. As an Officer of the Court, where no Injury could be done, he thought it his Duty to obey the Lord’s Order, and did not know any thing of the Illegality of it, and did not say he Was bound to obey the Order of the Lord to do an illegal Thing.

Being asked whether, upon Admission of the several

3 Z Persons,

l

Morpeth

Eictiion.

t

270 3 a Marti17

Morpeth Persons, the Forms were not varied ? — he said, No further lection. than Necessity obliged, to make them Common Sense: - — And being asked if he did not tell the People, that their being admitted as Burgesses of could

not be legal ?< — he said. He could not recollect precisely the Conversation; that very possibly he might say. They ought to be sworn at a Court, because he thought lb: — The' Nine Persons who were admitted without Mandamus’s were sworn in afterwards at the Court Leer, because they apprehended the swearing at Newcaji/e was not agreeable to the ancient Usage of the Borough; And being asked if he was privy to any Notice given to the other Mandamus Men to be sworn at the next Court ? — he said, Having not been sworn in according to Usage, he recommended their being called over; — , some of them appeared: — He told them. That was the first Opportunity he had in his Power to comply effectually with the Writ of Mandamus, and was then ready to fwelr them in according to Usage: — Being asked if that Court Leet was after the Election ? he said. Yes,. That they are not like other Courts Leet} they are on prescriptive Days, tied down to a certain Day, the First Monday after Easter, and the First Monday rafter Michaelmas: — That none of the Thirty-three were sworn again at the Court Leet j they said. They were adviled they were good Votes* and there was no Occasion for it.

And being asked if he thought he should have a<sted legally if he had called a Court on Purpose ? — He said, No, he thought not.

And being asked if there have not been Instances of Mandamuffes to hold Court Leets ? — He said, He believed there had been many Instances of Mandamuffes issuing to swear Officers into Corporations; and others for other Purposes; — he should have thought it his Duty to have done it upon a peremptory Mandamus; — he understood it was as legal to swear them in at as at

Morpeth, if not at a Court Leet: — That if he had done any Thing beyond those Mandamuffes, he should have exceeded his Power.

The Entries of Free Burgesses are upon a little Bit of Stampt Paper} they are not kept in a Book; they are kept by the Clerk: — Under ft and that the Free Brothers must be presented — in 1766, all were presented in due Form.

Being asked if Application had been made to swear any in before the 33 ?

He said Two other Persons some Time before, who obtained peremptory Mandamuffes, to which lie put in a Return of not duly elected — issue was joined, Opinion taken a Day or two before the Trial, that it was not a safe issue; they therefore withdrew it — consequently Mandamuffes issued, they were brought to him at castle in the Vacation of Courts: — He said he should certainly obey those Writs; and told the Persons it was right to wait till the next Court; they did so, and were then admitted That the Agents of Lord s

Guardian told the Witness, there never had been any Persons sworn in, but at a Court Leet.

Being asked if jt was in the Power of the Court of King’s Bench to grant special Mandamuffes for swearing Magistrates ? He answered, He could not say.

The Petitioners Counsel then called William , who produced examined Copies of the Admissions of the Twelve Persons at Ne-wcaflle — the Admission of John Snaith read, signed Christopher Fawcett, and dated, Borough of Morpeth; — And being asked if he knew the Custom of admitting Freemen in the said Borough? — be said, He did And being asked if he knew, or ever heard, that any Persons were admitted Freemen, without being sworn at a Court Leet? — He said not of his Knowledge? — he had been told they could at an adjourned Court Leet; — he had heard of One being sworn at the Black Bull at Morpeth — And being asked if that was an adjourned Court ? — Said there was a Court just before; it was not adjourned to the Bull: — but, as he was in-zt

formed, to the Town-Hall: — And being asked where he took the Copies of those Admissions from ? — He laid, From Mr. Fawcett's Office; he did not know where they were sworn: — And being asked if those Men ’ever presented themselvesat a Court Leet ? — He said, Yes, — the Steward said he had no Orders from the Lord of the Manor to swear them in: And being asked if he knew of any being sworn in at a Court Baron ? — said, He had a List of Forty-one being sworn in at a Court Baron; and he offered to produce a Copy from One of the Corporation Books, in the Custody of the Clerk of the Court Leet, which was objc&ed to.

In order to prove the Declarations of the Returning Officers against the Petitioner, previous to the Election;

John White, Jane Atkinson, and Robert , were

called, whose Evidence was, That in several different Conversat ions with Andrew Fenwick, One of the Returning Officers, before the Ele<ftioi>, they had heard him say with Oaths and Imprecations, that if Mr. Eyre had eves so great a Majority, he neverfhould be returned a Member {ox Morpeth, let the Consequence be what it will; — that at the Time of this Conversation, Mr. and Mr.

Eyre were Candidates And Jane Atkinson added, that Fenwick came to her and told her, if (he could persuade her Husband, who was a Mandamus Man, to give a Vote i® the Carlisle Interest, he should have a Tide Waiter’s

Place of £. 40 a Year, and said now was the Time to make her Fortune; — that Ihe should never want for any Thing.

The Counsel for the Petitioner dosed their Evidence.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member petitioned against, called Matthew Waters, Esquire, who said he was present at the Election; and remembered the Twelve being put down on the Poll with a Query: — ;it was agreed by the Candidates and the Returning Officers, that the Voters should be called as they flood in Rank upon Lord Carlisle's Lift, which was said to be according to

the Custom there; — Much Opposition as to the Time of Ltmfden'% being admitted, >as being a Mandamus Man: — and that the Mandamus Men should be set down according to their Ranks: — The Officers were so pressed for Room on the Bench, that when the Poll was ended, they retired into the Grand Jury Room, staid there a few Minutes; and on their Return declared tbcNumbers; and that Mr. Beckford and Sir Mathew White Ridley had the Election: — And then the Clerk, in the Witness’s Sight, struckout the Twelve Mandamus Men in Open Court, by the Direction of the Returning Officers No further Argument was used on Account of Mr. Eyre, nor Evidence offered with respect to these Votes.

Mr. Robert Life, who took the Poll, being called, declared he (truck the Twelve Persons out of the Poll in’ Open Court, by Direction of the Returning Officers; — -and added that he was acquainted with the Custom of the Borough — that no.Free Men or Free Burgesses can be admitted out of a Court Leet; — nor had there been any these Thirty Years, being the Time he had known the Borough.

And upon his Cross Examination, being asked, why the Mandamus Men were not polled when they offered, he said, Because they were calling the old Freemen, it was always the Method to poll according to Seniority on the Roll: The Objection at that Time was, because it was npf come to their Turn: — Had known several refused who had applied: — He never knew any Freemen vote for a Member who had not been admitted at a> Court Leet.

Then the Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Edward Lumfden, Henry Lumfden, John John Wright, Henry Bottleston, Charles Pye, William Sin-

gleton, Thomas Bittlefon, junior, Thomas Jefferson, Jojepk Cook, William Wood, and John Hall, having tendered

their

Haslemere

Election.

Quiet of the Subjects,

9 Geo. III.

3° — 6° Martiu

271

their Votes to the Bailiffs at the last Election for Members to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, had not a right to vote, and ought not to have been allowed on the Poll.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Matthew White Ridley, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time j

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T^for theY-.{»£; '

Tellers for the Noes, |

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.'

The subsequent Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tho House.

Ordered, That James Edward , and John

ston, Esquires, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue filed ion and Return for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered That the Burgesses of the said Borough of Haslemere, in the County of , who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Mattyr of the said Petitions.

ls7.

w

Ordered, That all haverVoices, who fcorrie to the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending and Continuing navigable the River Calder, to or near Bridge, in

the Parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the

Kiver Hebble, Helig, or Halifax Brook, from Mouth, to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the County of York; and for repealing an Act made in the 31 ft Year of his late Majesty for those Purposes; is committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved,. That this House will, upon Wednfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants, trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

9 A

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Commitee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce., 6° d;

Anno 9# Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1769.

Caller

Navigation.

Duties w Leather,

Ways; and Meant.

PRAYIRS.

Mr. Lascelles according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 2ift Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place -f and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Estates already in Charge before any proper Officer, duly in Charge within the Meaning of the Ad.

And the said Clause was twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

AnotherClause was offered to be added to the Bill, that the Ad shall not extend to the Right of any Person claiming under a Grant made before a certain Day, provided the Right be prosecuted within a limited Timtf.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that the Ad shall not extend to His Majesty’^ Right within the Manor of Enjt Greenwich and the Savoy, provided the Right be prosecuted within a limited Time.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroired.

Vol. 32.

A. Petition of the several Manufacturers of Leather Duties on „ within the Borough of Ashburton, and Places ad- Leather, jacent: And also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers, Curriers, Sadlers, Ditto. Collar-makers, and others, concerned in the Consumption of Tanned Leather, and exporting of Goods manu-fadured of that Commodity, in the Borough of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j Complaining of the high Price of Leather; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and bthers dealing in Leather; in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House according Blackfriar’t to Order, a Bill for making a Road from the South End Bridge of Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road Roa"f* cross St. George’s Fields, and from thence, to some Place at or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Atwick Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pafturfes, Moors, Com- . nc^urc’ mons, and other Open Grounds, within the Township of Atwick, otherwise Altenwick, in Holderness, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons,

and

Thwing

lndofure.

Bishop Wilrott Indasure.

Sheriff Hutton laclosure.

Exeter, See. Roods.

272

and other Open Grounds, within the Township of wick, otherwise Attenwick, in in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill' to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Thwing, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, Laiids, and Grounds, within the Manorand Parish of Thwing, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Township of Bishop Wilton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Township of Bishop Wilton, in the East Riding.of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Town-ships of Sheriff Hutton and West LII/ey, in the Parish of Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Hanmer, See: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the acting Trustees, appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land, residing near, and travelling on, the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Devon, and County and City of Exeter; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and Principal Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, and of the Gentlemen resident in the County of Devon, and in the said City, acting Trustees and Creditors of the Turnpike Roads? and also, the Petition of the acting Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Lands, residing near, and travelling on, the Roads therein after mentioned, in the said County, whose Names , are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Thro Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others. Hying near, and travelling, the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto fub-lcribed; and also, the Petition of the Trustees for the Subdivision of the Turnpike Roads leading from Credi-

ton, in Devon, to the City of ? and also, the

Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and principal fnhabitants, of the City of Exeter, and others concerned therein; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two

A. 17 69-

Acts, passed in the Twenty.-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and of several Gentlemen and others-of the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council and Principal Inhabitants, of the City of Exeter, and others concerned therein; were severally referred; That the Committeehad examined the Matters of the First, Third, Fourth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth mentioned Petitions, no Person appearing in Support of the Second and Fifth mentioned Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fdlloweth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the First, Third, and Fourth mentioned Petitions;

The Agent for the Petitioners produced Two Acts of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; which were read; And,

Mr. Robert Pullen, being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof; and have borrowed the Suru.of £. 23,250, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied in the Repair of the said Roads; but that the same cannot be completely repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged.

That Part of the Road leading from the Bottom of the Causeway, nearest the North Gate, in the Parish of St. David, in the County of the City of Exeter, to the Town of Crediton, being Part of the Road directed to

be repaired by the said Act, called St. David's Hill, and the Entrance into the said City, from the Bottom of the said Causeway, through North Gate Street, is very steep, dangerous, and incommodious to Travellers; and it would be of public Utility, if a good Road was made from St. David's Hill, through a Lane called How til's Lane, certain Fields called Wh Fields, Pound Lane, and Long Brook Street, to the Oxford Inn, near the East Gate of the said City.

That Part of the Road leading from Alphington Crols, through the Parishes of Alphington, St. Thomas the Apostle, and Brampford Speke, by St. Thomas's Pound and Exweek, to the Smith’s Shop near Cowley Bridge, viz. from the Turnpike Gate at Exweek Cross to the Smith’s Shop near Cowley Bridge aforesaid, is so narrow and ruinous that it cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

T0 prove the Allegations of the Sixth and Eighth mentioned Petitions:

Mr. John Jefper, being examined, said, That he knows Exe Bridge, Part lying in the County of , and other Part in the County of the City of leading from the,

Parish of St. Thomas the Apostle, in the said County, to the West Gate of the said City: That it is very narrow that Two Carriages cannot, without great Danger, pass each other; that these are several Houses oh the lower or South East Side of the said Bridge, which greatly streighten the Avenue to the said City; and that from the Narrowness of the said Bridge, frequent Accidents happen thereupon.

That the Way from Exe Bridge, and the West Gare of the City of Exeter, through Rock Lane, and also the Way from the said Bridge 'and West Gate to St. John's Church in the Fore Street of the said City, are in fbme Places very narrow and dangerous to Passengers.

That the Approach to, and Way up, a certain Hill, called Northgate Hill or Street in the said City, are.so very narrow in some Places, by reason of several Projections into the Street, that Two Carriages cannot pass by each other; that the said Approach and Way are also in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually widened and repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

To

6° Martii.

4

9 Geo. III. ' 6° Martii.

273

To prove the Allegations of the Seventh-mentioned Petition.

Lyle Moxham, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road, between Alphington Church and Crab Lake, at or near Oak Corner, to and through a Ford cross the River called Count Js Wear; and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Larkbear to the Town of Topsham, at a Place called the Red leading to Riding Lane, b in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious; and the said Ford being frequently dangerous to Passengers, many Lives have been loft in attempting to pass the same: And it would be of public Utility if a Bridge was built over the River Exe, at or near the said Ford; but that such Bridge cannot be , erected, nor the said Road repaired and widened, with-

out the Authority of an Act of Parliament.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence, with respect to the Danger of passing the Ford j and added, That he had frequently been in danger of being drowned, the Stream being so strong as to carry his Horse down it.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual Two Acts, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter j and for repairing and widening the Way or Street, from the Causeway at the Bottom of St. David's Hill, through Nortkgate Street, to St. Paul's Street, and rendering the Passage thereof more commodious j and for opening a Road or Highway from St. David's Hill, through Howel's Lane, to The Oxford Inn, near the East ' Gate of the said City j and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Exweed Cross, to the Smith’s Shop near Cowley Bridge, in the County of Devon; and also for repairing and widening, or re-building, Exe Bridge, in the County of Devon, and County pt the City of Exeter, and for removing Obstructions in certain Ways or Streets leading from the said Bridge;

and also for repairing and widening the Road from the ^Turnpike Road near to the Turn-

pike Road at the Red Post leading to Riding Lane -, and for erecting a Bridge at or near a Ford called Wear, in the County of Devon: And that Sir. George Yonge, Mr. Parker, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Serjeant Glynn, the Lord Lisburne, and Mr. John Bullet, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ebberston , a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields* atoure. Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Ebberston, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lqfctiles,

Mr. Dickinson, &c. s And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

St. Nicholas’ - A Bill for railing Money to discharge Debts contracted <^"rch> m taking down and re-building the Parish Church,'Tower,

1 9 and Spire, of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Bristol, and for re-building the Spire, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Tjme.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Brick-dale, Lord Clare, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Doddington, Ordered, That Mr. Wyldbore do carry to the Lords the Drainage ingrossed Bill for the more effectual draining, embanking, and preserving certain Fen Lans and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of Wimbling, in the Parish of Doddington, and in the Parish of ChalteriJ's, within the Ilk of in the County of Cambridge , and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereto.

{Mi'idldex6* A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there-' Streets. unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Three VOL.32.

several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highway, from the Stones End, at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and other Places in the County of Essex; and also of several Gentlemen and others frequently piaffing the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill " for " paving such Parts of the Parish of St. Mary " otherwise Whitechapel, and the Precinct ot Well Cloje,

" as lie in the County of Middlesex, and Liberty of the " Tower of London, and Parts of certain Streets adjoiaing to the said Parish and Precinct, and for opening " such Passages as are therein mentioned and setting forth. That by the said Bill, if passed into a Law, %

Third Toll will be laid upon all Hotfes passing with Carriages or otherwise to or from the City of London, to or from any Parts of the Counties of Essex, Norfolk, Suffolk, or Cambridge, although they will pass over to or from their respiedlive Inns, or Carrying Places, but a very few Rods of the said new intended Pavement which lies be* tween the said Parish Church, and the Beginning of the new Pavement made by the City of London, in the Pa* rish of Aldgate; and that it is apprehended that the said Bill will take away, or in some degree affect, the Money paid Yearly by the said Parish of to the said

Trustees, for Compositioti of Statute Work, and also lay several other Hardships and Burthens on Trade, Tillage, and Persons passing and repassing the said Turnpike Road, which will interfere with the Powers vested in the Petitioners, the Trustees, by the said Acts of Parliament: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against; such Parts of the said Bill, as may affect them.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others Ditto, of the County of Essex, was also presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, they and the County of Essex in general, will be greatly injured by the Tolls proposed by the said Bill: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of divers Freeholders, Land Owners, and Ditto. Leaseholders of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex; and also of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Vestrymen, and other inhabitants of the said Parish; was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty for the better enlightening the Open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts, and for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, for which Purpose a Rate of Eight Pence in the Pound is laid upon the Occupiers of Estates and Inmates within the said Parish 5 and that, by virtue of a Public Law, a further Tax of Eight Pence, in the Pound is laid Annually upon the Inhabitants and Inmates aforesaid, for the Purpose of cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Parish; ana taking Notice of the said Bill for paving such Parts of the Parish of St, Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, and the Precinct of Well Cloje, as lie in the County of Middlesex, and Liberty of the Tower of London, and Parts of certain Streets adjoining to the said Parish and Precinct, and for opening such Passages as are therein mentioned; and that in the said Bill, Provision is made* not only to pave the High Street in the said Parish, from

Whitechapel Bars, to Whitechapel Church, which is the only Street the Public in general can receive any Benefit from, but every other Street and Place in their said Parish extending to Well Cloje Liberty and also any other Part or Parts of the Pavements of such Streets, Squares* Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, and other Places, as are situate in any other Parish adjoining thereto; and Provision is likewise made in the said Bill, to rate and afieft as well the Inhabitants of their own Parish as the Inhabit-

4 A anty

274 6° Martii. 1769.

ants of any Parish contiguous; and that, by the said Bill, Power is likewise given to erect and set up a Gate, or Turnpike, upon the said High Street called

High Street, with a Side Gate to be annexed to the said Turnpike, and extend Eastward across Church Lane., and another Side Gate to be annexed to the said Turnpike, and extend Westward across Dirty Lane, and also One other Gate, or Turnpike, adrofs the East End of Rosemary Lane, with a Side Gate to be annexed to the Iaft-mentioned Turnpike, and to extend Westward across White Lion Street aforesaid; and that the Petitioners are appre-hensive that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Hands, it would lay a very grievous Burthen upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Christ Church, which adjoins to the said Parish of St. Mary , in

a Street called Wentworth Street, which is very long and narrow, and not One Third Part thereof passable for Two Carriages together, and also adjoins the said Parish , of St. Mary Whitechapel at a Place called Lane;

and the major Part of the Inhabitants of those Places, and the Streets, Courts, Lanes, and Alleys therein, being Journeymen employed in the Silk and Woollen Manufactory, are not capable of paying the present Taxes, and therefore must be totally unable to bear an additional Tax; and that, if a Toll Gate be affixed across the High Street, with a Side Gate leading into the

Petitioners are apprehensive it will be Hill more grievous and burthensome: And therefore praying the House, to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, both in re-sped to the paving and taxing the said Parish of Christ Church in the Manner as in the Bill set forth, and fixing the above Gates; and that the Petitioners may be heard, - by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving such Parts of the Pari (It of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, and the Precind of Close, as lie in the County of Middlesex, and Liberty of the Tower of London, and Parts of certain Streets adjoining to the said Parish and Precind; and for opening such Passages as are therein mentioned; is committed j and the Petitioners are to be severally heard, by their Counsel, before the said Com-' . mittee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com--mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Oxford A Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and

Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, <Cana'ltry -waS Pre-ented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of; and letting forth;

That the Petitioners are of Opinion, that every Inland Navigation which is likely to interfere with the Coal or Coasting Trade of these Kingdoms must be very prejudicial to the Nursery and Increase of Seamen; and that, if the said Bill should be carried into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend the same will affect the Northern Navigation, and thereby reduce the Number of those useful Subjects the Seamen; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Considerstioa, and grant them such Relief therein as the Importance of the same shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mantrofe An ingrossed Bill for continuing Two Acts, made in Two Pennies the Sixth Year of King George the First, and in the Se-Seoti. Venth Year of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two

*7

Pennies Scott, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing Two Acts made in the Sixth.

Year of King George the First, and in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies

Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyon do Carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Nobility, and the humble Westminster Petition of several Gentlemen,' Vestrymen, and other Paving. Gentlemen and Tradesmen, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of sex, and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for raising a Fund for completing the several Purposes of the Acts passed, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for other Purposes; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, jf the said Bill should pass into a Law, they would be greatly aggrieved thereby, and a heavier Burthen would be thrown upon the said Parish than upon any other within the said City and Liberty; and that the Petitioners are desirous of being excepted out of the said Bill, in order to apply to Parliament in the next Session for a separate Bill, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish, in the same Manner as Bond Street is now paved, cleansed, and lighted: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Tucker presented to the House, according to Or- Coin der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- St. A Id win* mon Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, within Inclosure' the Manor and Lordship of Coin St. Aldwins, in the County of Gloucester:. And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to rebuild the Shire Hall of the County of Hot- Nottingham tingham, and for using the Guild Hall of the Town and- Shire HalL County of the Town of Nottingham for the Purposes of a Shire Hall in the mean Time, was read a Second Time.

; . Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

Ordered, That Sir William Maynard do make the Re- Harlow Bu(U port from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge, Common the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth w *?, . Year of King George the First, and Sixteenth Year of his Road* late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of EJJe was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peace,

Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, in the Parish of Iiarlozv, and the Places adjacent, in the County of Essex-, and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Corn-dealers, Millers, Farmers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Epping, in the County of whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, in Behalf of themselves and many others; and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Corn-dealers, Millers,

York and Kinufton-upon-Hull Theatres.

Cirencester, & c. Read.

9 Geo. III. 6 Martit. 275

lers, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the Market Town of Waltham Abbey, in the County of Essex, whose Names are subscribed, ip Behalf of themselves and many others; were severally referred.

Sir William Maynard accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel, and had also heard Coun-fel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to license a Playhouse, in the City of York, and in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to license a Playhouse, in the City of York, and in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hnll.

Ordered, That. Mr. Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to the Monument upon Lansdown, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of to the Tenth Mile

Stone from Cirencester, at or near the East End of the Town of Tetbury; and from the West End of the Church Yard, in the said Town of Tetbury, to a Gate in the said County, near the Monument upon Lansdown.

Ordered, That Sir William Codrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moor, or Common, called Crofgate Moor, in the Parish of St. Oswald, in the County Palatinate of Durham j and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed intercommon Lands there; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor, or Common, called Crofgate Moor, in the Parish of St. in the County Palatine of Durham; and for extinguish-ingall Right of Common in certain inclosed intercommon Lands there.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Account of Extraordinaries incurred, and paid Anno 1768 by George Cooke, Esquire, and the Right honour-' able Thomas Townshend, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and not provided for by Parliament: And also.

Account of Extraordinaries incurred, and paid Anno 1768 by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Tides of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth,

V01. 3*;

Am

Crofgate

Inclosure.

Account! presented: Army Extras.

6° Mar

A. 1769

Ah ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid Anno 1768, by the late George Cooke, Esquire, and the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

1768.

Jany n. To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Major Gen1 Gage, for the Public Services

in North America - - - 50-----

Feb.25. To Bills of Exch. drawn by D*, for D*, in D# - 1,000 — —

May 5. To a Bill of Exch. drawn by D°, for D", in D° - 50 — - —

Jan. 12. To a Bill of Exch. drawn by Govr Melville, for Public Services at Grenada,

the Grenadines, &c. ---- 3,000-----

May 3. To a D% drawn by D°, for D*, in Dp- - - 500 — —

Jan. 12. To a Bill of Exch. drawn by Brigadier Gen1 Tayler, for Public Services at Penfaeola ——

To a D°, drawn by Robert Farmar, Esq’; Commander of His Majesty’s Forces at Mobille and LouiJiana for Public Services there - - 75 10 4

May 5. To a D', drawn by D% for D°, at D° - - - 8 14 —

10. To a Bill of Exch. drawn by Ll G. Cornwallis as Governor of Gibraltar, for Public Services there -

Jan. 15. To Sir Sdhtuel Fludyer, Bart, and John Drummond, Esqr} to be by them applied and inverted in the purchasing and

Portugal Coins, for the Use and Services of the Forces in North America - - - 10,000 — —

Apr. 5. To the Representatives of Sir Samuel Fludyer, Bart.

and John Drummond, Esq; for the Use and Services

of D°, in D° - - - - 20,000 — —

1767* Dec. 2.

12*.

1768. Feb. 6.

Mar. 10.

May 5.

JaiP 15,

To Arnold Nesbitt, Esq; Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esqr; for

victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York and New Jersey, between 25 June 1767 and 24 Seps following, and for Provisions delivered at New York, for the Use of the Forces at Louijbourg ----- 3,056 19 —

To D°, for viCl* the Forces at Quebec and Montreal,

between 24 August 1767 and 25 Oblob. following - 1,572 12 11

To D°, for victualling the Forces at New York and Jersey, between 25 Sepr 1767 and 24 Ncvr following, and for Provisions delivered at Albany, to be sent to the Pt fts and Garrisons West ward.

To D°, forvict* the Forces in the Province of

nia, between 25 Aug1 1767 and 24 Deer following, and for Provisions delivered at Fort Pitt, to be sent to Fort Charles at the Illinois -To D°, for viCl* the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, between 24 Obi. 1767 and 25 following -To D°, for vict* D°, within the Provinces of York New Jersey, S° Carolina, and Georgia, between 25 Nov. 1767 and 24 Jati> 1768, and for Provisions delivered at Nezv York, for the Troops at New Providence -

To Chauncey Townsend, Esq; for viCl* the Forces in Newfoundland, from 29 Sepr 176b, to 28 DecT following both Days inclusive - - 2*842 8 — -

1,254 5 8

2,751 2 9

!,75° 7 6

1,617 *5 9

s. d.

1,100 — - —

3,500 — — J05 13 I

84 4 4

5*5 7

30,000 — —

Feb.

6° Martii.

9 Geo. III.

' ?; >

Wvrwit*.

1763:

6. To D®, for vid. Part of the Forces at Sdotia, from 26 Oil. 1767, to 20 Z)ecr following, both inclusive 768 6 1

1767.

Nov. 18. To Mathew Woodford Esq; for vid‘ the Gar" of

Halifax, CkigneSoand polis Royal, between 13 ^r/7 1767 and 2d following, both inclusive - - - - 1,179 14 6

1768.

Mar. ii* To the Representativesof late Mathew Woodford, Esqr; for vid‘

the Forces in Nova , between 3 Auf 1767 and 25 QEF following, both inclusive - 935 2 9

*767‘

Zw. 22.

24.

1768. Feb. 20.

1767.

&P-4-

1768. Feb. 2o,

4T/r. 13.

To Richard Vernon Sadlier, Esq; for vid* 50a Men in Nova Scotia, by way of Advance, and upon Account -

To Sir John Major, and Jn° Hemtiker, Esq; for vid* thb Forces in West Florida, between 25 OS. 1766 and 24 Dec. following, both inclusive, and for Bread damaged at Pensacola -

To Edward Codrington, for vid* the Forces in D®,

between 25 June 1767 and 24 Aug1 following, anti for Provisions issued to French Emigrants at Cam-bletown, between 24 Feb* .1767 and 24 July following ... - -

To MelT* Cuming and M, for vid* the Gar4 of St.

Augustine, in East Florida, between 22 Ded 1766 and 12 April 1767, and for Provisions issued to the Out Polls of the said Gar0, between t Jan. and 24 Apr. 1767, and also for Provisions damaged and condemned, between 3 OS. 1766 and 28 April 1767 -

To D°, for vid. D°, between 13 17 67 and 25 OS. following, -and for Provisions damaged and condemned, between *9 Apr. and 28 OS. 1767, and for Expences in carrying Prov* to the -Out Polls, between 29 Decern.

1765 and 24 June 1767 - 1,939 lS 4

To D°, for vid* D®, between 26 OS' 1767 and 20 Dec. following, and for Prov* issued to the Out Polls of D°, between 23 Apr. and 24 December 1767 648 1 5

i»339 11

*767-

Dec.

1768. Feb. 12.

20.

May 5.

To Anthony Bacon, Esq; for vid* the Forces in the Bland of St. Vincent's, between 31 March 1767 and 30 June following - 873 18 6

To D°, for vid* the Forces in the Island of Grenada, and To D® for D°, in the Bland of Dominica, between 1 July 1767 and 30 Sept' following To D", for D®, in the Island of St. Vincent, between 1 July 1767* and 30 Sep. following -

2,996 19 5

497 1 9

866 19 7

Vol. 32.

4 ®

3,610 14 1

2,114 17 5

i>5°° — —

1,113 i 6 II

.2,124 18 7

3,927 7 ni

378 Martii.

Dates of 'Warrants.

1768.

May 17. To D®, for D°, in the Island of , between 1 July 1767 and 30 Sepr following 232 3 7

1 5*467 *

10. To Zachary Philip Formercan, Esq; and Sir Merrick Burrellt Bart, for vitt* the Forces at,

between 12 Obi. 1767 and 3 1768, both in-

elusive - 6,041 6 1

Apr, 13. To D®, for vict. D® at D®, between 4

and 31 January 1768 both inclusive - - - - 2,01 x 51

— 8,052 11 2

To Nicholas Linwood, EsqT; for Provisions sent to Minorca, for the Use

of the Gar" there, by way of Imprest, and on Acc* 3,500 — - —

To D®, for Provisions sent to D® for the Use »f D® Garrison, by way of Imprest, and upon Account - - - - 3*300 — —

Feb. 20. To A nth. Bacon, EsqT; for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops

in the ljle of Man., and for incidental Charges between 3 1767

and 22 January 1768 ----- 660 14 5

May 26. To D®, for D® delivered to D® Troops in D®, and for incidental Charges, between 23 January 1768 and 7 April following - - - - 199 8 8

1759.

July 31. To 183d* Pay of 7 'ho? Cuthbert, Esq; as a Supernumerary Captain in the 19 Reg. of Foot, from 25 1767 to 24 June 1768, both in-

91- 10 —

91 10 —

91 10 — -

274 10 —

>37 -r

141 16 6

109 — — ,

160 6

940-----

547 >0 —

Quarter Mast' Gen*, from D® to D®, at 5 a Day* .

each - - - . - - 182 10 —

Feb. 9. To 183d* Allowance to C6i. De/maretz, as Comry. at , Dunkirk, at £ 3 a Day for himself, and ioj. a'

Day for his Secry. from 24 June 1767 to 24 Deer

following - - - - 640 10

elusive, at ioj. a Day -

1760.

Aug. 10. To 183d* D" of Sam1 Esq; as a D® in the 14th Reg* ef Foot, from D® to D®, at D® Rate -

1766.

Feb. 18. To 183d* D" of George Munro, Esq; as Comry. of Stores in Scotland, from D® to D" at D® Rate

Apr. lid. To 183d* Allowance to Hugh PaUifer, as Gov* of the Island of Newfoundland, and the Territories depend* thereon, in Anf*, from D® to D® at £. 1 10. per diem -

To 183d* to Major Rooke, as Major to the late 98*" Reg* of Foot, from D® to D® at 15 r. a Day To 183d* D® to Major , in lieu of a Troop

of Light Dragoons, from D® to D® at 15/. 6d. per Diem ——

1767.

Dec. 23. - To io9d* Pay of the' late Col. Edward Whitmore, as

Gov’ of Loui/bourg, from 25 Aug 1761 to 11 Dec. following, both inclusive, at a Day To 183d* Pay of Major Barry S* , for superin-tend* the Recruiting Service of the Reg* of Infantry serving Abroad, and in Great ,from 4

June 1767 inclusive, to Dec? following, exclusive -

To L* Col. Faucitt, for collecting together, and de-pofiting all the Vouchers, on which the Comrys. in Germany granted Certificates for Money during the late War in Germany - -

1768.

Jan. 29. To 363d' Pay Of Robert Adair, Esq; as Inspector Gen1 of the Hospitals, from 25 Dec. 1766 to 24 Dec. 1767, both inclufiy,e at £. 1. 10. a Day To 363d* D* of L* Col. Morrison's 1 Assistants, as

1767.

Dec. 10.

1768. Jan. 15.

A. 17 69.

c < *

39<9H 4

6,800

860 3 1.

To

9 Geo

Dates of Warrants*

1768. FeR n.

*3-

*6.

Mar. 10.

Ap. 21. aS*

Miy 11.

1767. Dec. 23.

1768. yaw, 29.

20.

s6.'

*4*

/e£. 26.

1767.

iyw. 27.

jD/c. 23.

1768. Feb. 13.

III. 6*

To 852 Days Pay of Capt. Mac , as Captain of the Guides in N° Britain, from 20 1753 to 19 April 1756, at for. a Day, and for His Majesty’s Roy1 Bounty -To 337<l* PayofEnsign Thomai Meadows, for Service at Michillimackanac, in N° from 3 Sepr

1766 to 5 Aug. 1767, both inclusive, at 31. 8d. a Day -

To John Powell, and George Cooke, Esq"* for the Pay of Chef Draper, Esq; as a Supernumerary Captain in the 75 Reg. of Foot or Invalids, from 23 Def 1766 to 24 Dec"-1767 -

To Jet Meyrick, Esq; for 183" Pay of Eight Surgeons Mates belonging to the 66 Reg1 of Foot at maica, from 25 June 1767 to 24 DecT following, both inclusive -

To 815J* Pay of Capt. Parker Steele, as Town Major at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, from 1 July 1765 to

23 Septenf following, both inclusive, at 4J. a

Day -

To 365"* Pay of Kennedy Farrell, as Barr* Matter of Detroit and Michillimackanac, from 25 Dec. 176410

24 Dec. 1765, both inclusive -

To -365^ additional Pay of M. G. Harvey, as Adj* Gen. from 25 Dec. 1766 to 24 . following,

both inclusive, at £. 1 per Diem - -

To Robert Cat heart. Executor of the late Jn° cart, for 548*" Pay of the said Jtf Cat heart, as Direct' of the Military Hospitals in Great Britain, from 25 Dec. 1762 to 24 June 1764, both inclusive -

5u 1 -

<1 15 8

176 5. 6

242 13 10

163-----

73 4 — 365-----

685-----

To Humphrey Bland Gardener, Esqi for Necessaries furnished to the Forces in N° Britain, and for the Charges of Encampment, and Money issued to the Forces there. Anno 1767 - -

To the Marquis of Lome, in full Satisfaction for the like Sum expended by him on divers Occasions in N° Britain, as Commander in Chief there - - - - .- -

To a Bill drawn by John Campbell, Esq* Cashier to the Roy1 Bank of Scotland, for furnishing Specie for the Troops there, from 25 Dec. 1766 to 25 Dec. 1767 - -

To Geo. Rojs, and Jn° Inglis, Esq"j for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Troops quartered in the Gar" of Fort William, in

Qajile Duart, and Fort Augustus, and the Ban* of Bemera, Inver maid, Corgarff, and Bramar, and the Gar1 of Fort George, from 25 Deer 1766 to 31 Decf 1767, both inclusive - - - - 3,164 14 7

To L* Col. Robert Skeene, Inspect' of the Roads in N° B" for Roads and Bridges to be made and

built there. Anno 1768 - - - 6,867 4 —

________________________________________

To Henry Wauchope, Esq; to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Plymouth -

300 — — 5*5 11 8

To Sir Rolf Rich, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in the Summer 1767, sundry Horses of his Reg* of Dragoons - - - - ?45 3 —

To Lord Rolf Manners, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in D% sundry Horses of his Reg* of Dr* Guards - - - 160 26

To the Earl of Albemarle, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in D°, sundry Horses of his Reg* of Dragoons - - - - 227 4 4I

To L* Gen* Cholmondeley, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in D% sundry Horses of his Reg. of Dragoon* _- _- - 161 19 —

Vot.32.

279

£. s. d.

5,685 14 — 1,800 12 4

>*j7 to 3 500 — —

694 8 to| To

286 6° Martii.

Dates of,

Warrant*.

To John Poumies, Esq; for the deficient Off-reckonings of the 31 Reg*

of Foot, from 6 July 1764 to 5 1765 - - 32 16 8

To Eliz. Nbel, Executrix to the late L* Gen. Noel, for the Off-recks. of an Augmentation to 43 Keg* of Foot, from 25 March 1764 to 24 Deer following -. - - - - 124 19 —

13. To Gto. Ro/s, Esq; for Camp Necefiaries for the Royal Lancashire Reg* of Militia, in the Year 1762 -

Mar. 30. To Cap. Rob* Grejley of the late 86th Reg* of Foot, for the Losses he sustained by the blowing up of the Magazine at Goree, 14th 0£lr

1761 ----- 103 8 —

To M. G. Carey, to be by him paid over to the Officers of the 43 Reg. of Foot, for Losses sustained

by them in the blow* up of Fort , in the

Island of Jamaica, Anno 1763 - 336 n — -

May 13. To L* John Dutton, late of the 86 Reg* of Foot, in Compensation for the Losses he sustained by the blowing up of the Magazine at 14 OET

1762 - 94 17 —

Feb. 22i To RoV Adair, Esqj as Inspector Genl. of Regimental Infirmaries, for the Pay of divers Extra* Surgeons and Surgeons Mates in the ceded

Islands, &c. for other incidental Charges - - 1,600----

26. To D°, as D°, for D® in D* Islands - 3*777 5 8

Mar. 3. To D", as D®, for the Expences of the Hospitals in the IJleof Wight, and of the Hospitals abroad,

between 24 Aug. 1764 and 24 1767 - - 1,202 10 8£

1767.

OSt. 23*

1768. Feb. 26.

1767. on. 30.

Dec. 23*.

24.

1768, Jan. 12.

*3*

Feb. 9.

*3*

22.

25-

26. Mar. 10.

30.

t

1

To Sam1 Doggett, for Salvage of a Sloop, the Liverpool, pressed into the Service of Great Britain, and taken by the French in the Harbour of

S* John's, Newfoundland, Anno 1762 -

To Maj. Barry A* Leger, Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, for Monies expended by him for Clerks, Postage of Letters, and Stationary Wares, &c. to Ded 1767 - -

To L* Col. Robinson, for the Balance of his Account, for Stores, Prov* and Necefiaries, for the Troops employed in North America, between 13 April 1757 and 2 May 1 765 '

To the Representatives of L* Gov. Higgenfon, deceased, to discharge Monies advanced by him, for Services at the Island of St.

To Peter Paumier, Esq; for the Balance of his Acc* for the Sale of Bread Waggons, Hospital Trains, add Stores in Germany, in the Year

*763 - -.....-.

To Col. Defmaretz, as Comry. at Dunkirk, for Jiis contingent Disburse-

ments, from 25 Ded 1766 to 25 Ded 1767 - - - «

To Nath1 Clements, Esq;. for Monies advanced by him; to make good a Deficiency in the Recruiting Funds of the 27th, 28, 42", and 46th Regim* of Foot on their landing in Ireland, being transferred from the British to the Irish Establishment -

To L* Col. Faucitt, being for so much expended by him for the Service of the Army, from 19 Aug. 1766 to 19 -

To Capt. ScipioRey, for the Hire of Two Houses, at the Island of 5* Vincents, for Barracks for Part of the 32* Reg* of Foot To Mrs. Otway^Widow of the late Capt. Otway, fervid* a Company of the 49 Reg* of Foot, from Janry. 17.63 to 20 Feb. 1764, which he commanded on the Musquito Shore -

To Rob. Browne, Esq; for the Passage of Recruits of L* Col. O’Hara’s Corps from G Britain to Africa - -

To William Courtnay, Esq; Comry. of Stores at Minorca, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of Expences incurred by him in receiving and issuing the Provisions sent to the Troops there,' between 24 Febry. and 24 Deer 1767 ——

To Capt. Rob( Hodgson Superintendant of the Affairs on the Musquito Shore, on Account of the Service these To L* Gen1 Warburton, to replace 30 Men drafted from the 27 Reg* of Foot into the Royal American Regiment -To M. G. Harvey, for his cont* Disbursements as Adjutant General, from 25 Deer 1766 to 24 DecT *767- '- - - - - '

J. 1769.

l *

1 $7 lS 66 4

554 16 ~

6,579 16 4!

r

4* 9 *4* 4 7 L33* *

733 10 ~

6S4 13 — 45 3 6

4*344' 5 — 154 9 — *77 *5 7

334 ,a -42 3 10 —

*54 *4 *

154 9 — 370 17 to To

9 Geo. III. 6" Martii.

Dates of Warrants*

1768.

Apr. 21. To Elite.Noel, Executrix of the late L* Gen1 Noel, for Clothing provided for supernumerary Recruits belonging to the 43d Reg* of Foot, -in the Year 1763 -

25. To Wm Rice, Surveyor of the Guards, to be by him paid over to several Artificers for Work done at the Scotland Yard,

House-, <5* James's, Whitehall, K Hampton Court, &c. -ToL‘ Col. Morrison, for his contingent Disbursements as Q'Matter Gen1 from 25 Septr 1760 to 25 Sept. 1767 -

June z. To John Ellis, Esq; Agent for the Province of West Florida, for the

Purchase and maintaining of a Sloop for the Service of the said Provice, for the Year 1767 -

Mar. 30. To 91*" Difference of Pay of the 1 Batt" of the Marquis of Lome's Reg1 of Foot ordered from Ireland to Gibr, from 26 th March 1768 to 24 June following, both inclusive -

To 9id’ D" of D° of M. G. Colville's D°, ordered from D° to D®, for D° Time -

‘ To i6id* D° of D° of Comp* of M. G. Brown's D°, ordered from D° to the Isle of Man, from 16 Jattry 1768 to 24 June following, both inclusive - -

Towards which may be applied; viz.

91* Saving of the Pay of M. G. Toovey' Reg*, ordered from Gibraltar to Ireland, from 26 March 1768 to 24 June following, both Days inclusive -

9id* D° of D° of M. G. Irwin's D°, ordered from Minorca to D°, from D° to D°

86d* D° of D° of M. G. Parftow's D°, ordered from GibTto D% from 31 March 1768 to D# -6id* D° of the reduced Numbers of L. G. Webb's Reg* of Foot, from 25 April 1768 to 24 June following, both inclusive -

The Proportion of the Sum voted for vidt® the Forces at Gibraltar, North America, East and West,

ceded I (lands, and Africa -In the Hands of the Right honble. Lord North, and George Cooke, Esq'j deceased, for Provisions delivered to the Regiments serving in America and Minorca, between 24 June 1766 and 24 Deer

1767 -....

In the Hands of George Cooke, Esqr; deceased, and the Right honble. Tho' Townshend, for Provisions delivered to the Reg" serving in N° America and ' Minorca, between 25 Def 1767 and 24 June

1768 - -- -- - 10,202 9 9

207 18 5*

207 18 si

196 9

102 3 6

CQ kn O *7 4

9,956 10 7

281

£> s. d.

331 18 2£

2,148 9 1

336 19 a *

3,5-----

207 18 s$ 207 iS 5!

163 9 ir

122,138 6 1

47»724 8 ii

Remains to be provided for-

£ 74.413 17 JII

War Office, 6th March 1769.

Barrington.

Vol. 32,

4C

An

28a

6* Martii.

A. 1769

Aw ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid Anno 1768 by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and not provided for by Parliament.

Date* of Warrant*.

1768. June 24.

Aug. 1.

Or. 21.

Deer 6.

1768. June 24.

Aug x.

OtY

Aug. 22. ORr 31.

1768. July 30.

OR. 31.

May 26.

June 226.

1768. June 22.

Aug. 6. Sept. 9.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Majr Gen1 Gage, for the Public Services in North America -

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Governor Melville for the Public Services at Grenada, the Grenadines, iA 3,000 — —

To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, for D° at D° - 500-----

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by D°, for D° at D®- - 3,940 — —

To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D", for D® at D® - 460 — —

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Gov' , for

Public Services in the Province of Quebec To D°, drawn by D®, for D® at D® -To D°, drawn by D°, for D° at D® -

3>5°° 5° o 4,400

To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by L. G. , Govr of Gibraltar,

for Services there -

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by L' Gov' Roger Hope Ellitfon, for the Service of the Musquito Shore -

To the Representatives of Sir Samuel , Bart,

and John Drummond, Esq; to be by them applied and invested in purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins for the Use and Services of the Forces in North America -

To D®, for the Use and Services of D° in D®

25.000 — —

30.000 — - —

OR. 14.

To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esq"; for vid8 the Forces in the Province of Pen/ylvania, between 25 Dec. 1767 and 24 Febry 1768 - *,663 15 9

To D®, for victualling the forces at Montreal and Quebec, between 24 Dec. 1767 and 25 Febry 1768,tsV. - ----- 2,056 4 8

To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esquires, for vid8 the Forces within the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, S° Carolina, and Georgia, between 25 Janry 1768 and 24 March following, and for Prov* delivered at Albany, to be sent to the Posts and Garn* West-ward - 1,261 10 2

To D®, for vid8 the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, between 24 Feb. 17682nd 25 April following - - 1,724 10 9

To D®, for vid8 the Forces at D°, between 24 April

1768 and 15 June following - - - - 2,600 10 6

To D", for vid8 the Forces in the Upper Country,

between 12 March 1768 and 11 J following - 4,721 — 10 To D®, for vid8 the Forces at Penj, between 25th February 1768 and 24 May following - - 1,962 5 4

To D°, for vid8 the Forces at Fort Chambly, between

10th May 1768 and xi June following - - - 978 5 9

To D®, for vid8 the Forces at Crown , between

14 May 1768 and 11 June following - - - 916 13 4

To D°, for vid8 the Forces within the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Albany, and for Provisions delivered at New York, (which were shipped for the Use of the Troops at Nezv Providence, and Bermuda, between ^25 March and 24 June 1768 - - - - 3,295 18 4

To D®, for vid8 the Forces in the Town of the Three

Rivers, since 24 June 1768 ----- 1,767 10 9

JT. s. d.

1,043 11 3

7,900----

S,4co — — 941 16 94

766 4 — |

55,000---- s

T#

9 Geo. III. 6°

Dates of Warrants.

1768. 05. 31.

31*.

Dec. 15.

1761. May 17.

June. 22-

3°* 4*g. 6-Sept. 24.

oar 14.

Nov.

1768. June 22.

Nov.0 7.

Nov. 28.

1768. June 2.

22. 05. 14.

1768. July 18.

&7>/. 24. Decern. 15.

To D°, for vi<fl* the Forces within the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, South and

Georgia, between 25 June 1768 and 24 following -

To Arnold Nejbr.’t, Moses Frank* and Adam Drummond,

for vi£tg the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, between 24 jutie 1768 and 25 August following To D°, for vi<5lg the Forces in the Province of Pensylvania, between 25 May if 768 and 24 Aug1 following -

M32 5 3 1,867 6 2

2,150 7 3

To Chauncey Townsend, Esq; for Vid8 Part of the Forces in Neva Scotia, between 21 Deer 1767 and 14 Feb. 176S, both inclusive - - 820 16 7

To D°, for victg D° in D% between 15 February

1768 and 13 March foil, both inclusive - - 429 xo 6

To D°, for vi<ftg D° in D4, between 14. March 1768

and ip April following, both inclusive - - 390 — 10

To D°, for vict* D° in D°, between 11 April 1768

and 8 May following, both inclusive - - - 67212.6

To DY for vi6tg D4 in D°, between 9 May 1768

and 5th June following, both inclusive - - 608 19 17

To D4, for vi6tg D° in D4, between 6 June 1768 and 31st July following, both inclusive, and for Provi-

fions ifl'ued to the Forces at Chigneflo, between 9

May 1 768 and 3d July following - 1,239 18 1

To D4, for vi<5lg Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 1 Aug* 1768 i'.nd 14 following ..... " 945 5 9

To the Representatives of Matthew Woodford, Esq;

for vi<St* the Forces in Nova Scotiabetween 25 05. 17672nd 17 Jartry 1768 - 883 7 10

To the D4, for vi6lg D4, between 18 January 1768

and 8th May following - - - 1,1,63 19 2

To Rich1 Vernon Sadlier, Elqr» for Provisions ifl'ued to the Forces at Halifax, between July 1768 and 14 September following

To Edward Codrington, Esqr; for Provisions ifl'ued to the Forces in West Florida, between 5th Aug. and 24 Dec. 1767 -

To D\ for Provisions ifl'ued to D°. in D4, between 25th Deer 1767, and 24th Febry 1768 To D4, for Provisions ifl'ued to D° in D% between 24th FV^ry 1768 and 24 April following

2,418 14 11 1,674 4 1

1,947 i.8 6

To Me IT" Cuming and Mason, for vi£tg the Gar" of St. be-

tween *1 Dec. 1767 and 13 March 1768, and for Provisions to the Out Polls of the said Gar", between 25 Dec. 1767 and 2 April 1768 - - - - 1,184 3 5

To D°, for vi£tg the Forces in East Florida, to the

24th June 176S ---- 997 2 4

To D°, for vids the Forces in D4, to 28 August

1768 „ ---- 1,065 17 6

1768. Aug. 19.

Sept. 9.

05. 14.

31*.

To Aulh. Bacon, Esqr; for victg the Forces at Dominica, between 1 October 176721^31 March 1768, both inclusive - - 952 14 10

To D°, for vidtg the Forces at Tobago, between 1 Janv 1768 and 31 March following, both inclusive - - 316194

To D°, for vitt6 the Forces in the Island of St.

between 1 05. 1767 and 31 Dec. following, both inclusive ----- *53 2 5

To D°, for vi£tg the Forces in the Island of Tobago, between 24 Dec, 1764 and 31 December 1767 - -- -- - 1,191 18 2

Vox.. 32.

283

d.

27,498 4 10

5,107 4 2

2>c47 7 — 697 16 3

6,040 17 6

3*247 3 3

3>3H 14

9

To

6° Martii,

284

Dates of Warrants

051. 31.

1768. May 17.

June July 18. Aug. 20. 051. 14.

3i-Dec. 6.

1768.

Aug,

Dec. 6. Aug.

Dec. 6.

1768.

Aug. 6.

6

19.

051. 21.

NOV.

Dec. 20.

*759-

July 31.

1760.

20.

1766.

l8.

April 22.

To Stf/w1 Smith, Esq; for vid* the Forces in the Province of Sene-gambia, between 13 05lr 1767 and the 30th of April 1768, both inclusive ----- - 2,004 13 1

To D°, for vid* the Forces in D®, between I May

1768 and 20 July following - - - 1,085 1 3

To Zachary Philip Fonnereau, Esq; and Sir Meyrick Burrell, Bart, for vid* the Forces at Gibraltar, between 1 and 28 1768, both inclusive -

To D®, for vid* the Forces at D®, between *9 Febry 1768 and 27 March following, both inclusive To D®, for vid* the Forces at D°, between 28 March 1768 and 22 May following, both inclusive ToD®, for vid* the Forces at D°, between 23 May 1768 and 19 June following, both inclusive -To D®, for vid* the Forces at D°, between 20 June 1768 and 17 July following, both inclusive - -To D°, for vid* the Forces at D®, between 18 July 1768 and 14th Aug following, both inclusive'

To D®, for vid* the Forces at D®, between 15 August 1768 and 11 Sepr following, both inclusive -

To D®, for Insurance on Provisions sent to D®, between 14 Sepr 1767 and 11 Sepr 1768, both inclusive -

2,009 2 1

2,015 IO 8

4,624 — 7

2,231 *7 11

2,216 16 9

2,247 11 5

2,191 8 7

416 8 10

To the Representatives of the late Sir Sam1 , Bart. Adam Drum-

mond, and Mofcs Franks, Esq"; for vid* the Forces in the Pensylvania Department, to 15 DecT 1764 -

To Nich‘ Linwood, Esq; upon Acc‘ for Provisions sent to Minorca, for the Use of the Forces there ——

To A nth. Bacon, Esq'; for Provisions and Forage for the Troops in the Isle of Man, and incidental Charges, between 8 Apr 1768 and July following - - - - 204 1 3

To Anth. Bacon, Esq'; for Provisions and Forage

for the Troops in the Isle of Man, and for incidental Charges, between 5 July 1768 and 4 051; following ----- 194 2 1

To MefT* Bacon and Chauvet, for supplying and vid* Negroes employed by them for the Public Service at S* Vincents, between 30 1767

and 31 Dec. following -To Anth. Bacon, for D®, at Dominica, between ill April 1767 and 1 Sept, following -To MelT. Bacon and Chauvet, for D* at D" between ift 051. 1767 and ill April 1768 -

To D®, for D®, at Tobago and Grenada, between 1 Janry 1768 and 30 June following -To D®, for D®, at Sl Vincent'% and Dominica, between ill Janry 1768 and 30 June following

To Anth. Bacon, Esq'; for D®, at Dom, between

25th April 1767 and ill SeptTfollowing

To D®, being the Balance of his Account of Negroes employed in the new ceded Islands -

674 4 6

276 13 5

640 10 7

CO OO V/\ 10 9

1,632 3 8

"3 12 8

1,083 10 4

To 183d* Pay of Tho' Cuthbert, Esq'; as a supernumerary Capt. in the 19 Reg. of Foot, from 25 June 1768 to 24 DecT following, both inclusive,; at ion a Day - -- - 91 10 —

To 183d* Pay of Sam1 Lejlie as a D® in the 14th Reg*

of Foot, from D® to D®, at D® Rate - - 9110 —

To 183d* Pay of George Munro, as Comry. of Stores in Scotland, from D® to D®, at D® Rate -To Hugh Palliser, Esq'; for 183d* Allowance, as Govr of the Island of Newfoundland, and the Territories dependant thereon in America, from D® to D®, at £ i. 10. a Day - -

91 10 —

274 10 —

A. 1769.

C- ' i

3,089 14 4

17,952 16 IO

12,838 3 IO

3>5°°-----

39s 3 4

5,306 5 11

To

9 Geo. III.

6° Mar til

Dates gf Warrants.

1768.

1768.

Jan. 29.

Apr. 21.

*7-

JWty 13.

30.

l.

*3*

*9-

*9-

A?* *7»

Seps

Oft. 31.

16,

1768. Apr. 21.

17.

Nov. 16.

20.

To 183^ Allowance to Major Rooke, as Major to the late 98 Reg* of Foot, from 25 June 1768 to 24 Dec. following, both iuclusive, at 15 a Day To 183d* D® to Major Blaguire, in lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons, from D° to D°, at 15 f. 6d. a Day

To 36 cd* Pay of Col. Bradftre, as Depr Qr Mall* Gen* in North America, from 25 1765 to 24 Dec. following, bpth inclusive.

To Mess. Drummond and Cox, for the Pay of Six addit1

Surgeons Mates of the 36 Reg* of Foot, between 24 Feb. 1767 and 04 Obi. following To Tho1 Walker, for his Pay as Barrack Matter of Fort Cumberland and Annapolis Royal, from 9th April 1766 to DeS following -To 36 cd* Pay of 'Jonathan M, as Surgeon of the Hospitals in North America, from 25 Dec. 1766 to 24. Dec. 1767, both inclusive -

To L* Moncrieff, for his Pay and add' Pay for conducting Drafts to the East Indies in the Year 1762 To 36 541 Pay of Alex' McKenzie, as Bart* Matter at Crown Point and Ticonderoga, from 25 Dec. 1764 to 24 Def 1765, both inclusive To JetMeyrick, Esq; for the Pay of as-

Surgeon's Mate to the Two Troops of Col. Hales’ Drag*, lately in the JJle of , from 25 June 1765 to 24 April 1766, both inclusive.

To 365'* Pay of L* Col. Jrf Campbell, as Commandant in the Island of Jersey, from 25 Dec. 1766 to 24 Dec.

1767, at £. 1 a Day -

To aoz4* D® of Major S* Leger, as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from Dec. 1767 to 24 June 1768, at 17 s.6d. a Day.

To 183 Days Allowance of Col. Dejmaretz, as Comrr at Dunkirk, at £. 3 a Day for himself, and ror. a Day for his Se.crr, from 25 Dec. *767 to 24 June

1768, both inclusive -

To Major Gen1' Clavering, Cary, and Carpenter, for their Trouble and Expence in reviewing His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1768 To 3 3 t4* Pay of Col. Bradstreet, as Dep7 Q* Matt* Gen1 in N° America, from 25 Dec. 1766 to 26 Not/ 1767, both inclusive, at ioj. a Day - -

To Jab Meyrick, Esq; for 183d* Pay of 8 extra*r Surgeons Mates, belonging to the 66 Reg. of Foot, doing Duty in the Island of Jamaica, from 25 Def 1767 to 24 June 1768, both inclusive To John Reily, Executor to John for his

Pay for attending the Sick at Galam in Africa, as Surgeon, from 11 July 1760, to 9 Dec' 1761, at the Rate of £. 100 per Annum - - .

To 429* Pay of Maj* Rob? Milward, as Commandant at Louifbourg, from 22d April 1766 to 24 June 1767 To J<t Porteous, Esqr; for his Pay as Ban* Matter at

Fort William Augustus and Ofwegatchie, from 24 June 1765 to 24 June 1768, both inclusive -

*37 5 —

141 16 6

182 ro —

xoo 17 a

52 — -J&2 10 —

2.00 (9 *"

73-----

52 14 to*

365----

176 15 —

640 *0 —

*737 *°

168 10 —

442 13

141 it 10 160 17 6

219 a —

Yot. 32.

To the Duke o{ Argyll, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in the Summer 1767, iundry Horses belonging to his Reg*

of Dragoons

To Sir John Mor daunt, for D* in D®, sundry D* of his Reg* of D° ....

To the Earl of Pembroke, for D° in D® 1768, sundry D" of his Reg* of D® -To John Richardfoti, Esq; late Agent to the Reg*

of Drag*, for D® in D° 1766, sundry D® of the said Reg* -

To L. G. Howard, for D* in D® 1767 and 1768, fun-

dry D® of his Reg* of Dragoons To Col. Burgoyne, for D® in D® 1768, sundry D® for his Reg* of D° - - - .

317 17 6

57 *5 —

167 4 —

21

4P

7 *

*47 — —

4»* 5-

285

L. *

4,525 toa*

T«

286

D- tes of Warrants.

1768.

1768. April 21.

July 29. Nov. 24.

1768. Aug 17.

Dec" 16.

1768. Afey 30.

1.

3d-

24.

3°.

18.

19.

29. Aug. 1.

12.

i -; t

*7-

19.

3*-

5-

a'

6° Martii.

To Earl of Albemarle, for D* in D", sundry D*. for

his Reg* of D° - -

To L. G. Cholmondeley, for D° in D®, sundry D®, for

his Reg* of D° -

To the R* honble L. G. Conwafor D® in D®, sundry D°, for his Reg* of D®

£ s.

205 12 4

350 8 6

338 12 6

To Col. Frazer, for Camp Necessaries, for 1 Compr of the late 78 Reg* of Foot, on their being ordered to North America, Anno 1758 -To D®, for Bas, Baggage, and Forage, for D’.Comp1*, ordered to D®

To M ij. Gen1 Owen, 'in lieu of 9d* Offreck5, for the Augmentation to 59 Reg* of Foot -

To And" Clinton, Esq; to enable him to provide Coals and Candles, for the Forces that are or may be quartered in the Barracks at Plymouth -

To Lord John Murray, to replace sundry Accoutrements belonging to 42’' Reg* of Foot, which were loft in Action, or taken by the Enemy in the Course of the late War - -

To Rob' Adair, Esq*; Inspector Gen1 of Regim1 Infirmaries, to enable him to satisfy Bills, drawn by divers extra1* Surgeons and Surgeons Mates in the ceded Islands, &c. 700 — —

To D" as D®, to-enable him to satisfy Bills drawn by

D® in D® - 1,000-----

To L. G. Elliot, for extra1* Feeding for the Horses, and for an Allowance to the N on-Commission Officers and private Men of his Reg* of Drag’, during the Time they were employed on His Majesty’s Duty, Anno 1767 To L* Col. Maxwell, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum, expended by him in His Majesty’s Service, in Germany, during the late War To- Maj* S' Leger, for his conting* Disbursement-as Superintendant of the

Recruiting Service to Z4 June 1768 - -

To Nich Pearje, for Freight, Insurance, Packing, and Carriage of Invalid Clothing -

To Benf Stilling fleet', Surveyor of the Barracks in th &c. for the

like Sum, expended by him for the Use of the said Barr1*’, from mas 1765 t Christmas 1766 ' -To Col. Ja' Grant, for the Purchase and keeping up of a Schooner, for the Province ef East Florida for 1 Year, to 29 Aug 1768 To John hlackburne, Merch*, for victualling and maintaining Four Vessels employed on the Lakes Champlain, Ontario, Erie, and Huron, in N° America, between 7 Obi. 1767 and 10 May 1768 -To lVmCourtney, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of Expences incurred by him, in receiving, preserving, and issuing the Provisions sent to Minorca, for the Use of His Majesty’s Troops and Gar® there, from 25 DeS 1765 to 24 Febry 1767 - -

To Lieut. S. Rich*Wtljon, in Compensation for the Losses he sustained by

being overset in a Vessel on his Return to his Post in the Island of Guadaloupe, Anno 1763 -

ToCounsellor Van IXedelJladt ,in lull Retribution of 194 Pistoles overpd by him to Col. Faucitt, on the Settlement of an Acc* of Monies arising by the Sale of Brjiish, Magazines at Lipjladt, after the late War in

Gerpiany - -

To Peter Ibellufon, Gent, for the Rent, of Houses for lodging Three Comp1*’ of the-7dth Reg* of Foot in the Island. of Grenada, from 13 ' Aug. 1764 to-fj-Dw*following - -

To Nath' Clements, Esq; for Monies advanced by him; to make good a Deficiency in the Recruiting.Funds of 27, 28r 42 & 46 Reg*’ of Foot, on their landing in Ireland, from'shorth America - , .

To Mr. John Trotter-,. for providing Hospital Bedding, CrV.- for the Use of the Forces at Grenada and Dominica To Benjamin Stain/buty, for the Balance due-on acc* of the late Col. Heron, as Command* Officer at Georgia in jimer*, from 25 June 1747 to 29 May 1749 > - - - - n

To George Gamier, Esq; Apothecary Gen1 of the Army, for Medicines, l£c. provided by him for the Forces in North America, the Africa, iAc. Anno 1767 & 1763 To Col. Faucitt, Seer1* to the Marquis of Granby, for his cont' Expences for the Service of -the Army, from 19 Aug 1767 to 19 August 1768 -

To John Malcom, for his Wages, and for sundry Suras disbursed by him as Master of a Sloop, for the Space of Two Months-and Twenty Days, during the Siege of Quebec, Anno. 1760 -

A. 1769

£>. d.

2,094 2 4

56 8 —

58 5 6

9 *3 500---

303 19 6

1,700----

300----

66 5 9

99 3 2 249 8 —

1,031 19 6

j!5----

1,766 ii 6

316 18 5

162 ia —

167 9 *

180----

44* 11 —

266 3 5

172 7 9

1,458 2 a

*54 9 —

39 18 6 To

N|M

9 Geo. III.

6® Mar

287

Dates of \Y arrants.

1768.

8.

21.

Oi7.

1.

31*

Novr 1

a 2d. Dw. 23.

To Wm Adair, Esqj late Agent to the 9 Reg* of Foot for Freight and Insurance, lAc. on 1,285 f Dollars, sent to for the Subs*

of One Company of the said Regiment -' To MelT. Cox and Drummond, for defraying the Charge of the Passage of Recruits of Lord Fred1 Cavendish's Reg* of Foot from Great Britain to

North America -

To L* Col. Christie, in Reimbursement of Law Charges* and other Expences incurred in defending Actions brought against him in 1764, for imprel* Artificers at Quebec, when Dep7 Q* Mai* Gen' there To L* Col. Mor r if on, for his cont* Disbursements as Quarter Matter Gen* from 25 Deer 1767 to' 24 Dec. following, both inclusive To John Campbell, Esq; for Wages, Provisions, and Expences, of a Scout Boat in South Carolina, for 1 Year, to 27 May 1768 -'

To Wm Austin, for transporting a Detachment of the 76 Reg* from Fort

Lewes at Senegal, to James Fort in the River.

To Mr. John Barnes, for the Hire of a Sloop employed by Gov* Worge at Senegal, from 3 DecT 1759 to 3 Janry. 1761 -

To Mrs. Otivay, Widow of Cap. Oticay, in lieu of an Allowance usually

made from the Island of Jamaica to the Cap. of Comp7 on Duty at the A ioiqnitoShore -

To John Ellis, Esq; for the Purchase and keeping up of a Schooner, for the Service of the Province of West Florida, from t Janry 176"S to 24 December following ——

To Charles O'Hara, Esq; for Duties and Presents to the Princes and others on the Banks of the River Senegal, and for contingent Expences of the Government and Gar" there, between 1 Aug. and ,31 Dec. 176/

To Maj. Gen1 James Murray, for. contingent Expences of the Governm* ot Quebec -

To 183d* Difference of Pay of the 1 Batt. of the Marq’ of Lome's Reg* of Foot, ordered from Ireland to Gibraltar, from 25 June 1768 to 24 Dec 1" following, both inclufivfe -

Tk> 183d* D° of M. G. Colville's D#, ordered from D° to D°, for D° Time To 183d* D° of Comp* of M. G. D°, ordered from D° to

the ljle of Man, for D® Time - -

To 122d* Augmentation to Col. Hotham's Reg* of Foot, from 25 Aug1 1768 to D® -

Towards which may be applied;

183* Saving of the Pay of M. G. Toovey's Reg* of Foot, ordered from Gibrto Ireland, from 25 June 1768 to 2 DecT following, both inclusive -- 183d' D° of the D° of M. G. Irwin's D®, ordered from Minorca to D®, from D° to D®

183d’ D® of the D® of M. G. Parfow's D®, ordered from Gib" to D®, from D® to D°

183d* D° of the reduced Numbers of L.

D°, from D® to D®

92d* D® of D® of late Lord Lindore's Invalids, from.

24 SeptT 1768 to D® -

And also the Proportion of the Sum voted for victual*

the Forces at Gibr, North America, arid West

Florida, ceded Islands, and Africa -

418 2 7*

418 2 7 i

418 2 7i

306 IO 6

420 l8 —

26,850 *7 $

Remains to be provided for

£ s. d.

«9 16 —

280 to —

1,681 14 3*

184 14 9

348 16 5

93 4 1

260 — —

112 lS 2 1

3 lS — —

1,522 12 4

3 >404 9 %

418 2 7t

418 2 7*

185 16 9

204 7

192,975 18 — 4

28,832 13 9I

164,143 4 2*

War Office,

6 th March 1769.

Barrington.

Vol. 32*

Ordered,

288

6° Martii. 1769.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Thompson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, in the Township of Lelley, in the Parish of in in the East

Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee hod gone through the Bill $ and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing that Part or Share of Belper Ward, Which belongeth Xo Highedge, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for dividing and inclosing that Part or Share of Belper Ward, which belongeth to Highedge, in the County of Derby.

Offered, That Lord George do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

D",e7 Moor A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Roads. barley Moor, in the County of , to Ellafion, in

the Chunty of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and in the said Counties of* Derby and Stafford„ was read a Second Time, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Gilbert, Mr. Wroltejley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cheadle, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Cheadle, to Botham House, and from thence to Butter tort 'Moor End, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Wrottesley, See.: and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stoawbury Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom j^l the Bill for repairing and widening the Road From the End of the Turnpike Road in Shaw bury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County, and from, thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford j and from Shawbury aforesaid, to the Turnpike R,oad in High Ercall, in the said County of Salop; and from Shdwlury aforesaid to Wem, in the said County; *ad. from, thence to- the- Turnpike Road in in

the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One 1 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that 4io Toll shall be taken till a certain Sum be subscribed and paid.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; 16

Lelley

Inclosura.

Highedge

-Irtciofure.

which being filled up the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing which Part of the Road shall be Fiift repaired.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, Part of the Estate of Sir Bellingham Graham, Baronet, in the County of York, from the Uses and Trusts limited and declared by the Will of the Honourable Mary Graham, deceased; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, other Part of the Estate of the said Sir Bellingham Graham, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Down Moor, within the Parish of Kirbythore, in the County of Weflmor eland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ro-binfon. Dr. Hay, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. *

A Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Act for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Weflmor eland; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden CqJIU, to Kayber Cross, and alu> the Road from Maiden Cajile, to the Coal Works, at Taylor Rig, and to Tan Hill, and King's Pitts j and also the Road from Bairoiv Brow, to Middle Fell Dyke , in the said Counties, was read a Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ro-binfon, Mr. Cholmottdeley, &c.: And4they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds within the Township of , in the

East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Robinson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Lessees and Occupiers of Quarries and Delves of Slate, Flaggs, and Stone, adjoining or near the River Calder, between Wakefield, and Sower by Bridge, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, ills pursuance of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty for the Extension of the Navigation of the River Calder from Wakefield to Sowerly Bridge aforesaid, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; the Commissioners thereby authorized laid out large Sums of Money in making the said Navigation, and a great Part thereof was made, and very considerable Anvantage arose therefrom; but, before such Navigation was perfected, the Works were, by the Violence of several high Flood*, in a great Measure destroyed, and the Navigation of the

Graham*

Estate,

Kirbythotr

lndofurob

Bowe

&c.

Roa<k

Youlthorpe*

Indoiure*

Calder

Navigation*

9 Geo. III. 6° MartiL 289

said River oblirufted; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for extending and continuing navigable the said River, and for other Purposes therein expressed; and that the Petitioners are Lessees and Occupiers of Quarries and Delves of Slate, Flaggs, and Stone, adjoining to the said River, which, during the Continuance of such Navigation, yielded great Profit, the Petitioners being thereby enabled to convey those Articles to , and many other Places

where they were much wanted, at a moderate Expence, which encouraged the Petitioners to lay out considerable Sums, in making Preparations for getting greater Quantities of those Articles; so that, unless the said Navigation be restored, a total Stop will be put to all Trade and Commerce between the Petitioners and their Correspondents in those Articles: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending and continuing navigable the River Calder, to or near Brtdget in the Parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the River Hebb, or Halifax Brook., from Brooks Mouthy to Salter Hebble , in the County of York; and for repealing an Act made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty for those Purposes j is committed.

e

Oxford A Petition -of the several Mailers and Owners of Coventry Ships and Vessels, employed in the Coasting Trade, r,nd whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, a Bill is depending, for making a navigable Canal from Coventry to Oxford , and that, if such Bill should pass into a Law, it will greatly prejudice the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom, and shortly lessen the Number of Seamen, to the Detriment of the Navy: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and permit the Petitioners to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then, heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Quiet of the An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effec-

Subjects. tual, an Act made in the aift Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill} viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 36. After " thereof" to insert " or the " Rents, Issues, or Profits, of any Honor. Manor, or other Hereditament,

" whereof the Premises in Question " shall be Part or Parcel. "

Pr. 12. 1. 4. After " " to insert " or to

4, " any the Manors, Messuages, Ad-

" vowlbns. Buildings, Lands, Tenements. Hereditaments, and Appurtenances, being the Estate and Pofsessions of the late Hospital of the u Savoy, or of the Masterand Chaplains " of the said Hospital. "

1. 22. To leave out " out of Charge or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Vox,. 32.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretence* of Concealment whatsoever.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. x

The House being informed, that James Bubb, and Southwark John Ouram, Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty’-s Prison Election. of the King’s Bench, were material Witnesses to be examined, touching the Matter of the Petition of Belchier, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Southwark’, which is to be heard this Afternoon before the Committee of Privileges and EJeft ions;

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison do bring the said James Bubband John Ouram, in safe Custody, this Evening, to the said Committee, in order to their being examined as Witnesses, touching the Matter of the said Petition; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

A Petition of several Prisoners, Debtors in His Ma- Insolvent jesty’s Prison The Marshelfea, brought into Prison since Debtors, the 29th Day of September 1768, being offered to be presented to the Housej

The House was moved, that the Order made upon day last, " That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

" to whom the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors is " committed, that they do make Provision in the said " Bill, that no Person shall be entitled to the Benefit of <c the said Bill, who was not a Prisoner for Debt, or a " Fugitive beyond the Seas, on or before the 29th Day " of September last," might be read. t

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ryflip whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing several Woods' inclosure. and Wood-lands, and a certain Close, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Com- . mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of St.

Catherine End, in the Parish of Ryflip, in the County of Middlesex, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Swinbum’* veiling Part of the settled Estates of John Swinburn, Estates. Esquire in the County of Northumbei’land, and Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Trustees, in Trull to sell the same, and to lay out and apply the Money to, arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, in the County of Durham, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exchequer upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Ordered, That- the Report from the Committee of Supply, the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

4 E And

2t)0

6* — 7* Martii. A. 1769

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 7* Martii;

Anno 90 Georgii Iiru Regis, 17^9.

Prayers.

Duke of k N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Miraud<mgl1 ^or confirm, ng Articles of Agreement, and HertoaCoiieg* for effecting an Exchange of Lands, between the Most Exchange, noble George Duke of and the Warden

and Scholars of Merton in ,was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Colonel Gordon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

B? Mr. Wkichcot reported from the Committee, to whom

te* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of the Honourable Noel,

Esquire, deceased, situate in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising therefrom as therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sktre Hills, A Bill to enable the Justices of the Peace, in the Ge-c* neral Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings wherein the Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually held, was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. -. cot, Mr. Buller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Aclome A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, nclosure. Common Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within . the Manor and Township of Aclome, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Kynaston, &.c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Haddinpoun, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Roidi. an Act of the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Dunglass Bridge, to the Town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Raven/haughburn, in the County of , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Static, Mr. Gordon, Se: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Town Fields, 20

Common Balks, Stinted Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Sutton, and Parish of Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Hutton Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and Cranswick other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the hiclosure. Township of Hutton Cranswick, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tham. Lord Doivne, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Blackstone reported from the Committee, to Eariof whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for appointing Jointures for the Wives, and Settlement providing Portions for the younger Children, of the of Right honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, and the Jomlures* Honourable Peregrine Bertie, his Brother; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- cemed had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackstone do carry the Bill to the Lords,' and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Jackson presented to the House, according to St, Botolph. Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an.

Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His pa»i^,0&c. present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of St. Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of and Part of a Street called East Smithfield, in the Pre-r cinft of St. Catharine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Stirenxge, Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, and the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty,-for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road, from Corner

to the Turnpike Road at Arlefey, in the County of Bedford-, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Gordon, Sec. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue, fed render more effectual, an Act,

passed

Hitchin,

&c.

Koada.

Tring,

&c.

Roads.

Rochcller

and

Strood

Streets*

Htocknall

Torkard

Inclosure.

Wolfineham

Inclosure.

Hereford

Roads*

9 Geo. III. 70 Martii.

passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hitchin., in the County of Hertford, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from St. Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Roads fronj Shefford Way Post, to the Turnpike Road at At Iffy, and from the North End of Hcnlow to in

the County of Bedford; was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Gordon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through , Hitchin,

Ba/aock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridge; and from the West End of Welibury

Lam, to the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and Cambridge was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Jennings, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gordon presented to the House, according to Order, a Rill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the High Streets and Lanes, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, within the City of Rochester, and Parish of Strood, in the County of Kent; and for making a Road through Star Lane, across certain Fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hill, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Open, Commonable, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hucknall Torkard, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Plumptre, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open arid Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds within the Manor and Parish of , in

the County Palatine of Durham, was committed. That the Committee, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except John Greenwell, William Greenwell, and Ralph , who are all to-

gether possessed of about Ten Acres and One Rood, and who severally declared they had no Objection to the Bill, but refused to sign; and that the Whole of the Grounds proposed to be indofed by the Bill consists of a,2o Acres, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the City of was referred, That the Committee had examined the

Vol. 32.

Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 3d Year of his late Majesty for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford-, and also an Act, passed in the 22d Year of his said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the aforesaid Act, and for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, leading from the said City of Hereford to Harewoods Inn, and to the Parish of Lea, in the said County; were read;

Mr. Thomas Luntley, Clerk and Treasurer to the

Trustees under live said Acts, being examined, said.

That the Trustees have duly applied the Tolls, and the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, for the Purpose of repairing the said Roads; but that the same cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money due on the Credit of the said Acts be ret aid, unlcts the Term and Powers be further continued and enlarged.

And further said. That the Roads leading from Saint WeonarcTs towards the Town of Monmouth, so far as Lancloudy Hill, and from Pontry las Bridge, leading towards the Town of Abergavenny, so far as Langua; are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Parts, and cannot be effectually amended and widened by^the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford: and for amending the Roads to Lancloudy and Langua

Bridge: And that Mr. Foley, Mr. Alderman Mr. Foley, Junior, Mr. Scudamore, and Mr. Symons, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Accounts, Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at 1

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented (Scotland.) to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Tanner’s Bark exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1761,'to

1768; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Drawbacks on Leather exported in North Britain, from Christmas 1761, to MidJ'ummer 1768; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, imported into Scotland, from Ireland, from the 10th Day of October 1766, to the 10th Day of October 1768; distinguishing each Year1: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, imported into Scotland, from the British Dominions in America, from the ill Day of February 1768, to the 5th Day of December 1768, being as far as the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Rice imported into Scotland, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America 1 together with an Account of what has been exported, from the 30th Day of November 1767, to the 5th Day of December 1768, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Colonies from whence the same was imported: And also,

An Account of the Monies that have arisen, by virtue of an Act made in the 7th Year of George the Third* for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the railing and d resting of Hemp and Flax.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Two First of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading td Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the

Seas

Lord Camden's Estate.

Knufton

Inclosure,

Great Marlow Ek&ion.

Account presented; Leather.

Ramsgate

Harbour.

292 70 Martiu A. 176^9.

Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

Ordered, That the Four last of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A<5V for vetting certain Lands in the Parish of in

the County of Kent, devised by the Will of Thomas Farrington, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to convey the same to Charles Lord Camden; and for settling Lands, to be taken in Exchange; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof, in other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses; was read a Second Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Pratt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Knufton, in the Parish of , in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Hobart, See.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That William Mathew Burt, Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Marlow.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Drawbacks on Foreign Leather exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1761, to Christmas 1768, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Barnet Falck, his Danish Majesty’s Consul residing in Great Britain, on Behalf of many of the Danish Merchants trading to this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in order to protect and assist all Ships and other Vessels passing through or lying at Anchor in The Downs, an Act was made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich; by which Act certain Rates and Duties, therein particularly mentioned, are laid upon every Ship or Vessel, as well British as Foreign, above a certain Burthen, from, to, or by Ramsgate, or coming into the Habour there, to be applied for the Purposes of making and maintaining the said Harbour, and the Purposes of the said Act; and that no Ship or Vessel whatsoever, belonging to any of the

Subjects of his Danish Majesty, which are only navigated to or from any Part of his said Danish Majesty’s Dominions, to and from any Port or Place South of The South Foreland, can poflibiy receive any Benefit or Advantage from the said Harbour; and, as the said Act now stands, no such Ship or Vessel so navigated is subject or liable to pay any of the Rates or Duties directed to be paid and collected by virtue of the said Act; and that a Bill is depending in the House, which, if it should pass into a Law as it now stands, the Petitioner conceives, will subject all Danish Vessels and Ships, trading to or from any Port or Place South of The South , to the said Rates

or Duties: And therefore praying the House, That he may be heard, by Counsel, against certain Parts of the said Bill; and that the fame, as it now stands, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich: is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making " and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, from Birmingham to Bilfter.e, and from thence to , there

" to communicate with the Canal now making between " the Rivers Severn and ..Trent, and for making collateral " Cuts up to several Coal Minesand to explain and amend the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of in the East

Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Byrom, Esquire, to complete a Building, intended for a new Church, in the Town of Manchester, and for making the same a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for other Purposes, with One Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for veftingin Trustees, certain TimberTrees and other Trees, Handing and being upon the Estates of Sir Thomas Broughton, in the Counties of Chester and; and

to enable them to fell, cut down, fell, and dispose of, the fame, and to lay out a competent Part of the Money, arising by the Sale thereof, in rebuilding the ancient Mansion House of the Family, called Doddington Hall, in the said County of Chester, and the necessary Offices to be enjoyed therewith, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned;

Birmingham

Canal

Eaton

Inclosure.

Sandon

Inclosure.

Manch.fter New Charch.

Broughton's

Estate*.

Barrow'*

Estate.

pool, &c. Roads,

Militia*

Supply*

New

Radnor

Rle&ion.

Geo. III. 70 Mar til 293

► \ ed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this

House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Rynoflonreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from Poo!, Llanidloes, Machynlleth,

Llanfyl/in, and Llanfair, 1 n the County of;

and also the Road leading from Mardu, to join the Turnpike Road leading from to Pool, was

cortunitted; and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Landholders, Farmers, Tradesmen, and others, inhabiting in the Neighbourhood of the Road leading from the Pool Turnpike Road, in the Township of Garth, in the County of Montgomery, through Pentre, Jiiarth, over Pontr Sconrid Bridge, to through

Ldanvyllin, to MiUtyr Cerrig, the Road leading from

town to Machynlleth, the Road leading from Newtown to Bishop's Mote, the Road leading from Llanidloes to

Machynlleth, in the said Co.unty, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Behalf of the said Petition, and also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Lord , Sir John

worth, Mr. Parker, Mr. De Grey, and Mr. be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

the Petitioner, offered to produce certain Letters Patent, appointing a Steward of the said Contributary Boroughs, under whose Deputy the said 96 Persons were made Burgesses.

The Counsel for the Petitioner objected to the said Letters Patent being produced, they not having been inrolled within Six Months after the pafifing thereof, as required by a Proviso in the said Letters Patent, and being the refore absolutely null and void.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the several Persons who had no other Claim to be Burgesses of the Boroughs of Rhayder and Knuclafs, than by virtue only of a Presentment made in a pretended Court Leet, holden under the Authority of certain ' Letters Patent, which appear not to have been inrolled within the Time exprefily required by the said Letters Patent in order to the Validity thereof, ought not to have been admitted as legal Voters, at the last Election of a Member to lerve in Parliament, for the Borough of New Radnor. ’

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TtofaU-Y-.fSfcgK, } 95-

‘h' H Mr! } ’4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then Mr. Lewis, the Sitting Member, acquainted the House, That the House having come to the said Resolution, he would give no further Trouble.

And then the said Mr. Lewis withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That John Lewis, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor;

it paded in the Negative.

Resolved, That Edward Lewis, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of New Radnor, by rating out the Name of John Lewis, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Edward Lewis, Esquire, instead thereof.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards erecting a Magazine for Gun-Powder at Priddys in Portsmottlh Harbour.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Floufe.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of New Radnor.

And the Counsel were called in.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioner fumtned up the Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard; and, in order to requalify 96 Persons who voted for the Sitting Member at the last Election, as Burgesses of the said Contributary Boroughs of Rhayder and Knuclajs, and who were objected to by the Counsel for

Vol. 32.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum Exp1?jjqu*t of Mooey, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the 1 Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow;

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4F

t

Duke of Grafton’s Divorce.

Duke of Queenlbury and Dover’s Estate.

Earl

Shelburne’s

Will.

Duke of

Grafton’s

Divorce.

New

Radnor

Ekftion.

Bedworth

Inclosure.

Poppleton

Inclosure.

Preventing the gathing of Skins.

294

80 Mar tit. 1769-

Mercurii, 8° die Martii;

Anno 9* Georgii IIIt:1 Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Augujlu Henry Duke of Grafton, with the Honourable Ann Liddell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Charles Duke of Q and Dover, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands; Part of his ‘entailed Estate, in the Cofinty of Dumfries; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands, lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the real Estate, deviled, and directed to be purchased, by the Will of Henry Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and in Token House Yard, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Lothbury, in the City of London, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale or Mortgage thereof, in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, in England, to be settled to the Uses of his said Will; and for enabling the Persons therein mentioned to grant such Leases as are therein expressed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, with the Honourable Ann Liddell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of New Radnor.

Trades, residing within the Bills of Mortality, and other Places within this Kingdom, was presented to the Hiufe, and read; Setting forth. That, by a Statute made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Provision was made for preventing the wilful and negligent galhing, slaughtering, and cutting, the raw Hide of any Ox, Bull, Steer, or Cow, or the Skin of any Calf, in the flaying thereof,; and by several other Statues now in Force, the raw Hides of Oxen, Steers, and Cows, and the Skins of Calves, are to be brought to Public Markets to be sold; and that if such or the like Provisions and Regulations as are contained in the said Acts were extended to Sheep and Lamb Skins, it would be of great Advantage to the several Trades and Manufactures, of the Petitioners, and be of considerable public Utility, by the increase of Leather, and the Reduction of the present high Price of that Commodity:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Trecothick, Mr.

Pennant, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Liverpool

forth, That the Petitioners having observed, by the Votes Canal, of the House, That a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, between the Towns of Leeds and Liverpool, whereby a safe, easy, and expeditious Communication will be opened between the Ports of Liverpool and Hull, and that the Petitioners conceive, that such a navigable Canal will be highly beneficial to a great Parc of the County of York, and will also much conduce to the Public Good, by affording a new Nursery for Seamen, and a new Inducement for the Growth and Preservation of Timber, besides the many other Advantages mentioned in the said former Petition: And therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in, for making and maintaining such navigable Canal, as hath been so applied for, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

SirAo^er Newdigate presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish and Township of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, and for regulating certain Charity Estates within the said Parish: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Daniel Lufcelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Stinted Pastures, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Poppleton, and a Piece of Waste Ground called Scaglethorpe Moor, in the Manor of Scaglethorpe, all in the County of the City of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Leather Dressers, Leather Sellers, Tanners of Sheep Skins, Glovers, Breeches Makers, and Taylors, whose Names, are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others interested in the said *7

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom Sniiteibr, the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands and Grounds, in the several Townships of Alter by, Incosure* Snitterby and Wadding ham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except several Persons who are possessed of lands of the Yearly Value of £. 164, and 16 Common Right Houses, who, being applied to, refilled to give their Consent; and also, except several Persons who are possessed of Lands of the Yearly Value of £. 148, and 30 Common Right Houses, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, as it was a Matter of Indifference to them; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are of the Yearly Value of £. 1,417: and the Number of Common Right Houses are 125); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

in

Geo. III. 8® Martii 205

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Kingston Mr. Dyfott reported from the Committee, to whom the upon Thames Petition of George Hardinge, Esquire, Lay Impropriator

\ icarage. parjflj ancj Parish Church of upon Thames,

in the County of Surrey, and Diocese of Winch eft er, and Patron of the Vicarage thereof; and also of many of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, and other considerable Inhabitants, residing within the said Vicarage, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations^ of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Adder ley, being examined, said, That the Vicarage of Kingston comprehends the Chapelries or Curacies of Petersham, Richmond, Kew, East Moulsey and Thames

Dillon.

And in order to prove the ancient Dependence of the said Chapelries or Curacies, upon the Mother Church of Kingston aforesaid — several Extracts from the Register of the Bishop of Winchester, bearing Date respectively in the Years 1303, 1352, and 1377, were produced and read, by which it appeared, that the Vicarial Tythes, Obventions, and Dues, of the said Chapelries or Curacies, were heretofore received by the Vicar of; and

by an Extract from the Office of Remembrancer of First Fruits, and also by an Extract from the Cotton Library, bearing Date in the Year 1266, and ilfo by an Extract from the Archives of the Corporation of Kingston in the Time of Henry the 8th, it appeared that the several Curacies were considered as being within the Parish of Kingston, and contributing to the fame: And,

Mr. — Collins, Mr . — Mr.------------ Prime, the

Reverend Doctor John Thomas, and the Reverend Mr. George Harvest, being severally examined, said. That the said several Curacies have now distinct Parish Officers and Rates.

And the said Witnesses further laid. That the Vicarial Tythes or Sums of Money, in lieu thereof, are now received by the several Curates, though it appeared by the Extract from the Cotton Library aboverhentioned, that originally the said Vicarial Tythes were allowed by the Vicar to the Curates, in lieu or in Aid of their Stipend.

And Doctor Thomas said, that the Constitution of the Vicarage in these respects is irregular.

And Mr. Adderley, being examined, said. That the Vicar of Kingston has immemorially enjoyed the Right of Nomination to the said several Chapelries or Curacies.

And Doctor Thomas said, That the Right of the Curates to continue to hold their Curacies, notwithstanding the Avoidance of the said Vicarage, and independent of the Vicar, has been litigated, and never has yet been decided.

Then the Form of the Induction of the Vicar was produced, and read; and also One of the Extracts from the Register abovementioned being again read, it appeared, that the Vicar may by Law hold all the said Chapelries or Curacies.

And Doctor Thomas and Mr. Adderley said, That the Vicar has a Right to remove from one of the said Chapelries or Curacies to another as the Vacancies happen, and that such Removal has frequently been practised.

Doctor Thomas further said, That the best Method of preventing Litigation for the future, as well as pro-Vol. 32,

viding for the more decent and regular Service of the Churches in the Vicarage, would be a Division of the same into distinct and independent Vicarages or Curacies.

Then an Extract from a Presentment made by Commissioners under the Great Seal, and now in the Custody of the Archbishop of Canterbury, bearing Date in 1657, was produced, and read; by which it appeared that a Division of the said Vicarage was then recommended by the said Commissioners.

And the said several Witnesses laid. That the Distance of the said several Curacies and Mother Church aforesaid, from each other, is such as to admit of a threefold Division of the said Vicarage: And,

Mr.---- Collins, Mr.----- Bellamy, and the Reverend

Mr. Aggate, severally laid, That the Value of the Church of Kingston, and the Three several Chapelries of Petersham,

Richmond, and Kew, was such as would Supply an ample Maintenance for Two Vicarages.

But it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Ash, the Reverend Doctor Thomas, and the Reverend Mr. HarVeft, that from the particular Situation of the i'wo several Chapelries or Curacies of East Mouljey, and Thames Ditton, as well as upon account of certain D ^nations, which have been settled upon the respective Ministers of the fame, under certain Conditions and restrictions, the said Chapelries ought to be distinct from each other, and not being of sufficient Value to form distinct Vicarages, ought to be established as distinct and independent perpetual Curacies.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing the Vicarage of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, with the several Chapelries or Curacies thereto belonging, or thereon dependent, into Two lepa-rate Vicarages, and Two separate perpetual Curacies, in such Manner as is therein to be mentioned: And that Mr. Dyson, and Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Manchester Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, new Church. An Act to enable Edward Byrom, Esquire, to complete a Building, intended for a new Church, in the Town of Manchester, and for making the same a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for othei; Purposes.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol* loweth; viz.

Pr. 14.1. 5. After u Year" insert " to be judged of and determined by the Ordinary for the Time being."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Barrow’s veiling the settled Estate of John Barroiv, in the County Estate. of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whoni Waltham

the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and lucloiure. Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Waltham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read

Westminster

Streets*

Briftot

Hospital

and

Fairs

Impowering Court of Chancery to lay out certain Money.

Wells,

(Somerset)

Election.

Motion

concemi no

Riots in St. George's Fields

Bridgewater

Election.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

ap6 8° — 90 Martii. A. 1769.

read throughout’; and then a Second Time, One by One; throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be Ord, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord- The other Orders of the Day being read;

ing to Order, a Bill for raising a Fund for completing Refo That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply,

the several Purposes of the Act$ passed, for paving, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His other Places, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Majesty.

Parts adjacent; and for other Purposes: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Duties on

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Leather*

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants

trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas ad- Mr. Brickdale presented to the House, according to jacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others Order, a Bill to enable the Corporation of the City of dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Bristol, to exchange the Building of the Hospital called Liverpoo. Queen Elizabeth's HuJpital, for the Building called The _ .

Bartholomew's, in the said City; and for altering the Times ' Ref That this House will, upon Monday Morning of holding Bristol Fairs: And the same was received; and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *nd Meanfc read the First Time. *° consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out of the Common and General Cash of the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charge of the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. and

Mr. Alderman Beckford, do prepare, and Wing in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, be received To-

morrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Conduct of the Magistrates, and the Employment of the Military Power, in the suppressing of the Riots and Tumults in Saint George's Fields, on the 10th Day of May last; and into the Orders and Directions given, relative thereto by any of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, or by His Majesty’s Secretary at War, together with the Course which has been held concerning the Public Prosecution on that Occasion;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j Burke: j 3S>'

Tellers for he Noes.} & gg0*"* j M,.

So it paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Petty Bag Office do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with all the Returns of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, from the Year 1685, to 1754, both inclusive.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported From the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read

And then the House'adjourned till To-Morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 90 die Martii;

Anno 9® Georgii III'" Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other L«dj and the Inhabitants, interested in Lands adjoining Liverpool , upon the River Air ,between Skipton and , in the ^anal* West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for making a navigable Canal from the Town of Leeds, in Yorkshire, to the Town and Port of Liverpool, in the County of L and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Promoters of this Application, and of the said intended Canal, are not properly prepared with Surveys and Estimates requisite for such an Undertaking: And therefore praying. That the Proceedings upon the Petition, for a Bill to make such navigable Canal from Leeds to may be

postponed, until more proper Surveys and Estimates can be made, or until the Petitioners, and others the Proprietors of Lands through which the same is intended to be made, may be better satisfied with r^speft to the present Survey and Estimate, and of the Damages they may sustain thereby; or that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves or their Counsel, in Opposition to the said Petition and intended Bill, and may be otherwise relieved in the Premises as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, residing in and near the Market Towns of Leeds, Bradford, B'tngley, Highlev, Skipton, and,

in the County of York, and the Town or Port of pool, and the several Market Towns of Colne, Burnley,

C/ithero, Blackburn, Preston, and Ormskirk, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred; and that these Peti-. tioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the fame

9 Geo. III. $ Martii.297

fatne Time, in Favour of the/aid former Petition, against for vesting in Charles Duke of Qtieenfberry and rPu*cc.i0^.

the Petition now presented. and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of

his entailed Estate, in the County of and for Estate.

Swtnbum’i Ordered That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitu- settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands, lying contiguous

filiates. led, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Johnto, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate; was Swinburn, Esquire, in the County of Northumberland, and read the First Time.

Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tyne, in Trustees, in'Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powefs Harlovr Bufti Purchase of other Estates, in the County of Durham; of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of King George Common, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be read a Se- the First, and Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, for Woodford cond Time upon Monday Morning next. ’ repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Road.

And the House being informed, that Mr. Chailes in the Parish of to Woodford, in

Greenwood is a material Witness to be examined in the County of , was read the Third Time, relation to the said Bill; That the Bill do pafsr And that the Title

Ordered, That the said Mr. Charles Greenwood do be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two attend this House upon Monday Morning next. Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of King George the First,

and Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing Broughton's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Road from the North Part of Harlow Estates. vesting in Trustees, certain Timber Trees, and other Trees, mon, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the Handing and being upon the Estates of Sir Thomas Brough- County of Essex.

ton, in the Counties of Chester and Stafford; and to enable Ordered, That Sir William Maynard do carry the Bill them to, fell, cut down, fell, and dispose of the fame, and to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence* to lay out a competent Part of the Money arising by the

Sale thereof in rebuilding the ancient Mansion House Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom South of the Family, called Doddington Hall, in the said Coun- the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Willingham ty of Chester, and the necessary Offices to be enjoyed Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of South *nclolure< therewith; and for other Purposes; was read the First Willingham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed,

Time. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Parties concerned had' given their Content to the Bill,

Buckingham, Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, accord- to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Per*'

&c. ing to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from New-son, whose Property in the Lands intended to be in-port Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham, through the closed consists of Ten Acres, and who could not be several Towns of Stoney Stratford, Buckingham, and found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be Bicester, to the Town of Woodstock, in the County of inclosed consists of 1800 Acres); and that no Person Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill;

Time. and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill*

Shelburue’. for veiling Part of the real Estate, devised, and directed with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

to be purchased, by the Will of Henry Earl of She I- the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then

burne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and in a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

Token House Yard, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Loth- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

bury, in the City of London, in Trustees, to be sold Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be or mortgaged; and for laying out the Money arising ingrossed, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, in the Purchase of Manors,

Lands, or Hereditaments, in England, to be settled to Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom Bamolby-lc-the Uses of his said Will; and for enabling the Persons the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands Beck

therein mentioned to grant such Leases as are therein and Grounds, in the Parish of Barnolby-le-Beck, in the Inclosure,

expressed; was read the First Time. County of was committed, That the Committee

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

,the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned Croydon Dr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction Palace. a Bill for vesting in Trustees the capital Messuage, with of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone

the Appurtenances, at Croydon, in the County of Surrey, through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; known by the Name of The Palace of the Archbishop of which they had directed him to report to the House; and Canterbury, in Trust, to sell the same; and fordiipofing be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

of, and applying the Money to arise thereby, and to the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable:

be received on account of the Dilapidations thereof, in Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned: And and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the the same was received; and read the First Time. Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Earl of Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry to the Lords the ingrossed.

Abingdon’s ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

*S«tlefDcns* Wanting Jointures for the Wives, and providing An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Mo- Supply Bill; of Jointures. Portions lor the younger Children, of the Right ho- ney, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Exchequer nourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, and the Honour- the Year One thousand Seven hundred and 9ixty-nine, able Peregrine Bertie, his Brother; and for other Purposes was read the Third Time.

therein mentioned; and acquaint them, that this House Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year An ingrossed Bill from the Lord*, intituled, An Act One Thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Vol. 32. 4 G Ordered,

New

Malton,

&c.

Roads.

North

Hickb?m

Indofurr.

Mark field Inclosure;

Grcndon

Underwood

Inclosure.

Shaxton

Inclosurei

Aftley’s £ ft ate.

Worgan*s

Divorce.

Backus*

and

Holl's

Nat.

Bodmin, & c. Roads.

298

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Browning:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of to New

Ma/ion, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Meadows, Fens, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Nortin the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, within the Lordship or Liberty of Markfield, in the County of Leicester, and the Common Ground there, lying within the Ring, or Boundaries of the same Fields, or adjoining thereto, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Grendon Underwood, in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pallures, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of »W<7#/0«,otherwise Shackfton, otherwise Shackerfton, in the County of , without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Sir Edward Baronet, in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses of the Settlement made on his Marriage with Rhoda Act ley, his former Wife, deceased; and for substituting and settling an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, with such Powers as are therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The I.ords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John with Sarah

Mackelcan, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gerard Backus, and Leonard Hull; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hunt reported from the Corhmittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

*7

j4, 1769.

Ordered, That the Bill, witl\ the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Norris presented to the House, according to Or- Hafletiao der, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Post on Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath, and other Roads in the County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Golford Green to Tanner's Kent’, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, with respect to the other R-^acts therein contained; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Newcnden, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

"Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Ofbald^ick whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open lactose* Grounds, lying in Ofbaldwick, with Gate Helmfley, and Peterland Row, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the.

Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act AftleyV for veiling the settled Estate of Sir Edwatd Act ley, Baronet, in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses of the Setttlement made on his Marriage with Rhoda Act ley, his former Wife, deceased; and for substituting and settling an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, with such Powers as are therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Morgan’* to difiolve the Marriage of John , with Sarah Divorce-

Makelcan, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again: and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second #Time.

Mr. Dyson presented to the House, according to Or- - tingfton der, a Bill for dividing the Vicarage of Kingston upon ttP^uTh*n,e* Thames, in the County of Surrey, with the several ,taf4Se-Chapelries or Curacies thereto belonging, or thereon dependent, into Two separate Vicarages, and Two separate perpetual Curacies, in such Manner as is therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more America.* effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters:

90 Martii.

﻿ltvflip

inclosure.

Adjournment.

Committees-

Well* (S vnerfet) Election.

9 Geo. III. 90 Marti 299

Quarters; And that the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and'bring in the fame.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday last, for receiving Tomorrow Morning the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing several Woods and Woodlands, and a certain Close, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of St, Catherine End, in the Parish of Ryflip, in the County of ,was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly ;,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not* withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

" in One of the Seven Companies within the said " City, entitled to such Freedom by Birth, Servitude, " or Marriage."

And the Committee resolved, That the Counsel should be called in, and the said Resolution read to them.

Which being done;

The Counsel for the Petitioners informed your Committee, That they were instructed not to give the Committee any further Trouble.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert Child, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Clenrnt Midway, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen

to serve in this present Parliament for the said City.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the QuefUon severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio we th; viz.

Upon the Petition of Peter Taylor, Esquire, and also the Petition of those whose Names are underwritten, Burgesses and Freemen of the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset; complaining of an undue Election and Return of Clement Tudway, and Robert Child, El'qutres, for the said City. The Committee proceeded to examine the Merits of this Election.

And the Standing Order made upon the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was read.

And the last Determination of the House, of the 18 th Day of April 1729, concerning the Right of electing Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City; (whereby it is resolved, that the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, is in the Mayor, Matters, Burgesses, and Freemen of the said City, who are admitted to their Freedom in any of the Seven Companies within the said City, being the reunto entitled by Birth, Servitude, or Marriage,) was read.

And on beginning to read the Resolution of the House, upon the nth Day of March 1734, at the hearing the Matter of the Petition of William Piers, Esquire, and George Speke, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City and Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset:

The Counsel were ordered to withdraw.

And the Entry in the Journal of the House upon the 19th Day of February 1766,* of the Proceedings of the House, upon hearing the Matter of the Petition of Peter 'Taylor, Esquire, complaining of an undue Return for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, was read.

Then the said Resolution of the House upon the 1 ith Day of March 1734, was read:

" That the Counsel for the Petitioners be restrained " from giving Evidence that it is a necessary Quallfica-.* tion of a Burgess of the City of Wells, that such "f1 Person, previous to his being made a Burgess, was a Freeman of the said City, admitted to his Freedom VWE. 32.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Southwark Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Elc£llon* Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, be received upon Tttefday Morning next.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Blackfriatv Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviours,

Southwark, and others, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, within the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Ber-mondsey, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is making to the House, for a Bill to make a new Road from the South End of Blackfriars Bridge, to the Middle of the Road leading from Symonds's Corner, to the Stones End in Blackman Street, and from thence to branch out into Two Directions, One to the Alms Houses at Newington, and >

the other to the Sign of The Dog and Duck, in Saint George's Fields; and that it would be of great public Convenience, if a Road or Street was made from the said Read leading from Blackfriar's Bridge, from Or near Christ Church, in a strait Line through The Bell and Bear Inn, into the High Street of the said Borough; or else that a convenient opening may be made from Red Cross Street, fronting the End of Queen Street, through The Greyhound Inn, into the said Borough of Southwark; in which last same the Passage from the said High Street, opposite the said Greyhound Inn, into A Street called King Street, in Snows Fields, within the said Borough, will be improved, and by that Means a convenient Communication made between Blackfriars Bridge and Bermondsey, Rotherhithe, and the Eastern Parts of the Borough of Southwark: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the above Purposes, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thole, Sir Joseph Mawbey, tic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Pennant reported from the Committee, to whom the African

Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants Company, trading to Africa, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof, to the House; and he read the Report ill his Place;

and

300 9 MartiuA. 1769.

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth;

A State of the Fads contained in the said Petition, is &s followeth:

Joseph Champion, Esquire, One of the said Committee,

being examined, said, That the Money granted for fqpporting the several Forts on the Coast of in

the Year 1768 has been expended} but that the Account thereof is not yet made up.

It appeared to your Committee, by a Report entered in the Journal of this House, upon the Sixth Day of June 1758, that the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa* were delivered to the Committee of the Company in a very bad State, by the Royal African Company.

And it appeared to your Committee, by an Account of Six Months Expences of the lfiid Committee, from the First Day of January 1767, to the 30th Day of June following, taken from the Books kept upon the Coast of Africa, and which were the last that the Committee have received, that the Annual Expence of Salaries to white and black Men, Presents to the Natives, and other incidental Charges for maintaining and supporting the said Forts, amounts to 11,538. in 3 d.

That the net Sum received from Government, by the said Committee, \s per Annum 12,657. 6s. 6

And that cpnfequently the Money remaining applicable tO'Repairs is no more than 1,118. 151. 3

Your Committee then proceeded to inquire into the present State of the several Forts; which from the Accounts referred to your Committee, appears to be as follows;

Dixcove, in good Repair. Seventeen of the Carriages belonging to the Guns entirely useless, and all the others much decayed; and Two Six-Pounders dismounted.

Succondee, in exceeding bad Condition, and (the Dwelling Part excepted) a Heap of Ruins. — Two Nine-Pounder Carriages, and Twelve Four-Pounder Carriages, are good; all the other Carriages much broken, and useless.

Commonda, in good Repair.

Cape Coafi Castle, in general in bad Condition, several Parts having lately fallen down, and others so old and crazy, and composed of such bad Materials, that they must soon, if not rebuilt, fall also.

Anamaboe, in very good Repair, except that it wants plaistering, and that the Roofs, Doors, and Window Shutters, of some of the Apartments, are beginning to decay.

T antumquery, in a very ruinous Condition, except the

Hall and Chief’s Room.

Winnebah, the Hall, Tower, and every Room in the Fort, wants Roofing, as do also some of the Rooms in the Spur. — The Bastions are all trunked, and in a very feeble Condition. — The Walls of the Fort are in tolerable Condition.

Accra, is in extreme bad Repair.

Your Committee then inquired into the Utility of the several Forts: And,

William Devaynes and John , Esquires, being

examined, said. That Dixcove Fort is a Place of the utmost Consequence, and absolutely necessary to be kept up, as it supplies the best Timber for repairing the Forts and Ships, and also Coral for Lime, in great Quantities * and that both the Forts and Shipping depend upon this Fort for a Supply of Corn.

That there is more Palm Oil here than in any other Part of the Coast; and it is the best Place for Ships to water at, and the only Place where a Ship can go in to clean.

As to Commenda, Mr. Roberts informed your Committee, That it is of great Consequence, as the best Stone in Africa is got there.

As to Cape Coast Castle* Mr, Barnes informed your Committee, That it is the principal Fort the Company possess on that Coast, and that is very near falling down: And,

Colonel Bramhatn* being examined, confirmed the

Evidence of Mr. Barnes, and added. That he thought, it would be more advisable to repair than rebuild it.

Mr. Barnes said, That Anamaboe Fort is of great Consequence.

Mr. Deveyne said. That many Slaves are purchased at Tantumquery, and that it is very necessary to have it kept up.

That when he left the Coast, Five Years ago, Whydah was in a very bad Condition; and that a great Trade was carried on there during the War, but none at present.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor labouring Coalheavers, work- Coalheavcn. ing upon the River Thames* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for a Series of Years, laboured under the greatest HardftnY>s, through the cruel Impositions of a Set of Men called Coal Undertakers, to which they have been obliged to give One Fourth Part of what they earn, or could never expert to be any more employed by them 1 and that the said Coal Undertakers are, in their Profession an unnecessary Body of Men; and that the Bu-finess of the Coal Trade can be better carried on without them, by an Office properly established by the Aur thority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That the House would take their miserable same into Consideration, and cause an Amendment to be made to the Act passed in 1758 for their Relief and Regulation, which Act, through the artful Contrivances of the said Coal Undertakers, has been found to be deficient; and therefore implore, that such an Amendment may be made as the Hobfe shall determine, that the Petitioners may enjoy the Fruits of their Labour, without being imposed on by a Set of mercenary Men, which, the Petitioners presume, has been the Occasion of all those Disturbances that have happened where the Petitioners reside.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition, and report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman , Mr.

Alderman Bedford,&cl: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for. Persons, Papers, and Records, and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Letter Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, in the Inclosure. Township of Lelley, in the Parish of Prejion, in ness, in the East Riding of the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable,

Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, in the Township of Lelley, in the Parish of Prejion, in , in

the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson do carry the Bill -to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon CumberlanS the 15th Day of February last, for, Sir Gilfrcd Latvfoh, Election. Baronet, late High Sheriff of the County of Cumberland, to attend this House upon this Day, when the Matterof the Petition of Humphrey Senhouse, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Cumberland* was ordered to be heard, to answer such

Charge

9 Geo. III. gi° .

JrMgewatef

Elation.

Charge as should then be made against him, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Order made upon <fhurfday last " That this House will not, in this

Session of Parliament, hear, at the Bar of this House, "the Matter of any Petition which has been already " presented, complaining of an undue Election and " Return; except the Petitions which complain of the " undue Elections and Returns for the Borough of " Radnor, the Burghs of Dundee, Saint

" drew, Cupar, and Forfar, and for the Town of " water," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Sir Gilfred Lawson, Baronet, late High Sheriff of the County of Cumberland, do attend this House on Wednesday Morning next, to answer the Matter of

such Charge as shall then be made against him;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out " the Matter of such," and insert " a" instead thereof; and to leave out " as shall then be made against him," and insert " now made against him, that he did, at the last Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, unduly return Sir Lowther, Baronet, as Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, contrary to the Majority of Votes received by the said Sheriff upon the Poll; and did, after the Poll was closed, take upon himself to reject several Votes which had been received upon the Poll in Favour of Henry Fletcher, Esquire, in order to create a Majority in Favour of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, without hearing Counsel, or admitting Evidence, in Favour of the said Votes, at the Time of rejecting them, notwithstanding his Promise to hear such Counsel, and receive Evidence, in their Support."

And the Question being put. That the Words " the Matter of such" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " a " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " as shall then be made against him " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the other Words be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Ordered, That Sir Gilfred Lazvjon, Baronet, late High Sheriff of the County of Cumberland, do attend this House on Wednesday Morning next, to answer a Charge now made against him, that he did, at the last Election of the Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the fltid County, unduly return Sir James Baronet, as Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, contrary to the Majority of Votes received by the said Sheriff upon the Poll: and did, after the Poll was closed, take upon himself to reject several Votes, which had been received upon the Poll in Favour of Henry Esquire, in order to create a Majority in Favour of Sir Janies Lowther, Baronet, without hearing Counsel, or admitting Evidence, in Favour of the said Votes, at the Time of rejecting them, notwithstanding his Promise to hear such Counsel, and receive Evidence, in their Support.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset.

' And the Counsel were called in.

Vol. 32.

And the said Petitions were read.

And the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, And Ca* pital Burgesses, of the Borough of Bridgewater: and also, the Petition of One of the Aldermen, with some of the Capital Burgesses, and also the Inhabitants of the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, paying Scotland Lot; were read.

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel, at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read

And the Counsel for the Honourable Anne and for the Capital Burgesses and other Electors of the Borough of Bridgewater, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and also for the Alderman, with some of the Capital Burgesses, and also the Inhabitants of the Borough of Bridgewater paying Scotland Lot, who have petitioned this House with relation to the Right of Election within the said Borough; were heard; and stated the Right of Election to be in the Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Bridgewater paying Scotland Lot.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and also for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses of the said Borough; infilling that the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses of the said Borough, in Number 24, and in them only;

The Counsel for the said- Anne Poulett, and for the said Capital Burgesses and other Electors of the Borough of Bridgewater; and for the said Alderman, with lotne' of the Capital Burgesses, and also the Inhabitants of the said Borough paying Scotland Lot f were further heard; and produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in support of their State of the Right of Election; and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel on the other Side Were heard, in support of the Right of Electiop, as infilled on by them.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Hearing of the MatteF of the said Petitions be adjourned till fu Morning next.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yea^r.; } *'*

Tellers for the

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members, and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses of the said Borough, were further heard in support of the Right of Election, as infilled on by them.

And the Entry in the Journal of the House, upon the 7th Day of December 1669, of the Report from the Committee of Elections, relating to the Town of Bridgewater, was read.

Then the said Counsel produced Evidence in support of the Right of Election, as infilled on by them.

And having proposed to produce a Book, purporting to be an ancient Corporation Book, of the said Town of Bridgewater, which Book was found in a private House in the said Town, and not in the Custody of any Officer of the Corporation with whom the public Books and Papers belonging to the said Town are depoliled, and there not appearing to be amongst the Corporation Books any one of an earlier Date than the Year 1706;

The Counsel for the said Anne Poulett; and for the

4 H said

Shottery

inclosure.

St. Botolph, Arc. (London) Paving.

South 1 Willingham Inclosure.

302* 9* — 130 Martii. A. 1769-

laid Capital Burgesses and other Electors of the Borough of Bridgewater; and for the said Alderman, with some

of the Capital Burgesses, and also the Inhabitants of the said Borough paying Scotland Lot; objected to that Book being read as an ancient Corporation Book.

And the Counsel on the other Side were heard, in Answer to that Objection.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Book be admitted to be read as an ancient Corporation Book of the said Borough;

"* It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Members, and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses of the said Borough, closed their Evidence.

And One of the Counsel on the other Side was heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Inhabitants of the Borough of Bridgewater, paying Scotland Lot, have a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses of the Borough of Bridgewater, not being Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, have a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough}

It passed in the Negative*

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Morning

next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Ltun<ey 13® die Martii;

Anno 9* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1769. Prayers.

MR. Jackson presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Shottery, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, which lies in the County of and

Part of a Street called East in the Precinct of Saint Catharine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the lame; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jackson, Mr. Kynaston, Scc.\ And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the

21

Parish of South Willingham, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass *. And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, -within the Parish of South Willingham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Wahlum . Open and Common Fields and Grounds, Within the inclosure.

Parish of Waltham, in the County of Lincoln, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Waltham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill'from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Sir Edward AJlley, Ba- att* ronet, in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses of the Settlement made on his Marriage with Rkoda AJlley, his former Wife, deceased; and for substituting and settling an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, with such Powers as are therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harbor d, Sir Cecil Wray, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Broughton’s for vesting in Trustees, certain Timber Trees and other £fta, es* Trees, Handing and being upon the Estates of Sir Thomas Broughton, in the Counties of Che/ler and Stafford; and to enable them to fell, cut down, fell, and dispose of, the fame, and to layout a competent Part of the Money, arising by the Sale thereof, in rebuilding the ancient Mansion House of the Family,- called Doddington Hall, in the said County of Chester, and the necessary Offices to be enjoyed therewith; and for other Purposesj was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing the Road from Newport Pag- Newport nell, in the County of Buckingham, through the several P»gneU Towns of Stoney Stratford, Buckingham, and Bicester, to Woodstock the Town of Woodstock, in the County of Oxford, was Road, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Kynaston, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, PoppPtoa Meadows, lngs, Stinted Pastures, and other Lands and lDC 0 orc* Grounds, within the Manor of Poppand a Piece of Waste Ground called Scaglethorpe Moor, in the Manor of Scaglethorpe, all in the County of the City of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. La/celles,

Mr. Kan/ittart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making a Road from the South End of Blackfrim Black Friars. Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross ®r,dlp Saint George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at oa ’ or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert,

Ladbroke,

Sutton

Inciosure.

Bodmin, &c* Roads.

Bed worth Inciosure.

Duke of Queenfcerry and Dover’s Estate.

Thurlfton

Inciosure.

Bristol

Hospitals and Fairs.

Westminster

Paving.

9 Geo. III. . 130 Martii: 303

Ladbroke, Sir Joseph Mawbey&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Town Fields, Common Balks, Stinted Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of and Parish of

Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Town Fields, Common Balks, Stinted Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Sutton, and Parish of Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish and Township of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, and for regulating certain Charity Estates within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Kynnfton,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate, in the County of Dumjries; and for settling in lieu thereof other Lands lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. "Pringle, Mr. Douglas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Brttdenell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Thurlfton, otherwise in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable the Corporation of the City of tol to exchange the Building of the Hospital called Queen Elizabeth's Hospital, for the Building called Bartholomew's, in the said City; and for altering the Times of holding Bristol Fairs; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. dale, Mr. Kyr.ajon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen, of the Parish of St. Hanover Square, in

the City and Liberty of W and County of Middlesex was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been presented for raising a Fund, for completing the several Purposes of the Acts passed for Vol. 32.

paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets,

Lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of fVeJminster, and Parts adjacent, and for other Purposes; and that, if the same should pass into a Law as it is now drawn, the Petitioners apprehend it would become an insupportable Burthen upon all the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and be attended with many and great Inconveniences: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by theit Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as may affect them, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear reasonable.

A Petition of the several Nobility, and the humble Ditto. Petition of several Gentlemen, Vestrymen, and other Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St.Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was

presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill, in which the Parish of le

Bone is now included; and setting forth, That t lie Petitioners obtained last Year, at a great Expence, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares,

Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the laid Parish; and apprehend, should they be included, they shall be materially affected thereby: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard by themi'elve?, or their Ccun-fel, against being included in the said Bill, and also against such Parts thereof as the Petitioners conceive may affect their Rights, Privileges, and interests, or may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of CaWer Lands and Mills, contiguous to, or near unto, the Ri-ver Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York;

and also of the several Merchants and Manufacturers, in the Neighbourhood of the said River, whole N imes arc thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for extending and continuing navigable the River Colder, to or near Sower by Bridge,

in the Parish of Halifax, and fur making navigable the River.. Hebble, Ha/ig, or Halifax Brook, from Brook's Mouth, to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the County of York; and for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-first Year, of his late Majesty for those Purposes; and setting forth, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in the Form it now (lands, the Petitioners apprehend if will b$ very injurious to them, and othersunder the likeCircumstances:

And therefore praying, that the Petitioners maybe heard, by themselvesor Counsel, against such Parts of the said '

Bill as may affect them, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House may appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, thait they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com* Cola mon Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, within St. Aid wins the Manor and Lord ship of Coin St. Aldwins, in the Inclosure* County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tucker,

Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of to difiolve the Marriage of Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton’s

Grafton, Di*°rfie*

Wolfingham

inclosure.

Edwards* (and others) Eltatei.

Graham’s Estate.

organ’s

Divorce.

13° Martii. A. 1769.

3°4

Grafton, with the Honourable Ann Liddell, his now Wife, and to enable hjm to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight the 21st Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wolfingham, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wolfingham, in the County Palatine of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition, between John Edwards, Esquire, John Freemantle, Esquire, and Frances his Wife, and Mary Edwards, Spinster, of several Estates, in the County of Middlesex, and City of Bristol, devised by the Will of John Schoppens, Esquire, deceased, and of the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said John Schoppens, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this Houfo hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, Part of the Estate of Sir Bellingham Graham, Baronet, in the County of York, from the Uses and Trusts limited and declared by the Will of the Honourable Mary Graham, deceased; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, other Part of the Estate of the said Sir Bellingham Graham, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

% An ingrossed Bill from the Lord?, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Worgan, with Sarah

Mackelcan, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Seven-night, the 21st Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

A Petition of the Most noble John Frederick Duke of Dorset, Lord of the Manor of Shottery, in the County of Warwick, and the humble Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Stratford upon Avon, in the said County, Owners of the Privy Tirhes, and Proprietors of Lands, in the Common Fields of Shottery aforesaid, and the fereral other Persons whose Hands are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands in the said Common Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Lands and Grounds in Shottery Fields; and that the Petitioners conceive, that such Inclosure will be detrimental and injurious to their respective Interests and Properties in the said Fields: And therefore praying. That they may not be compelled to alter the present Mode of Enjoyment of their respective Properties in the said Common Fields; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Poole, Llanidloes, Newtown, Machyn* lleth, Uanfyllin, and Llanfair, in the County of Montgomery, and also the Road leading from Mardu, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to Poole, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Mostyn do carry* the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the 4aid County, and from thence to Nerwcafile under Line, in the County of Stafford; and from Shawbury aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road in High Ercalf in the said County of Salop', and from Shazvbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sand ford, in the said County; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County, and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County Of Stafford; and from Shazvbury aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County of Salop; and from Shawbury aforesaid, to Went in the said County; and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sand ford, tn the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbe?‘t do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill

Shotteiy

Indofute.

Pooler

tcc.

Roads.

Shawbury,

tec.

Roads.

Sr f

Geo. III. 130 Martii.305

Hafcldon’s A Bill to repeal so fnuch of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and ttauis. widening the Roads from the Whitt Post on Hafeldan's Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath, and other Roads in the County of Kent, as relates to the Road ffoth Gilford Green to Tanner's Vent t for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, with respect to the other Roads therein contained } and for amending the Road froth the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tenterden, through Robvenden, to the Turnpike Road in* the Parish of Newenden. in the said County } was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Norris, Mr. Gordon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

fcochester A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching and the High Streets and Lanes, in the Parish of St. Nicholas, Streets the City of Rochester, and Parish of Strood, in

kc. the County of Kent; and for making a Road through Star Lane, ^cross certain Fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hilly in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gordon, Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they ye to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber $ and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Hereford Mr. Foley presented to the House, according to Order, Roads. Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford; and for amending the Roads to LanUoudy Hill, and Langtia Bridge: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Exrter, &c. Sir George Yonge presented to the House, according Roads, to Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual Two Acts for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter and for repairing and widening the Way or Street, from the Causeway at the Bottom of St. David's Hill, through Northgate Street, to St. Paul's Street, and rendering the Passage thereof more commodious; and for opening a Road or Highway from St. David's Hill, through HoiveWs Lane, to The Oxford Inn, near the East Gate of the said City; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Exweek Crofs3 to the Smith’s Shop near Cowley Bridge, in the County of Devon} and also for repairing and widening, or re-building, Exe Bridge, in the County of Devon, and County of the City of Exeter, and for removing Obstructions in certain Ways or Streets leading from the said Bridge; and also for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near Bars Hill Oak Corner, to the Turnpike Road at the Red Post leading to Riding Lane*, and for erecting a Bridge at or near a Ford called Countess Wear, in t]ie County of Devon: and the feme was received: and read the Frift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Snitterby, Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is eon-&c. ' cerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Inclosure. Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the several Townships of After by, Snitterby, and IVaddingham, in the County of Lincoln, which Bill was upon Wednesday lad reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Vol. 3*.

be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the several Townships of At ter by, Snitterby, and Waddingham, in the County of

Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr* IVhicluot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

A Bill for vesting in Trustees the capital Messuage, Croydon with the Appurtenances, Croydon, in the County of Palace* Surrey, known by the Name of The Palace of the Arch-bishop of Canterbury, in Trust, to sell the same; and for disposing of and applying the Money to arise thereby, and to be received on account of the Dilapidations, thereof, in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Townshendy Doctor Hay, &c. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing the Vicarage of Kingston upon Kingston Thames, in the County of Surrey, with the several Chapel- uponThamcs ries or Curacies thereto belonging, or thereon dependent, VicaraScs* into Two separate Vicarages, and Two separate perpe* tual Curacies, in such Manner as is therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dyson,

Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Angutfh and Mr.

Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Montrose for continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of ^s^^niei King George the First, and in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty, for lay ing a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale, or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with frefti Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned^ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cirencester, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester, in &c* the County of Gloucester, to the Tenth Mile Stone from Cirencester, at or near the East End of the Town of Tet~ bury, and from the West End of the Church Yard in the said Town of Tetbury, to a Gate in the said County, near the Monument upon Lansdown, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ThwJng for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open Fields, Inclosure. Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Thwingy in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Atwfck for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lands, Inclosure. Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and other Open Grounds, within the Township of Atwick, otherwise At-tenwick, in Hdderness, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Naffcrton for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common and Pafl;ures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Nasser ton and Wansford, in the Parish of ll, 0 urc* Nafferton, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act DocWiafcton, for the more effectual draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the muaSe* Hamlet of Wimblington, in the Parish of Doddington, and in the Parish of Chatlcrifs, within the Hie of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Swinbum* Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Elbtc.

4 I An

3*> 13a Martin A. 1769.

An Act for vetting Part of the settled Estates. of John Swinbkrk,. Esquire, in the County of Northumberland, and Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, and to layout arid apply the Monty to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, in the County of Durham, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read. \

And the said Order being read accordingly;

’ The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, that they do fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Tomorrow Seven-' night, the 21st Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Greenwood do, upon Tomorrow Seveonight, the 21.il-Day of this Instant March, attend the said Committee.,.

Ofbaldwick, Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into

Inclosure. farther Confederation the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill.for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds, lying in with

’ Gate Helmjley, and Peterland Row, in the County of York, was committed, be now read.

' And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into ‘ further Consideration.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment

was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ’ ingrafted.

Carnarvon Mr. Wynne reported from the Committee, to whom the Road. Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Taly Cafn Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, and through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and to the

Town of Pw/lhely, in the same County, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several ’ Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Tonbridge, Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee, *c. to whom the Petition of the Trustees to an Act for re-

R°ad. pairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maid-

stone, and from Wats Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Seven-fakes, Leigh, Chiddingstone, Spaldhurst,

Bidborough, Tonbridge, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in {he said County of Kent; was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And Mr. Thomas Clerk to the

Trustees, being examined, said, That 750 has been borrowed on {he Credit of the said Act, which cannot

18

be repaid, with the Interest thereon, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the said Act is amended, and the Tolls thereby granted are raised.

And the Witness. further said. That the Road from Sevenoaks, through the several Places mentioned in the Petition to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penjhurst

to the Turnpike Road near Soul/thorough, are in a ruinous Condition, and narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend ^n Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wats Cross to,

in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Repair of the Road from Wats Cross to Cowden’, and also for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoakes Common, to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penjhurst Town to Southborough, in the said County;/ And that Lord George Sackville, General Irwine, and Sir George Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Legh reported from the Committee, to whom the MaccfestieUb Bill to repair and widen the Road from the Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, o\tx the Long'

Mojs and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether: Tabley, in the said County; and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road; was comm -it !; That the'Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and thjit the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Qerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Ameftdments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com;* mons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That Fleet Prifo^ the Building of His Majesty’s Prison, commonly called &c*

The Fleet Prifion, being in a very decayed and ruinous Condition, and unfit for the Purpose for which it was designed unless the fame be totally rebuilt, the Petitioners have entered into an Agreement with the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and with the Right reverend the Lord Bishop of Ely, to remove the said Prison to Ely House, or Palace, situate in Hoi bon and to remove the present Fleet Market to the Ground whereon the said Prison (lands, in order to open a Communication between the Northern and Southern Parts . of the Metropolis, and which would be of Public Utility; but such Agreement having been concluded since the Day limited, by Order of the House, for re- , -ceiving Petitions for Private Bills, the Petitioners pray, that the House will permit them to present a Petition for Leave toeing in a Bill to carry the said Agreement into Execution.

Ordered, That upon Consideration only of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to exhibit a Petition, as desired by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Cpm- Dittos

mons,

<) Geo. Ilf. 13° Mar lit. 3 — 7

mons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition; and setting forth. That, upon a Treaty for effecting those several Purposes, between the Petitioners, the present Lord Bishop of Ely, and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, it hath been agreed, that the said House, or Palace, and Premises should be veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, for ever, to be converted into a Prison, for the Reception of the Prisoners usually committed to the Fleet Prison-, and that the Scite of the said present Prison, with the Messuages and Grounds thereunto belonging, shall be vested in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of and their

Successors for ever, to be by them converted into a Market in lieu of the said Fleet Market; and that the Estates of the City of London should be charged with perpetual Rent-charge of 300 a Year, clear of all Taxes and other Deductions, and to be paid and payable to the said Bishop and his Successors for ever; and that there should-be paid and payable to him and them for ever, out of the Exchequer of His Majesty,.and His Successors, an additional perpetual Annuity of 1.00,

to be payable in like Manner, and as and for a full Compensation and Satisfaction to the said Bishop and his Successors; and that such Agreement cannot be carried into Execution, and the several public Purposes thereby'intended be effectually answered without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Lad broke, Mr. Alderman Bickford,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

cf Chancery to lay out certain Money.

Mr. Wedderburn presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to impoVver the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out of the Common and General Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac--gg«- Count of the annual Balances of the dead Cash and Securities in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from the Year 1739 to the present Time; distinguishing the -dead Calli from the Securities, in each Year.

Accotnt ordered; Leather.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Tanned and Wrought Leather exported from England, from 1761 to

Christmas 1768; distinguishing each Year, and the Tanned from the Wrought.

Duties Ordered, That Mr. William Chamberlain, do, Toon Leather. morrow Morning, attend the Commirtee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis’s Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others, dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporat ion of Liverpool.

Ordered, That Mr. Jonathan Giles do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Vol.jz.

Ordered, That Mr. William Bai/forcLdo attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Harriott do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Job Heath do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Coinage, cording to Order, a Bill for making perpetual, an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for En-r couragement of Coinage of Money: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord- Mutiny ing to Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act of the an^ Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in his Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of thq Army and their Quarters: And the feme was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Roger Newdigaie reported from the Committee, to Oxford whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable f0

Canal, from the Covent ty. Canal Navigation, at or neay CauaU

the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, was cpm-mitted; and to whom the Petition of the Own.ers,

Matters, and Commanders, of Ships and Vessds employed in the Coal Trade at North Shields, in the County of Northumberland; and also, the Petition of the Mayor,

Recorder, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Comr mon Council assembled; and also, the Petition of the Matter, Pilots, and Seamen, of the House in

Newcastle upon Tyne; and also, the Petition of the Matters arid Owners of Ships of the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne-, and also, the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships, belonging to, and employed in, the Coal Trade at Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County of Durham; and also of the principal Inhabitants of the said Town# and also, the Petition of the Matters and Owners of Ships, of the Port of Scarborough, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Council assembled j and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, in and near the Town of in the County of Stafford;and also, the Petition of the Traders and Manufacturers in and near the City of Litchfield-, and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, in and near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also, the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, and Freeholders, Owners of Lands in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of George Perrot, Esquire; and also, the Petition of John Smith, Owner and Occupier of a certain Water Corn Mill called Temple Mill,

Carter, Occupier of another Water Coru Mill called Braile's Mill, Joseph Mathews, Owner and Occupier of.

another Water Corn Mill called Mill, John

Harris, Occupier of another Water Corn Mill called Sutton Mill, Ralph Eden, Owner and Occupier of another Water Corn Mill called Stourton Mill, William Steel,

Owner and Occupier of another Water Corn Mill called Cherington Mill, James Tapin, Occupier of another Water Corn Mill called West on Mill, William Sheldoi),

.Occupier of another Water Corn Mill called Burmington Mill, Richard Watkins, and Thomas Parry, Occupiers of another Water Corn Mill and Fulling Mill called Barchefion Mill, and Thomas Stevens, Occupier of another" Water Corn Mill called Shipjlc and also, tbp

Petition

Supply.

130 — 14° Martii.

A. 1769.

Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers* in and near the Town of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford; and also, the Petition of the several Inhabitants, residing in and near the Towns of Banbury and Bicester in the County of Oxford, and Btackley in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto set* on Behalf of themselves, and many other Labourers in Husbandry and Manufacturers, who, with their Families, are now in the greatest Distress fof want of Fuel \ and also the Petition of William Fitz Thomas, Esquire, Thomas Mason, Esquire, Thomas RameU, Gentleman, and Elizabeth Nelson, Widow $ were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Allegations of the nth, 12th, and 16th-mentioned Petitions j and had considered the ift, 2d, 3d, 4th jth, 8th, 9th, loth, 13th, 14th, and 15th-mentioned Petitions, no Person appearing in support of the 6th and Tth-mentioned Petitions; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be -true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That a sufficient Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 30th Day of April 1756, in relation to the Order made for printing such a Number of Copies of the Bill, with the Amendments, to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, as should be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

Then the Question being put, That a sufficient Number of Copies of the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

It paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Matters and Owners of Ships and Vessels, employed in the Coasting Trade, who petitioned this House, upon Monday last, against the said Bill, be heard, by their Counsel, when the said Report shall be taken into Consideration, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee^ of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

OrThat the Account of Extraordinaries incurred, and paid Anno 1768 by George Cooke, Esquire, and the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, late Paymaster General of His Majesty *s Forces, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinaries incurred, and paid Anno 1768 by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayNloTn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Hi*

Majesty.

The other Ordef of the Day being fend;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of die who!*

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tornkyrts, from Aicount-the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; LcatIicr‘-he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Tanned and Wrought Leather, exported from England, from Christ-ma$ 1761 to Christmas 1768; distinguishing each Year, and the Tanned from the Wrought*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland\ Davis9s Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liver* pooL

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Roote, Ac- Amount — comptant to the Society of the Free British Fishery, attended at the Door; he was called in; and-, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Dilburfcments, by the Society of the FrBritish Fishery, from the 31 December 67, to 31 December 1768.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account wits read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House iadjourned till To-tiiorrow Morning, Nine of the Clocks

Martis, 14*;

Anno 9* Georgii III"1 Regi?, 1369.

Praters.

AN ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Barno%.Ie* Open Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of T nolby-le-Beck, in the Cwnty of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

I*

l

1>

Geo. Ilf.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Barnolby-lc-Beck, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

'fengtte, Mr. Millet, reported from the Committee, to whom the Billto enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed * in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Pengate to Latchetts Bridge, and other Roads in the County of Wilts, so far as relates to the Second District of Road contained in the said Act; and for amending several other Roads, near adjoining to the said Roads; wascommitted; and to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Scend, in the County of Wilts, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and also of Jane Bowdler, and other Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Act; and also, the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-jpfty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Scend Street, in the County of Wilts, to the Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, and also of the Mortgagees of the Tolls arising from the several Turnpike Gates erected by virtue of the said Act, and of the Inhabitants of the Town of Melksham, and the adjacent Parishes, in the said County; and also, the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from West Lavington to The Devizes, and from The Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts, and of the Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the same Act:; and also, the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from the City of Salift bury, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the ‘County of Somerset; and also, the Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, in the several Villages and Hamlets of Wortoh and Bulkington, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the Parish of Melksham, in the County of Wilts \ were referred; that the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which . they had directed him to report to the House; and he read ? the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Barrow’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate. for veiling the settled Estate of John Barrow, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pennant, Mr. La/ceiles, &c.: And they are to meet this After-\ noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Odbud A Petition of the Right honourable Spencer Earl of to Northampton, and the humble Petition of William Shel-don, Esquire, Proprietorst>f several Lands in the County of Wanvick, on Behalf of themselves and several others, Proprietors of Lands, in the Counties of Warwick, Ox-

Vol. 32.

309

ford, and Glouceftet, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is now depending, for making a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford; and that an Amendment was made to the said Bill by the Committee to whom the same was committed, impowering the Company of Proprietors to supply the said intended Canal with Water from any Brook or Stream, or to make any Reservoir within the Distance therein mentioned; and that it will be of the utmost Consequence to the Proprietors, and very greatly distress the Inhabitants of that Part of the Country, if any of their Springs are diminished, or their Land-Floods obstructed; and that no sufficient Security is given in the said Bill against the Damage that may be done thereby; and the Petitioners Property in particular may be injured to the Amount of many Thousand Pounds a Year: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Amendment.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, was committed, be taken into Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to whom St. Nicholas the Bill for railing Money to discharge Debts contracted Chyreh, in taking down and re-building the Parish Church, n °* Tower, and Spire, of St. Nicholas, in the City of Bristol, and for re-building the Spire, and for other Purposes, wascommitted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 1 and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made ' several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- Blackfriars cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving the Streets and Road# Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame* and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining the reto: and for preventing Annoyances therein; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have continued to put the said Act in Execution; and that several of the Streets and Places, by the said Act directed to be paved, are dill unfinished; and the Petitioners find, that, from the Insufficiency of their Funds, and the great Probability of a Decrease of their present Tolls at the Opening of the Avenues to Black Friars Bridge, they shall not be able to complete the said Pavement, and will be also rendered incapable of paying the Interest of the Monies already borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for making a Road from the South End of Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross Saint George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, for which Purpose the Tolls " 4 K upon

140 Martii.

Ditto.

Ditto.

310 140 Martii. A- 1769*

upon London £ ridge to Blae Friars are to be

further continued; and that the completing the Pave* rocnts of the Borough of Southwark and Parts adjacent is of great Consequence to the Public; and representing to the House, that the making convenient Avenues to and from the City of , and the adjacent Counties, mud be of equal, if not greater Importance to the Public than the making the new Roads to Black Friars Bridge-, and that a Decrease of the Tolls already granted to the Petitioners, and their being incapable to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed, will affect Public Credit: And therefore praying, That feme Provision may be made, out of the Money to be raised upon the Credit of such Continuation of the Tolls on the Two Bridges, for the Purposes of enabling the Petitioners to complete the public Works under their Care, and the Discharge of the Debts already contracted for public Convenience; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall Teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Alawbey, Mr. KynaJltm, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and others, of the County of Surrey, was presented to the.House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross Saint George's Fields; and setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now (lands, it would be highly injurious, and would subject them to the Payment of an unnecessary additional Toll: and, the Petitioners appre-’herid, that all the good Purposes intended by the said Bill may be attained without any additional Toll: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill ak may affeCl them, and may receive such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of several Persons, being Inhabitants, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Proprietors of Estates, in -man Street, Kent Street, Long Lane, Dirty Lane, and Gravel Lane, in the feverd Parishes of Saint George, and Saint Saviours, Southwark, Newington, and in the County of Surrey, was presented. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the public Way or Road from Black-man Street towards BlackFriars Bridge, is along and the said Lane is in a very ruinous and dangerous Condition; and that, in order to make the Passage into and through the said Lane commodious, it is necess^ry to take down an old House called the Angel Inn-, and that, if the said Lane was sufficiently widened and amended, great public Convenience would result therefrom; and that the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for making a Road from the South End of Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross Saint George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the Dog and Duck, and to Newington; and for those Purposes, the Tolls on London and Black Friars Bridges are to be extended, which will be continuing a very heavy Burthen on the Trade and Commerce carried on in Southwark, and Parts adjacent; and the Pe-

1$

titioners conceive it reasonable, that, if it shall be thought expedient for the Public Convenience, to make the said Roads out of the Money so collected, that such Con* venience may be further extended, by applying a small Proportion of such Tolls, for completing the public Passage to Black Friars Bridge, through the said Lane, called Dirty Lane: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for opening, widening, and amending the said Lane, by applying a Part of the Public Money to be collected on the said Bridges for that Purpose; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ot a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Jofepft Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to Laneham whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names *r"naiSe* are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and of other Persons, being Owners of Lands and other Properties, in the several Townships of Laucham, Ramp-ton, 'trejwell, South Leverton, North Leverton, Habblef-

thorpe, otherwise Apefthorpe, UttlebrouFenton,

and West Burton, in the County of Nottingham, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House, and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Nix. John

Grundy, an Engineer, being examined, said. That he knows the Grounds described in the Petition; that he has taken Surveys and Levels of them, and finds them subject to be overflowed by Flood and Trent Waters on the West Side; and apprehends it would be advantageous to the Parties interested, and of public Utility, jf the same were embanked and drained; and that they are capable of being embanked and drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Low Grounds, in the Parishes or Townships of Laneham,

Ramp ton, Trejwell, South Leverton, North Leverton,

Habblefthorpe, otherwise Apefthorpe, Uttlebrough, Sturton,

Fenton, and Wed Burton, in the County of Nottingham:

And that Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Amcotts, and Mr. Hewett, do prepare, and bring, in the fame.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to whom Scole B idjt the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge, to the Place where the East Gate lately flood, in the Town of Bury, in the County of Suffolk, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and-then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Warwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the "* electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this prefenif >

Parliament for the County of Warwick, in the room of William Throckmorton Bromley, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition

4

fcowtt, ice. feoadi.

Norwich

to

Scole Bridge Hoad,

Crofgate

Indoiure.

Highedge

lflclosure.

Nottingham Shire Hail.

p Geo.. III. 14° Martii.: % 1t

APetition of several Inhabitants residing in or near several of them, agreed to by the tfoufe; and ah Szvaledale<, in the County of York, was prefen ted to the Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

House, and read \Taking Notice of the Bill for continu- Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be $og* and rendering more effectual, an Act for repairing ingrossed. the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough.

under Stainmore, in the County of Westmoreland-, and for Slr Robert reported from the Committee, to Saint repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Castle, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual* Bartholomew

Kayber Cross-, and also the Road from Maiden Castle, to an Act of the 28th of his late Majesty, for the better Streets!

the Coal Works at Taylors Rigg, and Tan Hill, and enlightening and cleansing the Open Places* Squares,

Kings Pits 1 and also the Road from Barrow Brow, to Streets, Lanes, Alleys,.Passages, and Courts, within the >

Middle Pell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties; and setting Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London-, and report h, That the-Road from Tan Hill and Kings Pits to gulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said

Beck Crooks, and from thence to Punchatt Pasture, West Parish; and for empowering the Trustees, in the said Act

Gate, and also the Road from Pwtcbatt Pasture West Gate, named* to pave the said Streets, and other Places witbiri,

to IVhaw Lane Head, and from thence by Lilly Jocks to the said Parish, and to remove Annoyances and Ob*

Arkletown, and the Road from Arkletown to the Market structions was committed; That the Committee had Town of Reeftr, are very ruinous, and cannot be repaired examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the? by the ordinary Couffe of Law: And therefore praying, same to be true and that the Committee had gone That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing through the Bill,. and made several Amendments there- the said Road. , unto; which they had directed him to report to the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments weM appear to them, the House: Once read throughout; and then a Second Time* One

And it is referred to Mr. Turner, Lord Strange, &c.r: by One; and, upon the Question severally put there* ,

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the upon, were agreed to by the House.

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to Ordered, That; the Bill, with the Amendments, be fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ingrossed.

Mr. Harbordreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich, to Stole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone'through thi Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.: -

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Beverley, whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road &c* from Beverley, to the Ferry, at and from the 04 *

Malton Guide Post, to the Gravel, Pit at Cottinghcm, in

the Countjy of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true-; and that the Committee had-gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by jOne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,-were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor, or Common, called Crofgate Moor, in the Parish of Saint in the County Palatine of Durham-, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed intercommon Lands there 5 without any Amendment: And ailo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part or Share of Ward, which belongeth to Highedge, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to rebuild the Shire Hall of the County of Nottingham; and for using the Guild Hall of the

Town and County of the Town of Nottingham for the Purposes of a Shire Hall in the mean Time; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to Voit. 3*.

A BUI for laying open and widening certain Ways Birmingham and Passages, within the Town of Birmingham-, and for Streets, cleansing and lighting ’ the Streets; Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and: Obstructions therein; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Lord Beauchamp,c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee, are to have "Voices.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according Militia, to Order, a Bill, for explaining, amending, and continuing an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill for further continuing an Act of the Sixth

Mutiny

and

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act Desertion; to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Americ*.’ Dominions, in America, an Act passed in this present Sef* lion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny

Cumberland

fikdioa*

SoppJy.

314 14° Martii. A. 1760.

tiny and Desert idn, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Rtfobued, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, fcfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Sir Giljred Baronet* late High

Sheriff of the County of Cumwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner did, in Obedience to the Order of the House of the 15th Day of February last, come up to Town in order to at* tend the House, to answer to such Charge as should be made against him; and that the Petitioner finds, by the Order of the House of Thursday lait, that a Charge is now made against him, and that he is ordered to attend on Wednesday next, to answer thereto; That the Petitioner, although he thinks himself not at Liberty to question what the House hath already decided upon, that Sir James Lowther was unduly returned, yet hopes to be able to satisfy the House, that his Error therein was not wilful, and that his Conduct was not such as it is represented in the said Charge, nor attended with any such Breach of Promise as is therein alledged; and repcefenting to the House, that it will be altogether impossible Tor him to have his Witnesses ready so loon as tVedneJday next, in order to prove the several Fads and Circumstances upon which he mult rest this his Defence; and therefore relies both upon the Justice and Humanity of the House, for allowing him a reasonable Time for that Purpose; and also praying, that, when his Witnesses are ready, he may be admitted to make his Defence by Counsel.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Thursday last, That Sir Giljred , Baronet, late

w High Sheriff of the County of Cumberland, do attend " this House on Wednesday Morning next, to answer a " Charge now made against him, That he did, at the last " Election of the Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, unduly return Sir James Lowther, Baronet, as Knight of the Shire, to lerve in this present Parliament for the said County, contrary " to the Majority of Votes received by the said Sheriff " upon the Poll; and did, after the Poll was closed,

take upon himself to reject several Votes which had been received upon the Poll in Favour of Henry " Fletcher, Esquire, in order to create a Majority in

" Favour of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, without hear-w ing Counsel, or admitting Evidence, in Favour of the said Votes, at the Time of rejedHng them, notwithstanding his Promile to hear such Counsel, and " receive Evidence in their Supportmight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Sir Giljred , Baronet, do at-

tend this House upon Thursday, the 6th Day of April next, to answer the said Charge; and that he be admitted to make his Defence thereto, at the Bar of this House, by his Counsel.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his. Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and i9 as followed); viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Thirty eight thousand Five hundred Fifty Seven Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence, Three Eighths of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services^ incurred to the Twenty-third Day of

December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, and not provided for by Parliament.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Representation of the Genera^ Assembly of the Amerten Colony of New York, being offered to oe presented to Colon*-the House; humbly shewing the high Sense of the distinguished Blelfings under His Majesty’s Government, ana our happy Constitution: Firm in these Sentiments, the Inhabitants of the Colony acknowledge that augult Body, the High Court of Parliament, as the Supreme Legislature over all His Majesty’s Dominions: They conceive that it is not essential to preserve the just Dependence of the Colonies, that the Parliament of Great Britain, in which they are not nor can be equally or effectually represented, should be veiled with the Power of taxing His Majesty’s Subjects in America:

That it is a fundamental Principle in the Constitution, that no Tax can be imposed, or any Property be taken from the Subject, without his Consent, given by himself, or his Represen tat ive in Parliament:

That they were early invested with the Powers of Legislation, in virtue of which, the Right of impoting Taxes has been invariably and exclusively exercised by their Representatives, in General Assembly convened:

That with great Anxiety they observe the Acts of the late Parliament, imposing Duties on the Colonies for the declared Purpose of railing a Revenue, which they lament as subversive of the natural and constitutional Rights of the People they represent, whole Property is by these Acts granted without their Consent:

That the Act of the same Parliament, suspending the Legislative Power of this Colony, until they shall have made the Provision required, for quartering His Majesty’s Troops, is still more alarming, as destrudive of the very End of Representation.

The Subjects of this Colony have always cheerfully complied with the Requisitions of the Crown; and they are therefore the more afflicted at the passing of those Laws which not only tend to the Infringement of their natural Rights as Ettglijkmen, but seem to imply a Dif-

trust of their Readinels to grant such Assistance as the Public Exigence may require.

Urged by these Realous, they presume, with the utmost Deference to the Wisdom of Parliament, to lay before them the Dillrcfles of their Constituents; and fully trolling that the Grievances of His Majesty’s Subjects in America, and the united Voice of all the Colonies, will prevail on His Majesty, and the Parliament, to grant them such Relief, as they shall think necessary, to maintain an equal Participation of Rights, among his faithful Subjects, in every Part of the -tish Empire;

Signed by Mr. Levingston, as Speaker of the General Assembly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Representation be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Southwark Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as El*Aion. it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey; together

with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and as felloweth; viz.

Upon the Petition of William , complaining

of an undue Election and Return of Sir Joseph Mawbey, Baronet, for the Borough of,

in the County of Surrey.

The Committee proceeded to examine the Merits of this Election.

The Standing Order of the 16th Day of 1735,

for restraiqing the Counsel at the Bar of this House,

or

9 Gf.o! III. . 140 Mar lit. 313

or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence, touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was read:

' And the last Determination of the House, upon the 10th Day of November 1702, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; whereby it is resolved. That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, is only in the Inhabitants thereof, paying Scotland Lot, was read:

The Numbers on the Poll were.

For Mr. Thrale 1248.

Sir Joseph Mawbey 1159.'

Mr. Belchier 994.

No Objection was made to the Election of Mr. Thrale.

In order to prove Bribery, on the Part ofx Sir Joseph t, Mazvbey; - .

The Petitioner’s Counsel called John who being examined, said, he voted at the last Election for Southwark; that he took an Oath before he voted.

1 And being asked what Oath, he laid, he heard Part of it, but could not tell what it was; — he was sure it was not the Bribery Oathhe did not take that; — he was told, the Oath was, that he.should take no Bribe; he und'erstood by the Oath, that he was to take no Money from any Gentleman.

And being asked, what he meant, when, he said, he tpok no Bribery Oath, — said, he took an Oath to speak the Truth; — that he took but one Oath; — and did not know what Bribery is.

The Witness and the Counsel being withdrawn;

The Committee resolved, that the Counsel for the Petitioner be not admitted to examine John Woodward, to prove his. having received a Bribe, to give his Vote for the Sitting Member, the said John Woodward having, at the Time of the Election, taken the Oath, which, by the Act for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, is appointed, if demanded, as therein is mentioned, to be taken by Persons having, or claiming to have a Right to vote at Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

And the Counsel were called in, and acquainted with the said Resolution.

To prove that Henry Ruffe/, Esquire; was a principal Agent for Sir Joseph Mawbey, the Petitioner’s Counsel called Edward Toomer, who said, Mr. Rufj'el, with Five or. Sax other Gentlemen, came to take his House for Sir Joseph Mawbey — Mr. Ruffle/ acted as a Gentleman of, Sir

Joseph Mawbey's Committee — he paid the Witness his Bill after the Election — it was for Meat and Drink during the Time of the Election. — Sir Joseph Mazvbey paid him a Bill on the canvassing Day, Ten or Eleven Days before the Election, and said Mr. would pay the other — whin Mr. Ruffe/ aAd the other Gentlemen came to his House, they said jointly, they would be answerable ;he should be paid — this was Two err three Days before the Poll — they all undertook he should be paid; yet he looked on Mr. Ruffe/ as one of the first he should have applied to for the Money, though, if he had died, be should have looked on the others for Payment — that when Mr. Belchier canvassed, he likewise opened the Witness’s House.

Mrs. Cowdry said Mr. Rujfel promised he would give her Husband, who is (ince dead,' Four Guineas if he voted for Sir Joseph Mawbey — that (he went to Mr. Rujfel, and received the Money, and gave it to Ijer Husband.

And being asked at what Time the Conversation passed with Mr. Ruffe/ about voting — said it was before the polling — in hcrHulband’s House; that there were People

Vot; $2.

present, but she could not tell how many. — Mr. S<«itfi«ark

a Corn Factor, was there, and she believes, heard the ElecJion. Conversation — her Husband told her he should have vtoted for Mr. Belchier, but that Sir JJeph gave

him the Four Guineas.

: And being again a(ked the Question, declared (he was sure her Husband said he should have voted for Mr.

Belchier but for the Four Guineas- — only that Mr. RuJJ'el gave him the Money — When he paid the Money, he did not mention any thing about Sir Joseph Mawbey; he did not mention his Name. 1

The Committee then came to the following Resolution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Edward Rujfel, Esquire, did not act as Agent for Sir Joseph Mawbey, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

( Whereupon the Counsel for the Petitioner declared* they were instructed not to give the Committee any further Trouble.

Then the Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Joseph Mawbey, Baronet, is duly elected a Bur-, gels to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey. - .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petition of William Belchier, complaining of an. undue Election and Return of Sir Joseph Mawbey,

Baronet, for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, is vexatious, frivolous, and groundless.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agrefed to by the House.

Ordered, That William Belchier, Esquire, having preferred to this House a groundless, frivolous, and vexatious Petition, complaining of the Election and Return of Sir Joseph Mazvbey, Baronet, to serve in this present Parliament as a Burgess for the Borough of Southwark, da-make Satisfaction to the said Sw'Joseph Mawbey for the Cost's and Expences he has been put unto.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Leatl>er. consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the '

Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in.

Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool; -

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Bridgewater Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an un- Election, due Election and Return for the Borough of Bridge-water, in the County of Somerset.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded; and having dated, that there are three distinct Divisions within Bridgewater, commonly known by the Names of The Borough, The Eastern and Western Divisions of the Parish of Bridgewater', and, having alledged that the Inhabitants of the said Eastern and Western Divisions had never voted, or ever claimed a Right to vote, in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, submitted to the House, whether the Resolution, which the House came to on Thursday last, viz. " That the Inhabitants of " the Borough of Bridgewater, paying Scotland Lot,

" have a Right to vote in the Election of Members " to serve in Parliament for the said Borough,"

4 L meant

1

Calder

Navigation

314 14* — 150 Martii. 1769

meant to extend to the Inhabitants of the said Eastern and Western Divisions.

And the said Counsel examined a Witnest, in order to shew that the Inhabitants of the Eastern and Western Divisions of the Parish of Bridgewater had never voted, nor ever claimed a Right to vote, in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Inhabitants of the Eastern and Western Divisions of the Parish of Bridgewater have no Right to vote, in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater; but that the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants of that Division of the said PariQi which is commonly called The Borough, paying Scotland Lot within the said Division, and in them only.

And the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And One of the Counsel for the Sitting Members acquainted the House, That the House having come to the said Refclution, and to the Resolutions of Thursday last, relative to the Right of Election for the said Borough of Bridgewater, he was instructed by the Right honourable John James Perceval\ commonly called Lord Viscount Perceval, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to acquaint the House, that the said Lord Perceval could not maintain a Majority of legal Votes in his Favour; and therefore desired to give the House no further Trouble.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put That the Right honourable John James Perceval, commonly called Lord Viscount Perceval, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Benjamin Allen, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset.

Resolved, That the Honourable Anne Poulett is duly, elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House imrriediately, with the Return for the Borough of Bridgewater, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Name of the Right honourable John James Perceval, commonly called Lord Viscount Perceval, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and inferring the Name of the Honourable Anne Poulett instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attending according to Older, amended the said Return accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 150 die Martii; Anno 9* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1769. Prayers.

Hehhle Bridge, in the County of York; and for repealing an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty, for those Purposes; and setting forth, That if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in the Form it now stands, the Petitioners apprehend, it will be very injurious to them, and others under the like Circumstances: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may a(Fed them; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House may appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Blackftfan Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of Bridge the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Roa"* making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, St. George, Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and Lewi/ham, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have seen and pertifed a Bill depending in the House, for making a Road from the South End of Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road crols St. George's Fields; and from thence to some Place near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey', which, the Petitioners apprehend, xif passed into a Law in the Form it now stands, would greatly decrease the Income of the Tolls under their Direction, and prejudice the Security of the several Creditors who have advanced Money on the said Tolls, and will likewise bring a much greater Expence upon the said Trust; and that a Part of the Roads, which are most proper for the collecting and securing the Tolls made payable by the said Act, will, by the said intended Ad, be taken out of the Direction of the Petitioners:

And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill which they apprehend may affect them or the Creditors, and receive such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* ‘ sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: and that the Petitioners be heard, by theif Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Grid . Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the' feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against thefeid Petition.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, td whom Lon* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An-Ad Ca^",‘ for vesting certain Lands, in the Parish of Chtflehurfi, in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of Thomas Farrington, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to convey: the same to Charles Lord Camden; and for settling Lands, to be taken in Exchange; and for laying out Money arising by Sale thereof, in other Lands* Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the fame’

Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examine

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and ed the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Traders, of the Town of Halifax, and the Neigh- true; and that the Parties concerned had given their bourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Commit-was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of tee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill for extending and continuing navigable the the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Andi River Calder, to or near Sowerby Bridge, in the Parish of lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Halifax; and for making navigable the River Hebble, And the said Bill was read-the Third Time*

Nafigs or Halifax Brook, from Brook's Mouthy to Salter Resolved, That the Bill do pass;

2i Ordered,

9 Geo. III.

15° Ma

Black Friars Bridge Road.

Oxford

to

Coventry

CanaL

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of several Owners of Houses and Ground, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and of several of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black-Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross St. George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near -the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey; and setting forth, That many Parts of the Bill, as it now Hands, will materially prejudice the Petitioners, under several different Circumstances: And therefore praying. That they may he heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, or may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit. Y

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heat’d, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, that the Bill, which they observe is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, if carried into a Law, will be destructive of the Public Good, and Safety of this Nation, as tending to the Prejudice of the Coal and Goading Trade thereof, and to the lessening the Number of Seamen belonging the reto: And therefore praying. That they may have such Relief against the said Bill, and all Inland Navigations having the like destrudive Tendency, as to the . House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Cockermooth

Writ.

Norwich

to

Great

Yarmouth

Ebbtrfton

Ifidofuic.

Mr. Harbord reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending the Road from Bishops-gate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called the Two-Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caftar Causeway, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to b\e true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to feveril of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Lascelles jeported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Ebberston, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which

Vol. 32.

they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and4 afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, uport the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bilb;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Buigefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, in the room of Sir George Macartney 5 who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Sfcriff Hatton whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Town-ships of Sheriff Hutton and West Lilley, in the Parish of Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee,(except the Lord Carlisle, who is a Minor, and beyond the Seas, and who is possessed of 3 Roods and 32 Perches of Land intended to be inclosed, and also to a Right of After-eatage upon 22 Acres; and that his Steward is named a Commissioner in the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands interided to be inclosed consists of 2679 Acres, or thereabouts) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his fMace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and theri a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quefr tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be4 ingrafted.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants residing in or near Swaledale, in the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is* as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; a Mem-' ber present informed your Committee, that he is well acquainted with the Road mentioned in the Petition, which is very ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law, and that the repairing thereof would be of public Utility.

Another Member present informed the Committee, that it would be necessary to lay an additional Toll, for effectually repairing the said Road, which would be otherwise impracticable.

OrderedfThzt it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Act for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmoreland*, and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Castle, to Rayter Qrofs$ and also the Road from

Btwes,

See.

Roads.

3i 6 Martii. 1769.

from Maiden CaRle to the Coal Works, at Taylor Rig, and to Tan Hilly and Kings Pits; and also the Road from Barrow Brozv, to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties^ is committed; that they have Power to make pTQvifvon in the said Bill for repairing the Road front Tan Hill, and Kings Pits, to Beck Crooks, and from thence to Pune hat t Pasture West Gate, and Whaw Lane Heady and to Orkle Towh9 and to the Market Town of Reeth.

Gaintburgh Mr. IVhichcot reported from the Committee, to whom Stroet* the for the more effectual paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, in the Town of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln; and for laying a Duty on all Coals brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the same to such Purposes; was committed; That the ' Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, w. in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.'

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, postponed.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

# Resolved, That the Bill be re-comruitted.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Haxbr . Sir George Savile reported to the (pommittee, to Iriclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, and the Moor or Common, within, the Townflbipof Haxby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con fen t to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 23 Acres, and an Half of Land, and- of 5 Messuages or Frontsteads; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to the several Persons interested in the Inclosure, consists of 296 Ac Fes, and 62 Messuages or Frontsteads); and that no Ter-fop appeared before the Committee to oppdfe the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ipade several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, withtbe Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, apd the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hutton Mr. Montogu reported from the Committee, to whom ^dosure^ ^le Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable F^Ids, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and otfyer Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Hutton Cra'jJwick, in the East Riding of County of York, was committed, That the Com-rrjif.tee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Four Houses, having Right of Common upon the said Fields and Lands, who could not be found; and that the whole Quantity*of Land intended to be inclosed amounts to 93 Oxgangs and a Half of Land; and the whole Number of Houses having Right of Common therein are 142); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, CaMcr adjoining and near to the River Colder, between PVake~ Navlgati<»* field and Sower by Bridge, in the County of Yorkr, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that., a Bill is now depending the rein, for extending, and continuing Navigable, the River Calder, from Wakefield, to or near Sower by Bridge; and also, for making Navigable the River Hebble, from Brooks Mouth to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the County of York; and for repealing an Act passed for the like Purposes, in the Thirty-fird Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to observe to the floufe, that the said Navigation was in a great Measure completed in Pursuance of the said Act of Parliament, and the great Advantages thereof very sensibly felt by . the Petitioners, and all others occupying Lands, near to, and within the Limits of, the said Navigation, but that the same was soon afterwards destroyed by the Rapidity of several very high and uncommon Floods, so that the Petitioners have ever since been deprived of the Benefit thereof: And therefore.pray. That the said Bill-may pass into a Law, with all such Powers as may be necessary and proper for restoring and continuing to the Petitioners the great Advantages of the said Navi- f gation, in such Manner as to the House shall seem* meet.. _ ,

A Petition of several Merchants, Traders, Manu- Ditto,. A fasturers, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, and others, near the River Calder, was also presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; 2nd ' setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that 1 Application is intended to be made to the House,. to ' prevent Coals being carried down the said Rivers; and^ that there is great Plenty of Coals in the Lands lying 1 contiguous t of the laid Rivers, to a'very great Exteiit jd yet, notwithstanding such Plenty, neither the^Owners'. of such Copla, nor the Consumers thereof, reap thei.

Benefit they would do, if, by a larger Confiimption,; greater Encouragement was given to open more Pits, and to raise Coals from the lower and better Beds; and that 1 the Petitioners humbly apprehend, (ueb Encouragement can only be given, by.suffering Coals to be carried down’ the' fjiid Rivers, which would encourage Lime to be brought up cheaper than heretofore, all which would tend to the great Advantage of the Owners and Occupiers of Land$, the Owners of Coals, and the Trade and Manufactures of this Country: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, without laying any Restraint whatsoever to prevent Coals being carried down the said Navigation.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House was moved that the Report, which, upon African

Thursday Company.

J

G$o. III.

I50 Ma

Account: Money belonging to Suitors la Chancery.

Tting,

*C.

Hoads*

Stevenage,

&c.

Hoads,

Ifitchin,

Ac.

Hoads*

Hyffip

Inclosure.

Supply.

Thursday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, was referred, and was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again reitd.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, 16 Whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed, that Mr* Sniith, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door: he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Balances of the dead Cash and Securities in the Bank of England, belongirtg to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from the Year 1739, to the 13th March, 1769, inclusive; distinguishing the dead Calli from the Securities in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

‘ And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be perUfed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the otheij ' Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That all have 1 Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Turing, in the County of Hertford, through Dunstable*, Hit chin, Baldock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridge; and from the West End of Wellbury Lane, to the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and Cambridge, is committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Sikth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, and the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Radwell Corner, to the Turnpike Road at Arlefey, in the County of Bedford; is committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through 'SJiefford to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Roads from Shefford Way Post, to the Turnpike Road at Arlefey, and from the North End of Henlotv to Big-glefwade, in the County of Bedford; is committed*

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committtee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing several Woods, and Woodlands, and a certain.Close, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of St. Catherine End, in the Parish of Ryflip, in the County of Middlesex, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfef into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; *

Ordered, That Surplufes stated the 5th of April 2 768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 10th Day of October 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 32*

Then the Hoilfe te(olv£d itself intd tfce said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the.Com* tnittee. r,

Mr; Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee*

That they had corrie ttf several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitwbtth also acquainted: the House;

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that? they may have Leave to fit again.

Refofioed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

V

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to' Wats resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to an<* ^can*i consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing; Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, of Clauses, for the more effectual and convenient Quarter* ing of His Majesty’s Troops in America.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left tjbe Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth. took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee Qf the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutionswhich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the# whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

4 M Ordered,

Mutiny

and-Defection; Artitriea.:

Duties on Leather.

31

15’ — r 5"

A.1769.

such Purposes j was re-committed? That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill? which they had directed him to report to the House? and he read the Report in his Place? and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Afternoon,

Chamber.

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Six of the Clock. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout ?

And he moved the House accordingly. and then a Second Time, One by One? and, upon the

Militia: Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to prepare Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

Estimatcof an Estimate of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for House.

ray, «c. jjC Year ^69: That the Bill with the Amendments, be

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Cooper, Sir ingross’ed.

Charier Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this -

Mr. tVhichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Justices of the Peace in the General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings wherein the Affixes or Grand Sessions are usually held, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill? and which theyjhad directed-him to report to the House? and he read the Report ia his Place? and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout ? and then a Second Time, One by One ? and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Prayirs. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ingrossed.

Shire Hall| Sc c.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° d Martii;

Anno 9* Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1769.

DA* of

Marlborough

and

Mertoa College

£xcii*ogc.

Essex County Goal.

LORD Charles spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the rngrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and for effecting an Exchange of Lands between) the Most noble George Duke of Marlborough, and the Warden and Scholars of Merton College, in was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee ? and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Kefolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords $ and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir William Maynard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace within the County of Essex, assembled at the last General Quarter Sessions was referred, That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read ? and is as followeth? viz.

Claypole,

JocJofure.

Mr. Bacon p relented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste-Grounds, in the Lordship of Claypole, within the Manor and Parish of Clay-pole, in the County of Lincoln: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lqfcelles reported from the Committee, to whom Ebberfloa the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Inclosure. Grounds, Commons, and Wades within the Township of Ebberjlrm, in the County of York ? and for other Purposes therein mentioned? was re-committed? That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House ? and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout ? and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Gainsburgh

Paving.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Common Gaol of the County of Essex: And that Sir William Maynard, Mr. Luther> Sir Anthony Abdy, and Mr. Cray, do' prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wluclicot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Public Passages, in the Town of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln; and for laying a Duty on all Coals brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the same to 18

Sir George Suttie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of his iate Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Dunglass Bridge, in the Town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Rayed-Jhaugbburn, in the County of Haddingtoun, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and that, the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by House.

Ordered, That thfc Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Haddingtoun, 6cc. ' Jtoadf.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring

Wiggirtton

Inclosure.

9 ^E(x III.

in, a Bill, pursuant ta the Prayer of the Petition of Hewley Baines, of Bell Hally in the County of York* Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Wiggiuiony in the said County, and Owner of several ancient Messuages, Cottages, and Frontfleads, at Wigginton aforesaid, Thomas Mojley, of Wigginton aforesaid, Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of Wigging ton aforesaid, and the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set. *

kc^ure.0 Mr. D&niclLafcelles presented to the House, according to Order, a' Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds of the Township of Wiggintmw in the County of York: And the same was received» and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Lftneham Mr. Willoughby presented to the House, according tp Drainage. Order, a Bill for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Low Grounds, in the Parishes or Townships of Lancham, Rampton, Trejwclly South Leverton, North Let vertony HabblejlhorpCj otherwise ApeJihorpey Littlehr oughi Sturtony Fenton and Weff Burton, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read thp First Time. - . *

Rffplved* That the Bill be read a Second Time,

fcmlrliorpei Mr. Edward Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Youlthorpe, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true i and t that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to

f the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

1 Another of the Amendments, made by the Committee

to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, upon the Question put thereupon, was postponed.

The Befidue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed with respect to the Amendment which has been postponed.

' Resolved, Thamhe said Bill be re-committed to the

Committee, to whom the same was committed.

jTdbridge* Lord George Sackville presented to the House, ac-I cording to Order, a Bill to amend an Act of the Fifth

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone> and from Wats Cross to Cowden% in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Repair of the Road born Wats Cross to Cowden; and for repairing the Roads leading from Severwakes Common, to Crockhurfi Hatch Corner, and from Penfhurst Town to Southborough, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Irrfcfcr Ordered* That Sir Anthony Abdy do make the Report ladofore. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable

VOL.32.

Lands and Grounds, fhjj T&mlet of JCnufiotty in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton, was committed.

Sir Anthony Abdy accordingly reported Tfom the said Committee, That the Committee hacj examined the AL* legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned had given their Cofc-sent to the Bill, to’ the Satisfaction of the Committee;

(except the Owner of 7 Acres of Land, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are near 1000 Acres;) and that no Person appeared pefore the Committee to oppqfe the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, T^at the said Bill he re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom DarleyMoor the Bill for repairing and widening the Boad from Roads. Parley Moor, in the County of Derby, to Ellaston, in the County of Stafford% and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the fai4 Counties of Derby and Stafford\ was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fqijnd the same to be true 5 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques? tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordeiedy That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill to impower the High Court of Chancery to Impowerin* lay out, upon Government Securities, a further Sum r/?hourt of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, ^lay^ut* out of the Common and General* Calli in the Bank of certain England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; Money, and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptant-General of the said Court; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Whitworthy according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House,. to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme were read; and are as f6itow-eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-seven thousand Five hundred Thirty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the Filth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, in respect of Five Millions borrowed, by virtue of an Act made in

16° Ma

3 >20 16° Martii. A. 1709

the Thirty^first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Nine hundred Thirty Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the Fifth Day Of April One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, in respect of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds borrowed, by virtue of an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Duties on Sir Charles Whitworth* according to Order, reported lhcr* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland* Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool* the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties of Excise, payable upon Seal Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, within this Kingdom, be taken off.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in lieu thereof, a Duty of Excise be laid upon Seal Skins, which shall be tanned, tawed, or dressed, in this Kingdom, after the Rate of One Penny Half-Penny for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such Skins.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be applied to such Uses as the said Duties to be taken off are now appropriated unto.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, f agreed to by the House.

Westminster A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Paving. That the Bill for raising a Fund, for completing the several Purposes of the Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of Westminster* and Parts adjacent, and for other Purposes, be now read a Second Time.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

H'

HKSsu 19°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. *" 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the Fifth Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ditto* The House was moved, that the Petition of the Rector,

Churchwardens, and Veftiymen, of the Parish of St* George Hanover Square* in the City and Liberty of Westminster* and County of Middlesex; and also the

Petition of the several Nobility, and the humble Petitioil of several Gentlemen, Vestrymen, and other Gentle* men, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Parish of St.

Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex which were presented to the House upon Monday last, and theri ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill should be read a Second Time; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House* to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions. 1

Ordered, That the Petition of several of the Nobility, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Vestrymeii, and other Gentlemen and Tradesmen, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George* Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex* and Liberty of Westminster* which was presented to the House upon Monday the 6th Day of this Instant March* and then ordered to lief upon the Table; be referred to the said Committee*

i*.

An ingrossed Bill for railing Money to discharge St ittetfofa* Debts contracted in taking down and re-building the ' Church, Parish Church, Tower, and Spire, of Saint Nicholas, in Bnfoh the City of Bristol* and for rebuilding the Spire; and for other Purposes; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the BUI do pass j And that the Title be.

An Act for raising Money to discharge Debts contrafted for re-building the Parish Church and Tower of Sahst Nicholas* in the City of Bristol; and to re-build the Spire, and complete the said Church , and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale do carry the Bill lo the L6rds, and desire their Concurrence.

- The other Order of the Day bring read; Oxford

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the to Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom Coventry the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, CanaL from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry* to the City of Oxford* was committed.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the several Masters and Owners of Ships employed in the Coasting Trade, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, (no Counsel appearing in Behalf of the Petition of the Right honourable Spencer Earl of Northampton* and the humble Petition of William Sheldon* Esquire, Proprietors of several Lands in the County of Warwick* on Behalf of themselves and several others, Proprietors of Lands, in the Counties of Warwick* Oxford* and Gloucesterf) and likewise the Counsel for the Bill, were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the said Petition of the several Masters and Owners of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coasting Trade, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also read. '

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses in support of the Allegations of the said Petition; and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Bill was heard, and examined several Witnesses in support thereof; and went through his Evidence.

And Ojie <?f the Counsel for the Petitioners being heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Three Months;

The

9 Geo. III.

16° — 170 Martii. 321

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T Y*\*J*r- \ 37-

W.rsror.h.Noes,}^^4'’"- } ">

So it passed in the Negative.

Then several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally rtad a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Repdrt be adjourned till Monday Morning next 4

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 170 Martii;

Anno 90 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

Youlthorpe A /TR. Edward Lascelles reported from the Commit-n ofum J^VA tee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Youlthorpe, in the Fast Riding of the County of York, was re-committed. That the Committee had made One other Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Macdesfidd An ingrossed Bill tp repair and widen the Road from &c. the Broken Cro/s in Macclesfield, in the County of Road* Chester, over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the

Turnpike Road in Nether 'Tabley, in the said County; and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road; was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repair and widen the Road from the Broken Cro/s in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, over the Long Mcfs and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether Tabley, in the said County; and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Legh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Enter, &c. A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Two Roads. Acts for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for repairing and widening the Way or Street from the Causeway at the Bottom of St, David's Hill, through Northgate Street, to St, Paul's Street, and rendering the Passage thereof more commodious; and for opening a Road or Highway from St, David's Hill, through HoweL's Lane, to the Oxford Inn, near the East Gate of the said City; and for re- pairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Exweek Cross, to the Smith’s Shop near Cowley Bridge, in the County of Devon; and also for repairing and widening, or re-building, Exe Bridge, in the County of Devon, and County of the City of Exeter, and for removing Obstructions in certain Ways or Streets leading from the said Bridge; and also for repairing and Vol. 32.

widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near Bars Hill Oak Corner, to the Turnpike Road at the Red Poll leading to Riding Lane; and for erecting a Bridge at or near a Ford called Countess Wear, in the County of Devon; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Yonge, Mr. Ruller, &c.: And they are to meet this Act-ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom Stevenage the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, and the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Radwell Corner, to the Turnpike Road at Arlefey, in the County of Bedford; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Ofoaldwrlck Open Grounds, lying in Ojbaldwick, with Gate Helmfley, Hdofure. and Peterland Row, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds, lying in Ojbaldwickr, with Gate Helmfley, and Peterland Row, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Scole Bridge Road from Scole Bridge, to the Place where the East Road. Gate lately stood, in the Town of Bury in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge, to the Place where the East Gate lately stood, in the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk,

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, tq whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, An Act &c# passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for Road# repairing the Road from Hit chin, in the County of , Hertford, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Roads from Shefford Way Post, to the Turnpike Road at Arlefey, and from the North End of Henlow, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once '

4 N read

-5

Norwich

to

Great

Yarmouth

Road

Norwich

to

Scole Bridge Road.

Rolled

Estates.

Cheadle,

&c.

Road.

322 17°

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to tiy the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for amending the Road from gate Bridge, in the City of N, to a Stone formerly

called the Two-Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister causezvay, Two Miles and a Half short

of the Town of Great Yarmouth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending the Road from Bishops-gate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called the Two-Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister Caujeway, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Harborddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for discharging certain Estates of Denys > Esquire, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, from the Uses thereof limited and declared; and for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the Purchase Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; and so* settling other Estates in the County of Devon, of greater Value, to the like Uses: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to But ter ton Moor End, in the County of Stafford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Martii. 1769,

Mr. Walter presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing certain Common and Commonable Places in the Parish of Horjington, and

Mapperton, in the County of Somerset: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of and for amending the Roads to Lancloudy Hill, and

Langua Bridge; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, Mr . Nor they,&c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Thomas Claverittg presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common in the Township of Thorn/ey, in the Parish of Wolfingham, and within the Manor of Brancepeth, in the County Palatine of Ditrham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill to rebuild the Shire Hall of the County of Nottingham; and for using the Guild Hall of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, for the Purposes of a Shire-Hall in the mean Time; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to re-build the Shire Hall of the County of Nottingham; and for using the Guild Hall of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, for the Purposes of a Shire Hall in the mean Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Stinted Pastures, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Poppleton, and a Piece of Waste Ground, called Scaglethorpe Moor, in the Manor of Scaglethorpe, all in the County of the City of York, which Bill was upon Monday last read a Second Time, and commited;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Sir Charles Whinvorth reported from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1769, That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

ESTIMATE

Horfington

Inciolure.

Hereford

Roads.

Brancepeth

Inclosure-

Nottinghiai Shire HaiL

Poppleton

Indofuxe.

Militia

Pay and Clothing.

9 Geo. III. 1.70 Martii. 323

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1769.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at 1 j. each, 28 Days -

Ditto to 70 Adjutants, at 6 j. a Day each -

Ditto to 1,542 Serjeants, at x s.a Day each ——

Ditto to 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d.a Day each -

For additional Pay to 30,840 private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s.6 a Week each -Ditto - - to 70 Drum Majors, at 6 d.a Day each -

Ditto - - to 1,542 Corporals, at 6 d.a Day each, 28 Days -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at /.5o a Year each -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Sub-division Meetings, computed at Ditto to each Regiment, Battalion, and independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6 d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer -Clothing for 30,840 private Men, at /. 1.10 s.each -

Ditto - for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3. 10 j. each -

Ditto - for 1,200 Drummers, at £. 2. each -

For additional Pay for Clothing 54 Serjeant Majors and 54 Drum Majors, at/. 1. each Subsistence to 498 Captains, at 7 s. 6 d. per Day for 28 Days -Subsistence to 561 Lieutenants, including Two Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3 s.6 d.each, for 28 Days -

Ditto to 435 Ensigns, at 3 s. each, for 28 Days - -

43»I7

7,665

28,141

10,950

6,168

455

638

1,079

3»5°°

4,000

d.

10

I5 — 8 —

10,023 — — 46,260-----

5>397 -

2,400-----

108-----

5>229 -

2,748 18 — . 1,827-----

179,766 11 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Whitechapel A Petition of divers Freeholders, Farmers, and others Streets. of the County of EJJ'ex, was presented to the House, and

read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving such Parts of the Parish of St. Mary otherwise,

and the Precinct of Wel , as lie in the County of Middlesex, and Liberty of the Tower of , and

Parts of certain Streets adjoining to the said Parish and Precinct, and for opening such Passages as are therein mentioned; and setting forth, That, by the said Bill, several Tolls are proposed, which will greatly injure the Petitioners, and affect the Trade and Tillage of the said County of Essex; and the Market, which is proposed by the said Bill to be kept in the High Street of Whitechapel where it now is, cannot, as the Petitioners apprehend, Jbe kept there on the new Pavement, without great Inconvenience to the Petitioners and the Public, and ought to be removed: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law. v Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Essex Sir William Maynard presented to the House, accord-County Gaol. |ng to Qrcjer^ a Qil] for re-building the Common Gaol of the County of Essex: And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

VOL. 32.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Pengate to Latchetts Bridge, and other Roads in the County of Wilts, so far as relates to the Second District of Road contained in the said Act; and for amending several other Roads near adjoining to the said Roads; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Pengate to Latchetts and other Roads in the County of Wilts', and for amending several Roads near adjoining to the said Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Philip Earl of Hardwicke, and humble Petition of Richard Sutton, Esquire, and others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Land, and otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Pavenham, in the County of Bedford.

Mr. Ongley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Corny mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberty of Pavenham, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant

Pengatej

See.

Roads.

Pavenham

Inclosure.

Fleckney

inclosur*.

Charminster

Inclosure.

Thurlfton

Inclosure.

Sandon

Inclosure.

Impowcring the Court of Chancery to lay out certain Money.

324 17* Martii. 1769.

suant to the Prayer of the Petition of divers Proprietors of Land in the Open and Common Fields, within the Lordship or Liberties of Fleckney in the County of Leicester.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Fleckney, in the county of : and the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jennings be added to the Gentlemen-who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of William Taunton, Esquire, John Deventfi, Gentleman, George , Gentleman, Thomas Taunton, Gentleman, and others, whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested, in several Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Dorset.

Mr. Jennings presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Dorset: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Thurlflon, otherwise in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. nel!, Mr. Nortkey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sundon, in the County of was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 99 Acres, 2 Roods, and 31 Perches of Land; and also the Proprietor of One Cottage having Right of Common on the said Lands, who being applied to refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be inclosed amounts to, 1,577 Acres, and 34 Perches, and the whole Number of Cottages having Right of Common, are Eleven); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feveially put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out of the common and general Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptanc-General of the said Court; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Annual Balances

»7

of the dead Cacti and Securities in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancer}', from the Year 1739, to the 13th of March 1769, inclusive, distinguishing the dead Cash from the Securities in each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Anthony Abdy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Anthony Abdy reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, with the Return to the Writ for eleding a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in

the room of John Wilkes, Esquire, adjudged incapable of being elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament, and whose Election for the said County had been declared void.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending according to Order;

The said Writ and Return were read.

And it appearing by the Return, that John Wilkes, Esquire, was elected, and returned, to serve as a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Middlesex;

The House was moved, that the Entries in the Votes of the House, upon the 17th Day of February, of the Proceedings of the House, upon the Return to the Writ for eleding a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the room of John Wilkes, Esquire, expelled this House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Election and Return of John , Esquire, who hath been by this House adjudged incapable of being elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament, are null and void;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative. 1

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Election and Return of John , Esquire, who hath been by this House adjudged incapable of being elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament, are null and void.

And a Motion being made. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the room of John Wilkes, Esquire, who hath been by this House adjudged incapable of being elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament, and whose Election and Return have been declared null and void;

And the House" being informed, that Mr. John Smith, Under Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, attended at the Door, who could give the House some Account of the Proceedings at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex j he was called in j and, at the Bar, informed the House, that he was present at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex; that no other Candidate was proposed but John Wilkes, Esquire; and that no Elector gave or tendered his Vote for any other Person than the said Mr. Wilkes.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

Middlesex Election; Mr. Wilkes.

9 Geo. III.

17° — 20° Martii.

3?5

Ryflip

lodafare.

the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room of John fVilkes, Esquire, who hath been adjudged incapable of being elected a Member to serve ’in this present Parliament, and whose Election and Return have been declared null and void,

Mi&rii. The Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing,

an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for 'inclosing and dividing several Woods arid Woodlands, and a certain Close, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of St. Catherine End, in the Parish of Ryjlip, in the County of was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mutiny Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee of and the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout $ and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning n$xt, Nine of the Clock.

Claypoie

Inclosurt

Roads.

VOL. 3a.

Lienee, 20° die Martii;

Anno 9* Georgii III. U Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open fields.

Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Claypoie, within the Manor and Parish of ( Claypoie, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill' be committed to Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Darner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill to continue, and render more ef- Stevenage* feftual, several Acts, palfed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, and the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from RadweB Corner, to the Turnpike Road at in

the County of Bedford; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, and the Twenty eighth Year of his late.

Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and other ltoads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Radwell Corner, to the Turnpike Road at Arlefey, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Tanners, whose Names are there-unto subscribed, residing within the Counties of Nor- 6ark folk and Suffolk, was presented to the*House, and read; PfefCTvw»®n. Complaining of the great Scarcity of Oaken Bark, which, the Petitioners alledge, is owing to the felling or lopping of Oak Wood out of the Peeling Season, or by not peeling the same when felled.or cut within the Barking Season; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the present Waste and Spoil of Oak Bark continue, the Amount of the Duties charged on Leather, and payable on the Weight thereof as it comes out of the Vat, must considerably decrease; and that the Revenue will be thereby considerably lessened, and the Consumer injured; and that the Superiority of English Leather to other Leather manufactured abroad is lolely owing to the peculiar Qualities of Oak Bark, when used in proper Quantities, in the Tanning thereof; and that such Scarcity may in great Measure be remedied, if not totally avoided, by niitable Regulations to prevent the future Waste and Spoil thereof: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give Leave for the bringing in a Bill for prohibiting the present Waste and Spoil of Oaken Bark, and for preserving and peeling the fame, so that the Tanners may be supplied with the Quantities of Oaken Bark which the real Growth thereof will furnish, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Act ley, Mr. Bacon, See.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

4 O Sir

Irchester

Inclosure.

Clyde

Hivefi

Sudbrook

Inclosure.

Sheriff

Hutton

Inclosure.

326 ao° Mar tit. A. 1769-

Sir Anthony Abdy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Knufton, in the Parish of , in the County of Northampton, was re-committed. That the

Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments were necessary to be made to the said

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.* Where the same was read; and is followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, was read: And,

Mr. John Golborn, being examined, said, That he

made*a Survey of the River Clyde, in < lash:

That it is, in many Places, from Four Feet to One Foot deep, with many Bars, by which the Navigation, in its present State, is unfit to answer the necessary Purposes of the Public.

That he has considered the said Act, and is of Opinion that the Navigation may be better improved by straitening, embanking, and dredging the River, than by the Method prescribed in the said Act; which is by Locks and Dams.

That the most proper Method, in the Opinion of the Witness, is by confining the Channel to a proper Breadth, which is now much too wide; and by dredging the Bottom, which is in many Places so hard a Gravel, that the Current cannot operate so as to scour it: But that he is of Opinion, that if these Beds of Gravel were dredged or ploughed, and the Channel contrafted, a proper Depth of Water would be obtained, as the Reflux of the Current will then be sufficient to scour the Channel, so as to procure Seven Feet Water, at moderate Spring Tides, at Broomy Law, and at least Four Feet Water at all Tides.

That he estimates the Expence at 8,640} and think it may be done without any Increase of Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glafgcnv, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells: And that the Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. Edmoiftone, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Cufi be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tythes, and Common Right, within the Liberties of Sudbrook, in the Parish of,

in the County of Lincoln.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Townships of Sheriff Hiuton and West Utley, in the Parish of Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York, was read the Third Time, ao

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Townships of Sheriff Hutton and West Lilley, in the Parish of Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds of the Township of in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Anthony Abdy, Sir Edward Aftley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Harbord do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stole Bridge, to the Place where the East Gate lately flood, in the Town of Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir Thomas Fludyer, Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manors and Parishes of Holyrood Ampney, otherwise Ampney Crucisand Ampney other-

wife Ashbrook, in the County of Gloucfter, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 68 Acres, who, being applied to, refuted to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, consists of 2,080 Acres;) and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House* according to Order, a Bill for the establishing and well-governing a House, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of penitent Prostitutes; and for extinguishing thfc Right of Common of arid in certain Lands, in St. George’s Fields, in the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the County of Surrey, And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rffolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Charley Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the County of Oxford, was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford, and of divers other Persons whose Names are subscribed: and also the Petition of Henry Dimock, Vicar of Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford; and had heard the First mentioned Petitioners by their Counsel, and had also heard Counsel for the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and

that

WWingtoa

Inclosure.

Scole Bridge Road.

CMppenfetf*

Writ.

Ampney

Incfofuie.

Magdalen

Charily.

Chipping

Norton

Inclosure.

'Supply Bill; Exchequer Bilk.

Quiet of the Subject.

Cublington

Inclosure.

Queen’s

College,

Oxford.

Sudbrook

Inclosure.

Maid (lone, &c. Road.

Geo. III. zt? Marti. 327

that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Proprietors of 16 Yard Lands and a Quarter of a Yard Land, and 24 Acres and a Quarter, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 185 Yard Lands and an Half, and about 34a Acres); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed that some other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill 1 Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be recommitted to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pafturos, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish, Liberties, or Precincts, of Cublington, in the County of -

karri, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Establishment of the Foundation of John Michel, Esquire, in The Queen's College, in the Univer-fity of Oxford; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Cujl presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Sudbrook, vi\th\n the Manor and Parish of Atb caster, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from through Debt-

ling, to Keystreet, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing,

in the County of Kent, was committed.

Mr. Marsham accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Vol. 3a,

A Bill to amend an Act of the Fifth. Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunbridge to M and from Wats Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Repair of the Road from Wats to Cowden; and for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoakes Common, to Crockhurst Hatch Comer, and from

Pen/hurst Town to Southborough, in the said County; was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BiH be committed' to Lord George Sackville, Sir Charles Whitworth, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, Robert Mylne, Surveyor, being examined, said, That the Fleet Prison, situate on the East Side of th Fleet

Market, in the City of London, is in so ruinous a Condition as to be unfit for the Purpose, unless the same be totally rebuilt.

That Ely House, situate in Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, and the Ground thereunto belonging, would afford proper Room and Accommodation for Prisoners usually committed to the said Fleet Prison, and might be fitted up for that Purpose at a much less Expence than rebuilding the said Prison; and that the Scite of the said Prison would be a proper and convenient Spot for the Fleet Market, the Removal of which would open a grand Communication between the Northern and Southern Parts of the Metropolis, and be of Public Utility.

Peter Roberts, Esquire, informed your Committee, That it hath been agreed between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Bishop of Ely, and the City of London, That Ely House and Premises shall be vested in His Majesty, to be converted into a Prison for the Reception of Prisoners usually committed to the Fleet Prison; and that the Scite of the said present Prison, with the Messuages and Grounds thereunto belonging, shall be vested in the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London, to be converted into a Market, in lieu of the said Fleet Market; but that such Agreement cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament,

And a Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting Ely House, in Holborn, with the Appurtenances, in the Crown, and the Scite of the Fleet Prison, with the Appurtenances, in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for making Compensation to the Lord Bishop of Ely and his Successors;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, informed the House, that His Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, had commanded him to acquaint the House, that His Majesty gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting Ely House, in Holborn, with the Appurtenances, in the Crown, and the Scite of the Fleet Prison, with the Appurtenances, in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for the Purposes therein mentioned: and for making Compensation to the Lord Bishop of Ely and his Successors: And that Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Alderman Trecothick, and Mr. Alderman Harley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Tunbridge,

&C.

Road.

Fleet Prison# See.

Southwark

&c.

Paving.

rfackfriars

Bridge

Road.

20® Marta. A. 1769.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching

the fames and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition.} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Peirfon, Clerk to the Commissioners of the Western Division, being examined, said, That the Commissioners have continued to put the said Act in Execution: That several of the Streets and Places, by the said Act directed to be paved, are (till unfinished} and they have expended more money than they have received, and are now £. 500. in Debt.

That the Street Tolls are now let oh Lease to Mr. Somerfall for Three Years, expiring at Mithaelmas next, for600. a Year: Thatby themaking theproposed Communications to Black Fryars Bridge, the Witness apprehends the said Tolls will be reduced near One Third; the Passengers parting over Black Fryars , being

exempted from paying to the Street Toll: That the present Lessee of the Tolls has declared he will not give so much for a Renewal of Lease as he does now: — That the Interest payable for the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls amounts to£. 525 per Annum.

Mr. George Wyatt, Surveyor for the Western Division, said. That the Sum necessary to complete the Streets already begun in this Division, will be £.3,868.

1 Thomas Watson, Esquire, and John Esquire,

confirmed the Evidence of Mr. , with respect to the Lessee.

Mr. Robert Tyler, Clerk to the Commissioners of the Eastern Division, being examined, said, That great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners; but that there are many Parts unfinished and others not yet begun to be paved; and there is now owing in the said Division £. 200 and upwards.

Hugh Meres, Esquire, informed your Committee, That the Inhabitants of the Borough of , contribute greatly to the Tolls on London and Black Fryars Bridges.

John Fellowes, Esquire, informed your Committee, That the Sum necessary to complete the Streets already begun in this Division, will be £.4,870. and upwards.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an lnftruflion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Fryars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross Saint George's Fields, and from thence to feme Place at -or near the House called the Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for completing the Pavements of the several Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of and Parts adjacent, which are already begun to be paved by virtue of an an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the said Town and Borough, and other Purposes;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Thrale reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviours, Southwark, and others, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, within the said Town and Borough of and in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in

the County of Surrey, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Levy, Esquire, being examined, laid. That it would be of great Public Convenience, if a Road or Street was made from the Road leading from Black Fryars from or near Christ Church, in a strait Line, through The Bell and Bear Inn, into the High Street of the Borough of Southwark: That there is rio Way at present from Black Fryars Bridge to the said Borough, for the Passage of Carriages coming from the East to the said Bridge, without going a Mile about, which would be prevented if such an Opening was made as he basdeferibed.

Simon Barratty, Esquire, Churchwarden of Si.

being examined, said, That a Convenient Opening may be made from Red Cross Street, fronting the End of Queen Street, through The Greyhound Inn, into the said Borough; and the Convenience would be extended, if an Opening was made from the Hig Street, opposite The Greyhound Inn, into King Street, in Snow's Fields, which would open an easy Communication between Black Fryars Bridge and the Eastern Parts of the said Borough:

That the Houses necessary to be taken down, to open such Communications, are the Property of the Parish, and would be taken down by them, and the Openings made at their Expence.

Arid a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Fryars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross Saint George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Nezvington Bit/ts, in the County of Surrey, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for making a Road or Way, from the Road to be made from Black Fryars Bridge, at or near Christ Church, in a strait Line, through The Bell and Bear Inn or from Red Cross Street, fronting the End of Queen Street, through The Greyhound Inn, into the High Street, in the Borough of Southwark;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Blackfrian whom the Petition of several Persons, being Inhabitants, Bridge Merchants, Tradesmen, and Proprietors of Estates, in Road* Blackman Street, Kent Street, Long Lane, Dirty Lane, and Gravel Lane, in the several Parishes of St. George, and St. Saviours Southwark, Newington, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth }

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Edward Cole, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road from Blackman Street, towards Black Fryars Bridge, is along a Lane, called Dirty Lane, which is in a very ruinous and dangerous Condition; and that the Entrance from Blackman Street is only Nine Feet Three Inches wide; that the Witness saw Men crushed to Death there, occasioned by the Narrownefsof the Passage.

Mr. Samuel Carter informed your Committee, That he was Foreman of the Coroner’s Jury upon Two Deaths, occasioned by the Narrowness of that Passage:

And both the Witnesses said, That there is a Skin Market near Dirty Lane, which is held Three Times a Week, at which a great deal of Business is done, and much more expected when Roads to Black Friars Bridge are completed.

That Dirty Lane leads to many Places of great T raffle, to which there is no other Passage, and which will

be

[ "

20 0 Martii.

Ditto*

Cirkh7 Thore iaciofure.

9 Geo. III.

be greatly resorted to when the Road is made to Black Fryars Bridge.

That, in order to make this Passage commodious, it will be necessary to take down the and to purchaie some Ground; that the Purchase of the said Inn and Ground, and making the Road of a sufficient Width and Goodness, will not exceed £. 1,200. That it would be of great Convenience to the Public, and to the Manufacturers and Traders in the Neighbourhood, if the said l’aflage was properly widened and repaired.

Mr. Thor old Low dell and Mr. Luke Lightfoot confirmed the above Evidence, with respect to the Expence of purchasing the said Inn and Ground, necessary to widen the Lane. x

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Fryars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road crols Saint George's Fields, and- from thence to some Place at or near the House called The Dog and , and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, is

committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for»widening and amending the Road through Dirty Lane, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, into Blackman Street, in the Parish of Saint Southwark;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and others, of the Counties of and SuJJ'ex: And

also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and others, of the County of Surrey j

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Fryars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross Saint George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called The Dog and , and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey; and setting forth, That if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands, it would be highly injurious to the Petitioners in several Inllances, and in particular would subject them to the Payment of an unnecessary and additional Toll and that the Petitioners apprehend, that all the good Purposes intended by the said Bill, may be attained without any additional Toll: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by thera-selves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may aflfect them, and may receive such Relief in the Premisesas shall seem just and reasonable to this House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of, the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Fetition of Sir William Dalfton, Knight, Lord of the Manor of Temple Sowerby, in the County of moreland, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing Down Nloor, in the Parish of Kirkby Thorc, in the County of Westmoreland-, and setting forth. That there are several Parts of . the said Bill, which, if palfed into a Law as they now stand, will greatlythe interest of the Petitioner, who, as Lord of the-Manor of Temple,

is, as he is adviitd, intitled to the Soil of the said Common, called Down Moor, as being Part of the Wastes and Commons belonging to the said Manor of Temple . VOL. 32.

329

Sozverby; and that some further Regulations are necessary than what are contained in the said Bill: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affedfc him; and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands; and that the Petitioner may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit. 1

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act of Mutiny the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Qe*"^on. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Ma- America.* jesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, Was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed be made to the Bill; viz.. ’

Pr. 2. 1. 32. To leave out " A £t of Assembly," and insert " Law of such Province, Colony, or Plantation."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, and further continuing, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in H is Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to African His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give ^orts» Directions, that a Survey be made, of the Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, which are under the Management of the Committee of Merchant? trading to Africa, by such Person or Persons, as His Majesty shall appoint for that Purpose;, and that a Report of the State and Condition of the said Forts and Settlements be prepared, in order to be laid before this House at the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by Idch Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Account Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the presented: Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Le»ther the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Drawbacks on Leather exported in North Britain, from Christmas 1761 to Midjummtr 1768; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of the Duties of Excise on Leather in North , from

Chriflmai 1761 to Midsummer ijtsS; distinguishing each

Y car: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks allowed on Boots, Shoes, Gloves, and other Manufactures of '

British Tanned Leather, exported, in North Britain, from Christmas 1761 to- Midsummer 1768; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be relerred to the 4 P Commit-

Account prdented; Leather*

African

Trade.

Duties on Leather.

Oxford

to

Coventry

Canal.

330

20* Martii.

A. 1769.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's and the Seas

adjacent,.the Tanners,.Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

The said Accounts are. preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders.

An Account of the Drawbacks on Leather exported, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1768} distinguishing

each Year: And also.

An Account of the Produce of the Duties on Raw Hides imported, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1768; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's , and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners lor Trade and Plantations, to take under their Consideration the State of the African Trade, and report the same to this House, with their Opinion whether the said Trade is capable of being improved and extended;

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's , and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool i

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-monw Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth aHo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

jth Day of April next, resolve kfetf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday the 5th Day of next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into ' further Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, was committed;

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Kingston ttpon Hull, was >7

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Bill, if carried into a Law, will be destrudive of the Public Good and Safety of this Nation, as tending to the Prejudice of the Coal and Coasting Trade thereof, and to the lessening the Number of Seamen belonging the reto: And therefore praying. That they may have such Relief against the said Bill, and all Inland Navigations having the like destrudive Tendency, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Anthony Abdy, according to Order, reported from Impou-ciing

Cor It Of Chancery

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon to jav e„, Government Securities, a further Sum of Money, not certain exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out of the Com- M^ney. mon and General Calli in the Bank of belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in atxthe Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Militia, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Ryllip Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for in- Inclosure. doling and dividing several Woods, and Wood-lands, and a certain Clole, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called

WestCoat Wood Close, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of St. Catherine End, in the Parish of Ryjlip, in the County of Middlesex, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

jellyj

And a Motion being made, that the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1769, be referred to the said Committee;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision, for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1760. as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, Inat the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir

9 Geo. III. 200 — 2

Sir Chafles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

( Xdred., That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir ChariesWhitworth, also acquai nted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. 1

Militia. The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce Into. One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Chafles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Inclosure. The other postponed Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing several Woods and Wood-lands, and a certain Close, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood , and the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of St, Catherine End, in the Parish of Ryftip, in the County of Middlesex, was re-committed;

- Mr. Jackson reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them w.ere disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Ameridments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 210

Anno 9* Georgii 1II,;I Regis, 1769. Prayers.

Cambridge IV T R Tozvnshend reported from the Committee, to Streets. JLvA whom the Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, of the University of ,who have

thereunto set their Common Seal, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of- the Town of Cambridge, who have thereunto likewise set their Common Seal, and of Vol. 32.

;l° Martii. 331

the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants of the said Town of Cambridge, in the county of ,

who have thereunto subscribed their Names, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; a Member present ihformed your Committee, That Cambridge is one of the principal Seminaries of Learning in this Kingdom, and is an ancient, great, and populous Borough, and much resorted to on account of the Trade and Navigation thereof.

That the Pavements in the Streets, Courts, Lanes, Ways, Alleys, and Public Passages, are very irregular, and much out of Repair, and several of them tod narrow, and extremely incommodious; and that many Nuisances and other Annoyances, are daily committed in the said Town. . ♦

That the principal Part of the said Town confiding of Old Houses and Buildings, frequent Fires happen in the Night, to the Danger of the Lives and Properties of the Inhabitants, and great Damage has bee’n sustained, which might in some Measure be prevented, if a regular Watch was kept within the said Town.

That the Streets of the said Town cannot be properly repaired, lighted, cleansed, and widened, or the nightly Watch regulated, by the Laws in being.

Hardinge Stracey, Esquire, confirmed the above Evi-

dence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving; cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge, for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Town: And that Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Jenytu, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cadogan, the Marquis of,

and Sir 7^ HyndeCotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for embanking, draining, and preferring certain Low Grounds, in the Parishes or Townships of Lanebam. Rampton , Trefwell, South North

verton, Habftlefthorse otherwise Apefthorpe,

Sturt on, Fenton, and West Burton, in the County of Not-

tingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Hamer, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Chipping Norton, and Salford, in the County of Oxford, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Oneand, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Hinckley, and other Places in the said Act mentioned; and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Leicester aforesaid, and of other

Places

Laneham

&t.

Drainage.

Chipping 1 Norton Inclosure.

Leicester

to

Hinckley

Road.

332 2i ° Mar1769.

Places adjoining or lying near to the said Road , was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at ' the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz. H

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said Act was read: And, Mr. Henry Surveyor of

the said District of Road, being examined, said, That . the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, together with the Tolls; hath been duly applied; but that the said Road cannot be completed, and the Money due and owing on the Credit of the said Act be repaid, unless some further Tolls, and the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a- Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road front Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence, through , to and

other Roads, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to the Town of and from Leicester to Hin, in the County of And that Sir John Palmer and Mr. Walter do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Broughton’s Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom Estatei. the in eroded Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees, certain Timber Trees and other Trees, (landing and being upon the Estates of Sir Thomas Broughton, in the Counties of Chester and Stafford-, and to enable them to fell, cut down, fell, and dispose of, the fame, and to lay out a competent Part of the Money, arising by the Sale thereof, in rebuilding the ancient Mansion House of the Family, called Dod~ dington Hall, in the said County of Chester, and the necessary Offices to be enjoyed therewith; and for other Purposes; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bjjl, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment;

Swinbum’s -Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, SftatM. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Swinburn, Esquire, in the County ' of Northumberland, and Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Trustees, in Trull to sell the same, and to lay out and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, in the County of Durham-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the' House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Charm 1 lifter Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common

ncQure. Mejlc)ow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons,

and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in

the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darner,

Mr. Page, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing certain Common and Common- Horsingim able Places, in the Parish of Horftngton, and I»closure. Mapperton, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walter,

Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Wolfingham Common, in the Township of Thornley, in the Parish of Inclosure. Woljinghaiu, and within the Manor of Brancepeth, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

'Mr Alderman Trecothick reported from the Com- Preventing mittee, to whom the Petition of the Leather Dressers, the gating Leather Sellers, Tanners of Sheep Skins, Glovers, ot8k,us* Breeches Makers, and Taylors, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others interested in the said Trades, residing within the Bills of Mortality, and other Places within this Kingdom, was referred,. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fa6t contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Fads contained in the said Petition is as follows;

It appeared to your Committee, by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne; that a Penalty of Two Shillings and Sixpence is laid upon every Butcher or other Person who shall wilfully or negligently gash, (laughter, or cut, any raw Hide of any Ox, Bull, Steer, or Cow, or offer such Hide to Sale, and of One Shilling for every Calf Skin so galhed,

Haughtered, and cut, or offered to Sale; and it also appeared to your Committee, by an Act made in the First Year of King James the First, that a Penalty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence for every Hide, was laid upon every Person who should forestall any Hides coming to any Fair or Market, or should buy any Hide but in Open Fair or Market, except of Persons killing any Beast for their own Use: And,

Mr. Richard Russell, a Fellmonger, being examined, said, That great Damage is done to Sheep, and Lamb Skins in the flaying, both through Carelefness, and often by wilful Negligence; and that the Witness had seen many of them so much damaged, that they were not.fit to be manufactured into Leather; and that the Witness has had Five Pounds flopped in Two or Three hundred Skins, on Account of the same being damaged in flaying: — That he has bought Skins by Contract before the Sheep or Lambs were killed by the Butcher; and that it has frequently been the Pradiceof the Trade so to do.

Mr. John Browning, being examined, said, That he has seen Numbers of Sheep and Lamb Skins gashed and cut to such a Degree, that they were not fit to be dressed into Leather.

Then some Skins were produced to your Committee, which appeared much gaflied and cut, and unfit for Use.

Mr. George Shipley, a Leather Dresser, being examined, laid. That last Year, out of Two hundred and Three thousand Skins, he was obliged to fell Eighty thousand for Twenty Shillings a Hundred less than theycoft, on account of their being cut, gaflied, and damaged in the flaying; and that Three thousand more

which

9 Geo III. 2i

Which cost him One hundred ajid Fifty Pounds, only fold for Forty-five Pounds j they being so extremely cut, were unfit for Manufacture.

And the Witness said. That the Method of purchasing Sheep and Lamb Skins of Butchers, was frequently by Contract by the Year or Season, so that the Purchaser was obliged to take them good and bad together; which was confirmed by Mr. John Warriner, a Leather Dresser.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the cutting and gashing of Sheep and Lamb Skins, and for enforcing the Sale of such Skins in Public Markets: And that Mr. Alderman and

Sir Edward Blackett do prepare, and bring ip, the fame.

Troughend Sir Edward Blackett reported from the Committtee, to Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common called Troughend Cin the Parish of Eifdon, in the County of Northumberland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Kirkbythore A Petition of Margaret Wharton, Spinster, John Isdofure. Hall Stephenson, Esquire, and Anne his Wife, and William Farquharson, Esquire, and Frances his Wife, on Behalf of themselves, and of Mary Wharton, Spinster, Lords and Ladies of the Manor of , in the County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing Down Moor, within the Parish of Kirkbythore, in the County of Westmoreland; and setting forth. That the said Moor lies as well within the said Manor as the said Parish; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands, it may materially affect the Petitioners in their Rights and Properties: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as may affect their Interests; and that they, may have such Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be be Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ordered; Account shewing how the Increafeof the Debt of the Navy Debt. jqaVy between the 31st December 1767 and the 31st December 1768, has ariien; distinguished under the several Heads of Expence.

AlUeyl Mr. Harbord reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the lettled Estate of Sir Edward AJlley, Baronet, in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses of the Settlement made cn his Marriage with Rhoda AJlley, his former Wife, deceased; and for substituting and settling an undivided Vox.. 32,

Mart it. 333

Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, in heu thereof, to the same Uses, with such Powers as are therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Waljh reported from the Committee, to whom Severn the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of BridJS the City of Worcester, under their Common Seal; and of several Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Gwynn, Surveyor, being examined, said. That the present Bridge over the River Severn is an ancient Structure, and so ruinous, that he is surprised that it stands; and he is of Opinion, that One bad Season will destroy it.

That the Passage over the said Bridge is not more than Twelve Feet wide, and the Avenues thereto very narrow and dangerous; and that building a new Bridge, and making convenient Avenues thereto will be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said City, and to all Persons having Occasion to pass over the said River there.

That he has made an Estimate of the Expence of building a proper Bridge there, which amounts to £. 6,000, and upwards.

Mr. John Thornet oe, being examined, confirmed Mr.

Gwynn's Evidence, as to the Necessity of building the said Bridge, and opening the Avenues thereto; and said, That he thinks the Expence of purchasing Houses, for making the Avenues, will not amount to more than £. 1,000, as most of the Buildings that it will be necessary to be purchased are very old and ruinous.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Severn, in the City of Worcester, and for opening convenient Avenues to and from the same: And that Mr. Waljh, and Mr.

Harbord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Governors and Directors of the Westminster Poor, in Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the In- Paving, habitants of that Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Hol-born, which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting Part of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the . said Parishes, and Setting forth, That, in consequence of the said Act, the Governors and Directors elected pursuant thereto have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution; and that the same has been found fully and effectually to answer every salutary Purpose intended thereby, within the said Parishes; and taking Notice of the Bill for raising a Fund for completing the several Purposes of the Acts passed, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts ad-4 Q jacent i

Ditto

Hutton

€ranswick

Inclosure.

Tring, Ac. Roads.

334

21a Martii. A. 17 69.

jacent; and for other Purposes 5 by which Bill many Parts of the said Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty may* be defeated: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, so far as relates to the lighting and cleansing the said Parishes of St. , above

the Bars, and St. George the , may not pass into a

Law; and that they may be heard, by themselves or their Counfd, against: being included in the said Bill, and also against such Parts thereof as they conceive may affect the Rights, Privileges, and Interests, of the said Parishes.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, in the several Pari (lies of 5/. St. , and

St. John the Evangelist, St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anne, St. Paul Covent Garden, St. Clements Danes, St. Mary he Strand, St. Mary Le Savoy, St. Giles in the Fields, and St. George, Bloomfb within the City and

Liberty of Westminster, and County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and others, the Owners and Occupiers of Houses within the said several Parishes,' was also presented to the House, and read , Taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, there are divers Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Bill, which do very materially affect the Rights, Privilege?, and Inferefts of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Coun-feh against such Parts of the said Bill, as the Petitioners conceive to affect such their Rights, Privileges, and Interests; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Hutton in the East

Riding-of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed so be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 18. To leave out, the Parties and their,"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Paftyres, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Hutton Cranswick, in the East Riding of

the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Halsey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, turning and altering, the Road, leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Hilchin,

Baldock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridge; and from the West End of Latte,

to the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had ao

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have b>en issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman U(her of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker with the House, went up to the Home of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishopof Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of Grafton, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal A flint to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of -

mont, named also in the said Commission; did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followed; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-ntne:

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting ia Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by " a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Sixty-nine;" and for securing and preserving Duplicates of Assessments, and other Papers relating to the Land Tax:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, An Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever:

An Act to indemnify such Personsas have omitted to qualify themselves for O.Kces and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped:

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William . the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing

Pl#e" .

Money

i (Tiled on Addresses

Royal Assent to Bills*

Geo. III. 2i° Martit. 335

Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill Stare of the Coin of the Kingdom, as restrains any Person, keeping an Inn, Tavern, Ale houl'e, or Victualling-house, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, from publicly using any wrought or manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, except Spoons; and for putting an End to Prosecutions commenced for Offences against such Part of t lie said Act:

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Liberty of Saint Marlin le Grand, within the City and Liberty of in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein:

An Act for continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of King George the First, and in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for sup-plying the said Town with freth Water; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes, in the Parish and Borough of New tVindfor,‘in the county of ; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein:

An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate, in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mofiyn-, and from to Henllan;

and from JJanerch y Mor, to Pen y Ford in the

Counties of Flint and Denbigh:

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell j and from Avon IFen, to tire Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint:

An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool to the said Borough:

An Act to impower the Right honourable Sir Henry Cavendish, Baronet, to shut up certain Roads, and a Foot-Path, in the Parish of Doveridge, in the County of Derby; and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, a New Road and Foot-Path, in lieu thereof:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Marlborough to Shepherd's Shord, and from Beckhampton to the Top of Cherill HiU, and from Avebury to Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon to The Carpenters Arms in Blundfden, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Mere worth Crofis, to the Road leading from Seal to Wrotham Heath-, and also the said Road, from opposite the House of William Dalifon, Esquire, to Hadlow , in the County of Kent:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Gloucester, towards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for amending several other Roads, near or adjoining to some of the said Roads:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump in the Parish of Great Chefierford, in the said County: An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, Yet. 32.

of lo much of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of , to the North Extent of the Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford, leading towards Gate:

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, from Birmingham to Bi/fione, and from thence to Autherly, there to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and; and for making Collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines; and to explain and amend the said Act:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York-, and also from Spittle Houfie, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid:

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of -Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to the Tenth Mile Stone from Cirencester, at or near the East End of the Town of Tetbury -, and from the West End of the Church Yard in the said Town of Tetbury, to a Gate in the said County, near the Monument upon Lansdown:

An Act to enable Edward Byrom, Esquire, to complete a Building, intended for a new Church, in the Town of Manchester; and for making the same a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for other Purposes:

An Act for vesting certain Lands, in the Parish of Chifiehurst, in the County of Kent, deviled by the Will of Thomas Farrington, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to convey the same to Charles Lord; and for settling

Lands, to be taken in Exchange; and for laying out Money arising by Sale thereof, in other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses:

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and for effecting an Exchange of Lands between the Moll noble George Duke of Marlborough, and the Warden and Scholars of Merton College, in Oxford:

An Act for appointing Jointures for the Wives, and providing Portions for the younger Children, of the Right honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, and the Hdr nourable Peregrine Bertie, his Brother;' and for other the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn, Baronet, a Minor, to make a Settlement, on his intended Marriage with the Lady Henrietta Somerset:

An Act for discharging divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of Sir Bellingham Graham, Baronet, in the County of York, from the Uses and Trulls limited arid declared by the Will of the Honourable Mary Graham, deceased; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, other Part of the Estate of the said Sir Bellingham Graham, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act to empower Richard Garth, Esquire, to make Leases of his settled Estates, in the County of , for building upon and improving the (ante:

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Bcddock, in the County of Hertford, devised by the Will of Edward Gentleman,

deceased, in La-wndey Sparhauke, Esquire, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of the said Will; and for substituting and settlipg an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in Hertfordshire, in lieu thereof and to the like Uses; .

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend William Usyd, Clerk, in Trustees, for raising Money, to discharge the Debts, Legacies, and Incumr brances affecting the Cume; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: . .;

Ad

33 6

li*MartHi.

A. 1769.

An Act for confirming a Partition, between John wards, Esquire, John Freemantle Esquire, and Frances

his Wife, and Mary Edwards, Spinster, of several Estates, in the County of Middlesex, and City of devised by the Will of John Schoppens, Esquire, deceased; and of the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said John Schoppens:

An Act to enable Charles Esquire, and his

Three Infant Sons, Joint Biddulph, Charles Biddulph, and Thomas Biddulph, to grant Leases of certain Manors, Capital and other Messuages, Mansion Houses, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the several Counties of Surrey, S, and Stafford, of which they are Tenants for Life successively:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hilborowe, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bleddington, in the county of : .

An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, in the Parish of IValberton, in the County of Sussex.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, and Common Lands, within the Parish of Elvington, in the East Riding of the County of York: An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Ingham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Ings, and the Moor or Common, and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Township of Wheldrake, in the County of York

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of SanSlon, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Meadows, Fens, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North Hickham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, within the Lordship or Liberty of Markfield, in the County of Leicester, and the Common Ground there, lying within the Ring or Boundaries of the same Fields, or adjoining the reto:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Grendon Underwood, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Shaxton, otherwise Shackston, otherwise Shackerston, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for the more effectual draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of Wimblington, in the Parish of Doddington, and in the Parish of Chatterejs, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Nasser ton and ,in the

Parish of Nafferton, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Thwing, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and other Open Grounds, within the Township of

wick, otherwise Attenwick, in Holderness, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part or Share of Belper Ward, which belongeth to Highedge in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor or Common, called Crofgate Moor, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain indofed intercommon Lands there:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish, Liberties, or Precincts, of Cublington, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act to enable the Reverend John Wood, his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Davies, in Pursuance of the Will of the Reverend John Davies, Doctor in Divinity, deceased:

An Act to enable Stephen Payne, Esquire, and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Gallway, pursuant to the Will of Tobias Wall Esquire, deceased:

An Act for Naturalizing Lewis Diedrick Hejhuyfen:

An Act for Naturalizing Henry

An Act for Naturalizing Peter Bauert, and David Lewis Godin.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Irdiefter concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open I"cI®fare» Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Knuston, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton, which Bill was upon Thursday last reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord Strange, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is con- Ebberston cerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Inclosurr. Fields, Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Ebberston, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned j which Bill was upon Thursday last reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord Strange, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted-the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Petition of the Clerks in the Offices of His Ma- Secretary jesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, being offered to be State’* presented to the House; Jpler£*:

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That, by an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, the Petitioners are deprived of the Privilege of sending and receiving their Letters free from the said Duty of Postage, which had been uninterruptedly enjoyed ever since the Establishment of the Post-office; and that the Privilege of franking News Papers, reserved to them by the said Act, is, by the Regulations therein contained, rendered of very little Advantage to them, and must soon be entirely loft, as it is attended with a great Expence of Post Letters, necessarily passing between them and their Correspondents, and is thrown into other Channels by the great

9 Geo. III.

21

Martii.

337

great Facility with which News Papers are noW dispersed into the Country; and that they humbly presume if it had been represented, at the Time of passing the Act, that a Measure calculated to improve the Public Revenue would have tended to the Injury of a few Individuals; the House, ever ready to recompense those who suffer by their Acts intended for the Public Benefit, would at the same Time have granted to the Petitioners ah Indemnification for the fame; especially as their Lola the more feverejy felt by them, as their Incomes are greatly inferior to those, Of the Clerks in the other great. Offices of State, there being no Public Provision made for them, and they enjoying no other Privilege or Per-cjuifite whatsoever in the said Offices; and that their Employment is laborious, their Attendance so great as , tp render any other'Means of improving their Incomes incompatible with the Discharge of their Duty, and the Trust and Confidence reposed in them of the most im-. portant Nature: And therefore praying the House will take their hard same into Consideration, and to grant them such Compensation for the Lots of their said Privilege, and to commence from such Time, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Duke of The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Grafton’s a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed

Divorce. gm from the L0Ids> intituled, An Act to diffoive the

Marriage of Augustus Henry Duke of , with the Honourable Ann Liddel, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined Witnesses, and heard Counsel, for the Bill; and that no Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without, any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

’organ’s The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Divorce, a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Worgan, with Sarah Mackelcan his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for Other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Sir Joseph Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, That they had examined Witnesses, and heard Counsel, for the Bijl; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before tire Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.. , Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Joseph Mawbey accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to , report to the House; and he read the Report; in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; ,

Press 4. At the End of the Bill, add " and of and " from all Right, Title, Claim, and Demand, of, in, to, or out of any Estate " or Effects, Real or Personal whatsoever, ‘4 assigned, settled, or allured, or fttpulated, " covenanted, and agreed to be assigned, 44 settled, or allured, in Profpcft or Confi-Vol. :2. ‘ ’

" deration of the said Marriage between the said Sarah and the said John Worgan,

of or at any Time after the said Marriage,

" as a Provision for the said Sarah, or the " Issue of the said Marriage, or in any " other Manner for her and their Use and " Benefit; and all such Estate and Effects " so assigned, settled, and allured, or agreed " to be so assigned, settled,’*or affined, and 41 all Int?rest and Benefit thereof, and there-,

" in, tliall from henceforth remain, and be " to, and for the only Use and Benefit of the said John and the Issue of

" the said Marriage, for such Estates and Interests respectively, and subject to such. " Power or Powers of Appointment by the said John Worgan, and in such Manner " and Form as he and such Issue respect lively would be entitled to the fame, if Ihe,

44 the said Sarah, was now naturally dead. " Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to vacate, defeat, impeach, or de- stroy, any Provision, or Agreement for any " Provision, made or stipulated, or agreed to be made, for the Maintenance, Sup- port, or Benefit of the said Sarah, at any Time after the obtaining the said Sen- tence of Divorce in the Consistory Court of the Bishop of London as aforesaid; " but that the fame, and particularly, a 44 certain Indenture Tripartite, bearing Date the Twenty-first Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty- nine, made, or mentioned to be made, be- tween the said John Worgan of the First Part; the said Sarah, by the Name and Description of Sarah Mackelcan, the now Wife of the said John Worgan, of the Second Part; and Edward,

44 of Leyton, in the County of Essex, Esquire, 44 and James Oram Clarkson, of Castle Court, 44 Laurence Lane, London, Gentleman, of " the Third Part; and the several Stipula- tions and Agreements therein contained, 44 as well on the Part and Behalf of the said Sarah, as on the Part and Behalf of the said John Worgan; and the Assignment thereby made, or intended to be " made, shall be, and is and afe hereby ratified, confirmed, and established; and .44 shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, -for the Purposes thereby in- tended."

- The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

v

Sir Joseph Mawbey, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoe-, makers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which, he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom, from Ireland, or from His Majesty’s Dominions in America, of Raw or Undressed Hides of Steers, Cows, or any other Cattle, except of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and of Calve Skins or Goat Skins, Raw or Undressed, be discontinued for a limited Time.

4 R The

Dude*

Oxford

to

Coventry

Canal.

Supply.

Militia.

Holnest

Inclosure*

Shire Halls,

Martii. Tj/.’T7$9.

The. said Resolution, being-read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, ^rom the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of , was

committed; ,

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to' the HPufe > which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follnweth; viz.

Refu/vcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence during the Time they shall be absent from Home, on Account of the Annual Exercise, for the Year 1769.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being'read;

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for explaining, amending, and continuing an Act made in> the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain, called England, was committed, the

Amendments which the Committee had m^de to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plaoe; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Hhurjday the 6th Day of April next.

Ordered, That lueb a Number of Copies of the said

Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be (ufliciant for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V 4.

Mercuriiy 2 2° Martii;

; , Xn;n9 9* Qeprgii IIP" Regis, 1769.

'j !;(!:;.!'» J

Pr'ay'^r-s.

THE Lord Burgherfti presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing an. Open Common, in the Parish of Holnest, in the County of Dorset: And the; same was received; and read the First Time*.

Rfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

J.

An ingrossed BUI to enable the Justices of the Peace, in the General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings whertin the Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually, held, was read the Third Time.

Rfolved, Thar the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to enable the Ju(Vices of 'the Peace, in The General Quarter Se(fion*-of their respective Couh ties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls or other Buildings, wherein the Assizes or-Grand/Sessions are usually held.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectua) paying, cleans- Gainfourgh ing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys,i>avin*‘ and Public Passages, in the Town of Gainshurgh, in the *

County of Lincoln; and for laying a Duty on all Coals brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the same to fuel) Purposes; was read the Third Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual paving, cleansing, lighting and watching* the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Public Passages, in the Town of Gainsin the County of Lincoln; and for laying a Duty on all Coals brought’ to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the same to such Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the’

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Palmer presented to the House, according to Leicester Order, a Bill to* explain, amend, and render more ef- to feftual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester. to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and other Roads, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates, to the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and From Leicester to Hin the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Parker presented to the House, according to Or-- Devon der, a Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor, in the P°0*‘’s belief County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Duke of Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Cha, Duke of Queen/- ^ElUte.*1 berry ana Dover, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate, in the County of Dumfries; and for. settling in lieu thereof other Lands, lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate; was committed; That the Commirteehadexamined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be -true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Jams Douglas, Brother to Archibald of Durnock, who is a very remote Heir of Entail, and after the most diligent Enquiry, cannot be found; and that die Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act York and for enabling His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the City of York, and in the Town and County of the Town U'n,ealrcj. of Kingston upon Hull, without any Amendment: And also, *

o Geo. III. i-i0 Mar339

llarlow Buflt < The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Common (Q enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in Woodford 'lhe Tenth Year of King George the First, and the Six-Road. teenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

Ehawbury, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Anads for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Dr nylon in Hales, in the said County, and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, and from Shawbury aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road in High in the said County of Salop-, and from Shawbury aforesaid, ,to Wem, in the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sand ford, in the said County j without any Amendment: And also,

Merioneth - The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties Ro of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop, without any Amendment: And also,

Sniiterbv The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c> for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands,

Inclosure. and Grounds, in the several Townships of Atteiby, -lei-by, and Waddinghani, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

Lelley The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, in the Town ship Of Lelley, in the Parish of Preston, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

Wa1tha» The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ludofure. for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fieldsand Grounds, within the Parish of Waltham, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also, .

South The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Willinghaa for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common ncoiuw. Fields, and Grounds, within the Parish of South Willingham, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also, .

Sutton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Inclosure, Tor dividing and inclosing the Town Fields, Common Balks, Stinted Pastures, and Waste Grounds,-in the Townshipof Sutton, and Parish -of Norton, in the Ead Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

Bamolby-le- - The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Beck dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands and Grounds,

' Inclosure, in the Parish of Barnolby le , in the County of Lincoln, without any. Amendment: And also,

Prebendary; The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en-of 8t. Paul, , able the Reverend Ckrijhpher Doctor in Divinity,

""don» Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London,

ng* to make and grant, unto the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, a Lease of the Pre- bendal Edate of Halliwelland Fmsbury, in the Suburbs , of the said City, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years; lo which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Ch* ma The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Mates.* impower Anthony Chapman, Esquire, to grant Leal'es of Part of his Settled Estates, in the County of

add. City of London; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Chichester’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for r Mates. ceding the Real Estates of Richard Esquire,

deceased, in England, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise

Money, to be applied to pay off the Legacies charged upon and affecting the fame, and the Interred thereof ' under the Direction of the Court of Chancery; and for

*heother Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords j desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Vot, 3*.

impower Anthony Chapman,- Esquire, to grant Leal'es of Chapman’s Part of his settled Estates, in the County of MUdlesex, Estates and City of London, was read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second.Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chichester’s for vesting. the Real Estates late of Richard Chichester, 4 Esquire, deceased, in England, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the Legacies, charged upon and affecting the fame, and the Interest thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery; ai>d for the other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Fird Time.

Refvlved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pr^,ary to enable the Reverend Christopher , Doctor ip i^ndon*" Divinity, Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of St. Leafing! Paul, London, to make and grant, unto the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, a Lease of the Prebendal Edate of Halliwell and Fiitf-hury, in the Suburbs of the said City, fora Term of Ninety-nine Years, was read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Norris reported from the Committee, to whom HaflecW* the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Wood, Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening ^tcc-the Roads from the White Post on Hafeldon's Wood, in Roids‘

the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath, and other Roads in the County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Golf ord Green to Tanners Kent; for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, with respect to the -other Roads therein contained; and for amending the.

Road from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Tenter den, through Rolyenden, to the Turnpike Road, in the 'Parish of Newenden, in the said County; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report tolhe House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in.at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One . by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, to whom st. Botolpii, . the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, &c.

made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present (London) Majesty, intituled, fin. Act for paving the Streets and avin®’ other Places, in that Part of the Parish of St. Botolph,

Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East Smithfield, in the Precinct of St.

Catharine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame; and for preventing Obstructi.ons and Annoyances therein; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedhimto report to the House) and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once' read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing ‘and rendering more ef- noaj.

fectual

Essex

County Gaol.

Impowcrine Court of Chancery to lay out certain Money.

Roile’s

Estates.

Duke of

Grafton's

Divorce.

Worstn's

Divorcee

340

22* Ma

A. 1769.

feftual an Act for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmor eland,; and for repairing and widening

the Road from Maiden Cqftleto Cross; and also the Road from Maiden Cqftle to the Coal Works, at 7'ay-lor Rig, and to Tan Hill, and King's Pitts; and also the Road from Barrow Brow, to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grossed.

A Bill for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Anthony, Abdy, Mr. Luther, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon Government Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited out of the common and general Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court;' and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges Of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon Government Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court.

Ordered, That Sir Anthony Abdy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for discharging certain Estates of Denys Esquire, in the Counties of Som and Wilts, from the Uses thereof limited and declared; and for veiling the same in Trustees to be sold, and applying the Piirchafe Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for settling other Estates in' the County of Devon of greater Value, to the like Uses; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. IVhichcot, &d.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Duke of

Grafton, with the Honourable Ann Liddell his now Wife,. and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, und acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Worgau, with Sarah Mackelean his now Wife, and to enable him to ,marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

*4*

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pass.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordlliips.

Sir Anthony Abdy reported from the Committee to .^jur*

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, ure' and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Hamlet of KmtJion, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton, was re-committed, That th®

Committee bad made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Blechingly the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "m* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Blechingly, in the County of Surrey, in the room of" Sir Kenrick Clayton, Baronet deceased.

Mr. Walfhpresented to the House, according to Or- Severn der, a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, Bridg*. in the City of Worcester, and for opening convenient Avenues to and from the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Robert Lodge, of Barnard Cqftle, in the strancepeth County of Durham, Esquire, was presented to the House, mdoiure. and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, it) the Township of Themley, in the Parish of IVolfingham, and within the Manor of Brancepeth, in the County Palatine of Durham and setting forth. That the Petitioner is seised of, and entitled to Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Township; and is also seised o(, and entitled to, all the Mines, Coal Mines, Mines of Coal, and Collieries, with the Appurtenances, lying within the . said Moor, or Waste Ground, and within the said Manor and Township of Thornley; and that, if the said Bill,

should pass into a Law as the feme now Hands, the Petitioner’s Property will be greatly affected and prejudiced thereby: And therefore praying, that he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is referred, against such Parts of the said Bill as he shall be advised.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thiriks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that ^they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Mr. Dyson reported from the Committee, to whom the Kingston Bill for dividing the Vicarage of Kingston upon Thames, U{y^rhaT<S in the County of Surrey, with the several Chapelries or " Curacies thereto belonging, or thereon dependent, into Two separate Vicarages, and Two separate Perpetual Curacies, in such Manner as is therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their

Consent

9 Geo. III.

34*

Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ih at thd Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Orice read throughout; arid then a Second Time, One by One.; rind, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments Were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

fit. Saviour’s, Mr. Thrale reported from the Coriimittee, to whom (Southwark.) the Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers, and Streets. cf several Qf the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Saviours, Southwark, in the County of , was re-

ferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Levy, Esquire, said, That there is no Street or Passage wide enough for Carriages from London to the Ralcon near Black Pryars , but such an

Opening would be of, great public Convenience; and that there is no convenient Way from the High , in the Borough, to Saint Saviour's Parish Church; — the present Paltage is very incommodious — a Carriage Way may easily be tirade, and when made will save One thousand Yards by their going round the present Way, it being One Side of a Triangle, and is a full Half of the whole Way.

Mr. Crutch/ey Coles confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Levy.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Carriage Way from the High Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, by the North Side of the Parish Church of Si. Saviour’s, to a Place at or near Bank End, in the said Parish: And that Mr. ‘Thrale, Mr. Burrell, Sir Mr. Al-

derman Crojhy, and Sir Anthony Abdy, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

St. Aubyn’s Chapel* Plymouth JDotk.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Stoke in the County of Devon, called Plymouth Dock, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was referred.

Mr. Burrell accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Mangles, being examined, said; That the Parish of Stoke Dameril, in the County of Devon and Diocese of Exeter, is very extensive, and there is only One Church therein, which is parochial, and no other Place for celebrating Divine Service; that Plymouth Dock, Part of the said Parish, is near a Mile distant from the said Parish Church; and, by the great Increase of inhabitants, is not sufficient to contain the Inhabitants of the said Parish.

Then the Will of Sir William Morice, Baronet, defeated, was produced, whereby it appeared that Sir John St. Auhyn, Baronet, is, by virtue of the said Will, in-

titled for his Life to the Manor of Stoke Damerel, which extends throughout the said Parish; and also to the Advowson and Right of Presentation to the said Parish Vol. 32.

Church, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male; with Remainder to Sir John,

Baronet; for Life; with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male; and after other Remainders, which are determined, to the right Heirs of the Tef-tator.

|vAnd the Witness said. That Sir John St. Auhyn hath, wikh the Consent of the said Sir John allotted,

and set apart, a Piece of Ground, within and Parcel of the said Manor, containing from East to Welt Ninety-five Feet, and from North to South Ninety-five Feet; and situate behind and on the Eastern Side of a Street in Plymouth Dock called The Higher St. Auhyn Street; and at the Eastern End of and the Centfe of the Western Sides of the said Piecfc of Ground fronting another Street, in Plymouth Dock aforesaid, called Newmarket Street; for the Scite of a Chapel and Chapel Yard.

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Inhabitants of Plymouth Dolk have, with the Consent of the Bishop of Exeter, agreed, that the said Piece of Ground, so set out for the Scite of the said Chapel and Chapel Yard, shall be veiled in Commisllonerfc for the Purpose of erecting a Chapel, and with proper Powers to finilli and complete the same; and provide proper Stipends for the Curate and Clerk, and for defraying the Expence of providing other Requisites and NecessarieS for the Celebration of Divine Service.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerel, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Burrell, the Lord Lijburne, and, Mr. John do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the 16th Day of February last, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, as relates to the repairing the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, to the City of Chester; and for repairing and widening the said Road, and also the Road from wich, to the Cross in Tarvin, in the County of might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And a Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Poll Road towards the City of Chester, through in the County of Salop to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence, through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester; and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting, the same Road; and -also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwith, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid;

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Viscount of the

Kingdom of Ireland.; and also the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Freeholders, of the County of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Freeholders, of the County and City of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; which were presented to the House upon the 24th Day of January last; and also the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petitions were referred; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and palfed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the

4 S County

Chester

and

Stafford

Road*.

342 aa° Ma; - 1760.

County of Stafford, in the Port Road towards the City of Chester, through in the County of Salop,

to Nantwick, in the County of and from

with to Tarporley, and from thence, through ,in

the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more effectually repairing, widening, and Tup* porting, the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from in the said Counity

of Chester, to tire Cross in aforesaid: And that

Mr. Offley and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Beverley An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening he Road tcc. from Beverley, to the Ferry at Hefsle, and from the Mal-Road. ton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, to the Ferry at Hefsle, and from the Malton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ways The House, according to Order, resolved itself into and Means, a Committee of the whole House, to conffder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, the 7th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Oxford Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking in-to . to further'Consideration the Report which was made Cana'l'7 from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tuesday the 4th Day of April next,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J

Tellers for the Noes, 5 Mr. Montagu, 7

| Mr. . J 43.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the last of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for regulating the making of Reservoirs.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill. xt>

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny for amending and further continuing an Act of the Sixth Def"rtioni Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act America, to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment:

And also, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nottinghaftf to re-build, the Shire Hall of the County of; Shire

and for using the Guild Hall of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, for the Purposes of a Shire Hall in the mean Time: without any Amendment: And also,;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Norwich for amending the Road from Bishopsgafe Bridge, in the Ja City of Norivich, to a Stone formerly called the Two Mile Stone, where the Norivich Road joins the Caister (Road. Causeway, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth, without any Amendment: And also,

The, Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Macclesfield Act to repair and widen the Road from the Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the Couaty of Chester, over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether Tabley, in the said County; and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Ro^d without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sc°le Bridge -for repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge, R®a"* to the Place where the East Gate lately stood, in the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk,

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St^"age to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George, the First, and the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford', to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for 1

repairing and widening the Road from Corner,

to the Turnpike Road at Arlefey, in the county of ,

Bedford', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Norwich for repairing and widening the Road from the City of to Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, Sc^a®r,dge without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act sheriff Hnttow for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain Open Fields, inclosure. Lands, and Commons, within the Townships of Hutton and West Lilling, in the Parish of Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds, lying in nCX«

OJbaldwick, with Gate Helmfley and Peter land Row, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sr. Nicholas for railing Money to discharge Debts contracted for re-building the Parish Church and Tower of Saint Nicholas, n °* in the City of Bristol and to rebuild the Spire, and complete the said Church; and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bod.nin, See. for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and Road*, through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of . wall, without any Amendment: And also,

The

V'olfingham

ncloiurc.

Worgan’s

Divorce.

"Wolverty

Minors*

Dv. chefs of Comerfet's Will.

9 C^io. III. 4*® — 23,0 Martii. ^43

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of lVolfmgham in the County Palatine of Durham. wthout any Amendment, And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House, to the Rill, intituled, An. A A to diflolvc the Marriage of John Worgan, with Sarah Mackelcan his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again* and for other Purposes therein npentioned: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for changing and altering the Course of the Descent of Copy-hold Estates held of the Manor of , in the County of Worcester,-from the Nature of Borough lish, to the Course of Descent according to Common Law; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for felling the capital Messuage or Mansion House, called Ptrcy Lodge. and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Bucks, devised by the Witt of the Most no^te

Frances late Duchess Dowager Of Somerset and for laying out the Money arising by such° Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be iettldd*; in lieu thereof, to the same LJfds; to tyhich. the’ fronds desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day b^ing:readk

Resolved, That this House will| upon the Supply.

5th Day of April next, resolve itldfjintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of thp Supply granted to His Majesty. /; ' <---

And then, the House- adjourned, till_ Tomorrow Morning, Nihq of the Clock.* |

\ < 1 '

— 1..... 'i t 1 ~ "11 n,

t

Jovis, lie; 1".

Anno 90 Georgii IIId1 Regis, 1769.

Praybrs. ’ ‘ ’

' I t

I ' "

MR. Stephens, from the Cprumissioners for execut- Navy ing the Office of ^-.orff High Adtniral of Great Debt, Britain, presented to the House, pursuant lo their

Order, - 7 — *..... ‘ ’ "

An Account, shewing how the Increase of die Debt of the Navy, between thp 31st Day of December *767 and the- 31st Day of December 1768, has arisenj distinguished under the several Heads of Expence.

And the Title of the- laid Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth *

4

VOL.32. Naif

D

cq’

t — h

n'

CD

Q_

O"

O

o

o§

FT

Navy Office 22(1 March

cc, 7 Am ACCOUNT, shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, between the 31st Day of December 1767 and the 31st Day of December 1768, has arisen; 1769.3 distinguished under the several Heads of Expence: Prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the aid March 1769. T

Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1768 -

Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1767, as presented to Parliament

Debt of the Nay, on the 31st December 1768, increased

Reasons for the said Increase.

On Account of the Nary.

Premium on Naval Stores imported from the Plantations - . - .

Charge of Transports between the ift January and 31 December 1768 ....

Interest incurred on Navy Bills - -- -....

Bounty of £.5 per Head, for Men belonging to the Enemy’s Ships of War, that were taken or destroyed in the late War - - - - C

Payments on Account of the Longitude.....

Purchase of the Endeavour Bark, for conveying to the Southward Persons for making Observations on the Passage of the Planet Venus over the Sun’s Disk -

Fitting the said Ship for Sea - ... .: -

Paid Sir Thomas Franklandy for subsisting French Seamen taken before the Declaration of the late War ——

Balances paid into the Exchequer on doling the final Accounts of|

Value of Hemp contracted for in the Year 1767, but not delivered into Store till 1768, and which occasioned the Expence of 1767, to be less than the Supplies by -

1

On Account of the Victualling,

To the Expence of victualling Land Forces ——

Additional Allowance for Vinegar ——

Interest paid and incurred on Bilk ——

Extra Freights ——

A Fine paid the Countess of Otford\ for the Renewal of the vacant Life in the Lease of the Ground, Brew house, Storehouses, Sec. at South Down, on the Decease of his late Royal Highness the Duke of Yo/h, as per Lease ——

Charles H>Jkin% for giving up, in Favour of the Crown, his Lease from the Corporation of Plymouth, for their Lower Grift Mill - -

Amount of a Hundred Spaniji Dollars, sent by Mr. Richard Dodd, as Agent for victualling His Majesty’s Ships Falmouth and Seaford at Manilla, for the Purchase of Live Cattle for the Use of the £rid Ships; which Cattle were loft in a Storm, 9 November 1763 -

Balances paid into the Exchequer on closing the final Accounts of |

Bills made out to Pursers on the Balance of their Victualling Accounts, numbered in this Year, for Accounts which terminated in former Years, and not included in any former Debt, in regard it could not be known, until their Accounts were made up, whether they were Debtor or Creditor, has occasioned the further Increase of ——

G. Cokburnc.

7ho. Slade.

J. Williams.

1

To be accounted for by the

' Navy. Victualling.;

£ d. £ *

£ / 101,965 13 3I 24,120 4 0i

34,700 10 5 —

»i,3j q 16 3 I4»I95 3 ^2,895 0 0 1,683 9 8 2,800 0 0 1

1,925 11 5 6,25s 0 6

3.196 5 7 3.3*8 4 9

19*130 19 6:

8.936 19 7 *o*,747 *9. ♦

:8S» Ss

4,465^ io 7 *94 7 *o

1,000 0 0

420 0 0 . ‘ . r

2500

115 17 9f *,572 4 6} 6>539 3l 24,120 4 0i

£ s. i. *.339.*5« 5^9* I,ai3»°7* 8

116,085 17 4f

E, Maf.

T. Brett.

Os

VO.

o Geo. III. 23° Martiu 345

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, tobeperufed by the Members of the House.

Cambridge Mr. Tozvnshend presented to the House, according to Streets Order, a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Town of , for preventing Ob-

structions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Pufiages, within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Clyde Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac-

Kaver, cording to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act,

made tn the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River , to the City of,

and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wolverley An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Manor. for changing and altering the Course of Descent of Copy-hold Estates, held of the Manor of Wolverley, in the County of Worcester, from the Nature of Borough

ti/hto the Course of Descent according to Common Law, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ebberston An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several

Inclosure. Open Fields, Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Ebberjlo, in the County of York', and for other Purposes therein mentioned j was read the ' Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P. 25. 1. 23. To leave out from ‘‘therein" to the End of the Clause.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Royal Assent A Message from His Majesty by Sir Francis Molyneux, to Bilk. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for amending, and further continuing, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in , an Act passed

in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for raising Money to discharge Debts con-trafted for re-building the Parish Church and Tower of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Bristol; and to re-build the Spire, and complete the said Church; and for other Purposes:

An Act to re-build the Shire Hall of the County of Nottingham’, and for using the Guild Hall of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham for the Purposes of a Shire Hall, in the mean Time:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to license a Play-

house in the City of York, and in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of jMontgomery, and Salop:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

Vol. 32.

End of the Turnpike Road in in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County, and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford-, and from Shazvburyaforesaid,1 to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County of;

and from Shazvbury aforesaid, to IVem, in the said County, and from thence, to the Turnpike Road in Sand ford, in the said County:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of King George the First, and the Sixteenth Year of his Jate Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlozv Bush in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex: '

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of Kin^ George the First, and the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, -for repairing the Roads from,

in the County of Hertford, to Bigglejzvadc, in the County of Bed/ord, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Radzcell V to the Turnpike Road at in the County of

Bedford:

An Act to repair and widen the R«m! from the Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, over the Long Moss and Monks-Heath, to the Turnpike Road in

Nether Tabley, in the said County; and for turning and

exchanging Part of the said Road:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge, to the Place where the East Gate lately flood, in the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for amending the Road from Bridge, in the City of Nonvich, to a Stone, formerly called the Two Mile Stone, where the Road

joins the Caifler causezvay, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall:

An Act for vesting in Charles Duke of Quesn/berry and Dover, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate, in the County of Dumfries; and for settling, in lieu thereof other Lands, lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate: An Act for vesting in Trustees, certain Timber Trees and other Trees, Handing and being upon the Estates of Sir Thomas Broughton, in the Counties of Chester and Stafford -, and to enable them to fell, cut down, fell, and dispose of, the fame; and to lay out a competent Part of the Money, arising by the Sale thereof, in re-building the ancient Mansion House of the Family, called Hall, in the said County of Chester, and the necessary Offices to be enjoyed therewith; and for other Purposes: An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Sir Edward Afiley, Baronet, in the County of in him, in

Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses of the Settlement made on his Marriage with Rhoda Afiley, his former Wife, deceased; and for substituting and settling an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, with such Powers as therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Swinburn, Esquire, in the County of Northumberland, and Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Trustees, in Trull to sell the same; and to lay out and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, in the county of ;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the Estate of the Honourable William Noel, Esquire, deceased, situate in Stanford, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, to sell the same,

4 T and

Ebberston

Inclosure.

heller

and

Stafford

Roads.

St. Aubyn’s Chapel, Plymouth Dock.

Adjournment.

34

and apply the Money arising therefrom as therein mentioned.

An Act- for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, in the Township of Lelley, in the Parish of , in Holder ness, in

the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Grounds, within the Parish of South Willingham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Barnolby-le-Beck, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds within the Parish of Waltham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, arid Grounds, in the several Town ships of Alter by, Snitterby, and Waddingham, in the County of

Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Town Fields, Common Balks, Stinted Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Sutton, and Parish of Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Town-ships of Sheriff Hutton and West Lilling, in the Parish of Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds, lying in OJbaldwick, with Gale Helmfiey and Peterland Row, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor‘and Parish of in the County Palatine of "Durham:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, with the honourable Ann Liddell his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John,

with Sarah Mackelcan his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again: and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of in the County of York j and for other Purposes therein mentioned; do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Ebberston, in the County Of York and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr Edward Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to

Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester j and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting, the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir John Molesworth be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for building a Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerell, in the county of .

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the

1769.

House, this Day, adjourn to Tuesday the 4th Day of April next.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according ,to Or- Chester der, a Bill for repealing so much of Two several Acts Stafford of Parliament made and passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty,

King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of ,. and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester; and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid;

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, accord- Fleet Prison, ing to Order, a Bill fdr veiling Ely Hou/e, in with the Appurtenances, in the Crown, and the Scite of the Fleet Prison, with the Appurtenances, in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for making Compensation to the Lord Bishop of Ely and his Successors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Molesworth presented to the House, accord- st. AubynV ing to Order, a Bill for building a Chapel at Plymouth Chapel, Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerell, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Gerard Backus and Leonard Holts, was Holls* read the Ijirft Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Westminflar in the Parish of St. Pancras, in the County of Middlesex ^avulS* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Houses within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for raising a Fund for completing the several Purposes of the Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets,

Lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for other Purposes; and setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, there are divers Clauses,*Matters, and Things, in the said Bill, which do very materially affect the Rights, Privileges, and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as they conceive to affect such their Rights, Privileges, and Interests, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Proprietors of Grounds, Builders, Ditto). Mortgagees, and others interested in Ground and Buildings, in the several Parishes of St. George Hanover,

St. Mary le bone, and St. Mary Pancras, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners being possessed of several Pieces or Parcels of Ground, which they have let, or taken upon Building Leases, at considerable Ground Rents, and being likewise interested in divers Messuages or Tenements now in Building, and in an unfinished and untenantable Condition, apprehend there are divers Clauses, Matters, and Things intended to be enacted by the said Bill, which do materially

affect

23° Martii.

9 Geo. III. 230 Mar hi. 347

affect the Rights and Properties of all, and tend to the utter Ruin of many of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, as ' they conceive will prejudice such their Rights and Interests, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an lnstruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Haddingtoun, An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers &c. granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of his late

Roads. Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Dunglass ’,

to the Town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Jhaughburn, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from to the

Town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to -

burn, in the County of Haddingtoun.

Ordered, That Colonel do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Walsh’s Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord-Name. ing to Order, a Bill to enable William heretofore

called William Moseley, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of , pursuant to the Will of William Waljh, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Fleckjr A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Iadofure. mon pjeus of Fleckney, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Fitzherbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

_ Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

and Mean*. ^rom the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for Vailing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed j him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and after-terwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, be defrayed out of the Monies anting by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Hou fe

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.; and Mr. Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Poppleton Mr. Edward Lascelles reported from the Committee, Jaclosure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Stinted Pastures, and other Vot. 32.

Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Poppleton, and a Piece of Waste Ground called Sc aglet horpe Moor, in the Manor of Scaglethorpe, all in the County of the City of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties-concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satistadtion of

the Committee; except Mr.....Haughton, who is pofj

fefied of an Estate of the Yearly Value of £.31, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, because he was going to fell; and also, except the Owner of a Cottage, of about 1 the Annual Value of £. 2. who was not known till too late to apply to; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, arc of the Annual Value of £. 1,031 17J.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had d’-redted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Haxby Common Arable Fields, and the Moor, or Common, ncoure« within the Township of Haxby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for keeping down the Interest of Money borrowed.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, and the Moor, or Common, within the Township of Haxby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Robinfou reported from the Committee, to Orton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- Inclosure. mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Orton, in the County of Westmoreland, was committed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned, had given their Conleftt to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Jennet Overend,

Robert Teafdal,'Thomas Wharton, and Edward Taylor,

who severally refused to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose it, and who are together possessed of Estates in the Parish of Orton, to the annual Amount of £.85. 10s.; and except Thirty-three other Persons, whole Estates, in the said Parish are in the Whole of the Yearly Value of £. 453. 6s.; and that the Whole of the Yearly Value of the Estates in the said Parish, is £ 1,745. 16s.); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The

Account presented; Alienation Office.

Coinage.

t-aoghton<

en-le-

Morthen

Inclosure.

23® Mariii — 4" Aprilis. . A. 1769.

The House being informed, that Mr. Horsfall, from the Commissioners of the Alienations, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, An Account of the Payments out of the Alienation Office, for his late Majesty’s Civil Government, and for the Support and Maintenance of his Houftiold and Royal Family, from the last Day of Trinity Term 1752 to the last Day of Trinity Term 1760; distinguishing each Year,

and the several Heads of Expence: And the same Account, from His present Majesty’s Accession to the last Day of Hilary Term 1761, and from thence to the last Day of Hilary Term 1769; distinguishing each Year, and the several Heads of Expence.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled.

We the Commissioners of Alienations, pursuant to an Address of this Honourable House, do-humbly certify, that this is a true Account of the Payments for his late Majesty’s Civil Government, and for the Support and Maintenance of his Houshold and Royal Family, from the last Day of Trinity Term 1752 to the last Day of Trinity Term 1760; distinguishing each Year, and the several Heads of Expence: And the same Account from His present Majesty’s Accession to the last Day of Hilary Term 1761, and from thence to the last Day of Hilary Term 1769 j distinguishing each Year, and the several Heads of Expence.

Paid for the Charge of the Hanaper in the Court of Chancery from the last Day of Trinity Term 1752 to the last Day of Trinity Term Paid D° for the Year ended D®

Paid D° for D®

Paid D® for D® -

Paid D® Paid D" N.B.

s.

1753. 2,000 © o

1754. 2,000 o o

1755. 2,000 O o

1756. 2,000 O O

1757. 2,000 O O

1758. 2,000 O O

1759. 2,000 O O

1760. 2,000 O O The Accounts of this Office are made up at

the End of every Term; and therefore this Account is delivered in to that Period.

Paid D® for D® Paid D" for D®

for D® for D®

Paid for the Charge of the Hanaper in the Court of Chancery, from His present Majesty’s Accefli >n, 2 5 th i October £ s. d.

1760, to the End of Hilary Term 1761 608 l9 6

Paid D® from the End of Hilary Term

1761 to D® - - 1762. 2,000 0 0

Paid D® for the Year ended D® 1763- 2,000 0 0

Paid D® for D® - 1764. 2,000 0 0

Paid D® for D® *7 65- 2,000 0 0

Paid D* for D* 1766. 2,000 0 0

Paid D® for D® - 1767. 2,000 0 0

Paid D® for D® - . - 1768. 2,000 0 0

Paid D® for D® - 1769. 2,000 0 0

Cor. Cay.

G. Court hope.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for making perpetual an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of Coinage of Money, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the Fifth Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday the Fourth Day of April next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Martisy 40 die \

Anno 90 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1769. Prayers.

SIR Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several 20

Open Fields, Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors and Lordshipsof -

then, and Slade Hooton, in the Parish of Laughton-en-le-Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed} and to whom the Petition of the several' Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested, in the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Lordships of Laughton - en-le-Mor-then and Slade Hooton, in the Parish of Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York; was referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel} and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

And the House being' informed, that some other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An

9 Geo. III. 40 Aprilis.

349

Ryflip An ingrafted Bill fot4 inclosing and dividing several

Inclosure. Woods and Wood-lands, and a certain Close, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Wood Close, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of St. Catherine End, in the Parish of Ryjlip, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing and dividing several Woods and Wood-lands, and a certain Close, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of St. Catherine End, in the Parish of Ryjlip, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Betolph, An ingrafted Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His ^Streett^ present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of St. Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East Srr.ithf eld ,in the Precinct of St, Catherine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the same; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass j And that the Title be, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, An Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of St. Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East Smithfield, in the Precinct of St. Catherine;and for cleansing, lighting and watch-

ing, the fame; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Aubvn’» a Bill for building a Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Plymouth ^ari^ of Stoke Damerell, in the County of Devon, was Dock. read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. J Mr. Parker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Devon. ‘ A Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor, in the Poor sRelief. county of Devon> was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John -ler, Mr. Parker, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all that come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Westminster A Petition of the Governor and Company of the New Paving. River brought from Chadwell and Amwell, in the Coun-. ty of Hertford, to London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for raising a Fund, for completing the several Purposes of the Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for other Purposes j &nd letting forth. That the Powers granted by the said Acts have been found very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for varying, altering, and amending, the said Powers so granted to the said Commissioners, in and by the said former Acts; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think li:.

Vol. 32.

Ordered, That 'it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of Daniel Earl of Wand Not ting- Fleet Prison, ham, was *prefenfed to the House, and read; Setting fcc* forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes of the House, that Two Petitions of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, have been presented to the House, for a Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement between those Petitioners and the Lords of the Treasury, and the Bishop of Ely, for removing the Fleet Prison to Ely House, in Holborn; and that a Bill has been brought in for such Purposes; and representing to the House, that the Petitioner is feiled in Fee of a very considerable Estate, consisting of Ground to a great Extent, and Houses to a considerable Number, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, most of which are inhabited by Persons of great Wealth and Fortune* particularly of a Street called Hatton Garden, which, through the Care and Attention of the Petitioner and his Predecessors, is now, and for a long Time past hath been, the Residence of Persons of the most respectable Characters; and that the Removal of the Fleet Prison to Ely House will be necessarily followed by the assigning to the same a certain Precinct, or Liberty, called The Rules, which will at once be a Refuge to Prisoners, and a Temptation to others to become so; and that the bare Apprehension, that the Rules of the said intended Prison will be of such an Extent as to include the Street called Hatton Garden, has determined many of the Inhabitants thereof to quit their, Houses, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Consequence whereof will be, that, instead of a Set of reputable and responsible Men, the Petitioner will have for his Tenants hardly any but Bankrupts, Insolvents, and Persons of the most infamous and profligate Characters: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Rector, and Churchwardens, and Ditto. Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Andrew, -born, in the County of Middlesex; and’ also of the Pari fhioners of the said Parish, inhabiting the several Streets and Places following, that is to say, Hatton Garden, Kirby Street, Crops Street, Grevill Street, Brook Street, Holborn below the Bars, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Persons interested therein, was also presented to the House and read; also taking Notice of the said Petitions of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and of the said Bill; and representing to the House, That the Removal of the said Prison out of the City, into the County of Mid- -dlesex, is by no Means necessary: and that theerefting a Prison of such a Magnitude as to contain the Prisoners usually secured in the Fleet, and the consequent Exten-fion thereof, so ds to include within the Rules or Liberties of the same the Street called Hatton Garden, and the other Places before-mentioned, will be productive of many mischievous Consequences, and will tend to the great Injury of the Petitioners; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Resort of indigent and ne-ceffitous Persons thereto, as being within the Rules of the Fleet Prison, will be so great, as to render the Burthen of maintaining their Poor intolerable: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for veiling Ely 4 U House,

Bowc% Src. Roads.

Orton

Inclosure.

Leicester

to

Hinckley

Road.

Youlthorpe

Inclosure.

350 4* Aprilis. A: 1709.

House, in Hollorn, with the Appurtenances, in the Crown, and the Scite of the Fleet Prison, with the Appurtenances, in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for making Compensation to the Lord Bishop of Ely and his Successors, be read a Second TimlS; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit. '

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Aik for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmoreland; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden to Kaber Croft j

and also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works at Taylor Big, and to Tan Hill, and King's Pitts i and also the Road from Barrow Brow, to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Aik for continuing, and rendering more eflcdual, an Aik for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmoreland; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Castle, to Kaber; and also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works at TRig, and to Tan Hill, and King's Pitts; and also the Road from Barrow's Brozv, to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties; and from Tan Hill, and King's Pitts, to Beck Crooks, and Punchatt Pasture West Gate, to W Lane Head, and by Lilly Jocks, to Reeth.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Orton, in the County of Wwaf read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Aik for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Orton, in the County of Westmoreland'.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effclkual, an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and other Roads, and for other Purposes in the said Aik mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and from Leicester V) Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Town ship of Youlthorpe, in the Fall Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass . And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of in the

East Riding of the County of York.

21

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Polk on Hafelden's Wo/Sd, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to -dore Heath, and other Roads in the County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Golford Green to Tanner's Vent; for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Aik, with respelk to the other Roads therein contained; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road, in the Pari th of Tenter den, through to the

Turnpike Road in the Parish of in the-

said County; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Aik t<$ repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Post on Hafelden's Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath,. 2nd other Roads in the County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Golford Green to Tanner's Vent; for enlarging the Tetm and Powers of the said Aik, with respelk to the other Roads therein contained; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Newenden, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repealing so much of Two several Aiks of Parliament, made and passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of Chester: and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence, through Tarviit, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester; and for more eflelkually repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross in Tarvm aforesaid; was read a Second Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crew, Mr. Townshend, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manors and Pari (hes of Holyrood Ampney, otherwise Ampney and

Ampney Mary, otherwise Ashbrook, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Aik for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manors and Parishes of Holyrood Ampney, otherwise Ampney Cruets, and Ampney Mary, otherwise Aftibrook, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Scudamore, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

Hafeldrn Wood, &c. Road I.

Chester

to

Stafford

Roads.

Ampney

Inclosure.

Chipping

Norton

Inclosure*

Foppleton

inclosure.

Foundation

of

Queen*

College

Oxford.

Duchess of Somerset*» Will

Bedford

Charity.

Saint

Bartholomew

(London)

Streets.

Prebendary of St. Paul London, Leafing.

9 Geo. III. 4° Aprilis. 3 51

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Stinted Pastures, and Ladbrok, Mr. Walter, &c.: And they are to meet this other Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Pop- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s, pleton, and a Piece of Waste Ground called S eaglet horpe Chamber.

Moor, in the Manor of Scaglethorpe, all in the County *

of the City of York, was read the Third Time. A Petition of John Trenchard, Esquire, was presented Charminster

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for Inclosure* be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open dividing and inclosing several Common Fifclds, Meadow Fields, Meadows, Ings, Stinted Pastures, and other Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Poppleton, in the Parish of , in the County of Dorset; and a Piece of Waste Ground called Scaglethorpe Moor, and setting forth. That the Petitioner is Impropriator in the Manor of Scaglethorpe, all in the County of the of, and entitled to, all the Tithes, both Great and Small,

City of York. in the said Parish, and is also Owner of Lands there, and

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Lafeelles do carry the interested in the several Common Fields, Meadow Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the said An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parish; and, should the said Bill pass into a Law in the for the better Establishment of the Foundation of John Manner it now Hands, the Petitioner apprehends, he may Mickell, Esquire, in The Queen*s College, in the Univer- be greatly affected and injured thereby: And therefore fity of Oxford; and for other the Purposes therein praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against mentioned; was read the First Time. the said Bill, or such Part, thereof as affects or injures his

Refohed That the Bill be read a Second Time. Property.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill for felling the Capital Messuage, or Mansion House, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his. called Percy Lodge, and divers Lands and Heredita- Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his laid Pc-ments, in the County of Bucks, devised by the Will of tition, if he thinks fit.

the Moll noble Frances late Duchess Dowager of So- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-. merfet-, and for laying out the Money arising by such mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at.

Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; was laid Petition.

read the First Time. Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the said

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Committee.

Mr. Whitbread presented to the House, according to Mr. Craven presented to the House, according to Or- Aflibuiy Order, a Bill for repealing An Act, made in the Fourth der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for en- Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, Com-larging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and monsand other Commonable Lands, in the Parish, of regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of Ashbury, in the County of Berks: And the same was re- the Estates, given by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and ceived; and read the First Time.

Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford, and for the better Management and Distribution of the said A Bill td enable William heretofore called Wil- WaKh’s

Charity: And the same was received; and read the First Ham and his Issue, to take and use the Surname1 Name*

Time. and Arms of Walsh, pursuant to the Will of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Walsh, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, Mr. Walter, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, an Act of the 28th of his late Majesty, for the better en- at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, lightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the A Bill for the establishing and well-governing a House Magdalen Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London-, and re- for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of Coagulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Penitent Prostitutes; and for extinguishing the ' Right Parish; and for impowering the Trustees, in the said of Common of and in certain Lands, in Saint George's Act named, to pave the said Streets, and other Places Fields, the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the within the said Parish, and to remove Anhoyances and County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Obstructions; was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Beau-

Ref olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title champ, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet this

be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s of the 28th of his late Majesty, for the better enlighten- Chamber. v

ing and cleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets, >

Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish A Petition of several of the Owners of Houses and BlackFriar* of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London-, and regulating Ground, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Chrifi , ®r^e the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish; in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and for impowering the Trustees, in the said Act named, and read ;Setting forth, That, by the Bill now* do* to pave the said Streets, and other Places within the said pending, for making a new Road from Black Friars Parish, and to remove Annoyances and Obstructions. Bridge, the Petitioners are informed, a Piece of Ground Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill to is proposed to be purchased, of the Breadth of Eighty

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Feet, for the Space of Seven hundred Yards, or there-

abouts, in Length, through the Center of the -.aid Pa-An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act rifli, for such Road; and that the Liberty of Building to enable the Reverend Christopher Wilson, Doctor in upon their own Lands, for the Space of Twenty Feet Divinity, Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of Saint on each Side of such Road, is to be for ever taken away Paul, London, to make and grant, unto the Mayor and from the Owners, without any Recompence; and that Commonalty and Citizens of the City at London, a Lease the Petitioners consent to part with so much of their Proof the Prcbcndal Estate of Ha Hi well and Finsbury, in the perty as will be necessary for the Accommodation of the Suburbs of the said City, for a Term of Ninety-nine Public; but it will be a great Hardship upon them to Years, was read a Second Time. be restrained from the Liberty of building upon their

Vol. 32. own

Blnckfriars

Bridge,

&c.

Road.

KTricbythore

Inclosuit.

,n

35^ 40 Aprilis. 1769.

own Lands, as such Lands must thereby be rendered to- is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their tally unprofitable to the Owners; and that the Peti- Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said tioners hope no Clause will be suffered to {land in the Petition, if they think fit.

said Bill, to render of no Value any Part of the Land of OrThat it be an Instruction to the said Com-the said Parish, by restraining the Ownersfrom the Liberty mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the of building thereon; And therefore praying. That they same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Petition.

Parts of the said Bill as may a fifed them, or may have

such Relief as the House shall think proper. A Petition of the Governor and Company of Wettr.ief^r

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Water Works, was presented to the House, and read} Pav,1)£ until the Report be received from the Committee, to Taking Notice of the Bill for raising a Fund, forcom-whom the Bill for making a Road from the South End pleting the several Purposes of the Acts passed, for of Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road, paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, cross Saint George's Fields, and from thence to some Place Lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of at or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Westminfiand Parts adjacent, and for other Purposes } Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, was commit- and letting forth, that the Petitioners find themselves ted j and that the Petitioners be then heard by their under Difficulties, from several Powers already granted Counsel, upon their said Petition if they think fit. to the Commissioners for paving the said City and Liber-

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, ties of Westminster, by the Acts now in Force; and are at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the apprehensive of being further aggrieved by the said Bill: laid Petition. And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in

the said Bill for the Relief of the Petitioners, in such A Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put in Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom making, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads the said Bill is committed, in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint

George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act CWchester's Surrey; and Lewisham, in the County of Kent j was for veiling the Real Estates, late of Richard Chichester, Estates presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of Esquire, deceased, in England, in Trustees, to be sold, the Bill for making a Road from the South End of to raise Money, to be applied to pay off* the Legacies Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road, cross charged upon and affecting the fame, and the Interest Saint Georges Fields, and from thence to some Place at thereof under the Direction of the Coiirt of Chancery j or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey; and setting Second Time.

forth, that the Petitioners are willing, after the said _ Ref That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tucker, Roads shall be made, to take the same under their Di- Sir Francis Vincent, &c.: And they are to meet this redion, and to undertake to repair, watch, and light, the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s fame, without any additional Toll upon the said Roads, Chamber, except a Toll to be taken at a Gate to be erected on or

at the intended Circus in Saint George's Fields, if the An ingrossed Bill from the Lofds, intituled, An Act Wolmly House shall think (proper to grant them the proper for changing and altering the Course of Descent of Co- Manor*. Powers for carrying' such Undertaking into Execution, pyhold Estates, held of the Manor of Wolverly, in the which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be the least bur- County of from the Nature of Borough -

thenfome, and most effectual for answering the Inten- HJh to the Course of Descent according to Common Law, tions of the said Act: And therefore praying. That was read a Second Time.

Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the Purposes Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdef-kforesaid. well, Mr. Wood, &c.: i^nd they are to meet this

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Consideration of a Committee j And that they do exa- Chamber, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House: An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Robert for naturalizing Gerard Backus and Leonard , was Holls* Ladbroke, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, read a Second Time. Nat.

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Al-have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- derman C: And they are to meet cords. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

: A Petition, of George Atkinson and John Atkinson, of

Temple Sowerby, in the Parish of Kirkbythore, in the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Westminster County of Wefimorelatid, was presented to the House, Account of the Number of Square Yards newly paved, Paring,

aind read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and within the City and Liberty of Westminster, under the inclosing Down Moor, within the Parish of Kirkbythore, Direction of the Commissioners for paving, lighting, and in the County of Wefimorelatid; and setting forth, that cleansing the Streets; distinguilliing the Number of the Petitioners as Proprietors of Houses and Lands Square Yards in the Carriage Ways paved with new within the Manor or Township of Temple Sowerby afore- or squared Stones, and the Number of Square Yards said, or otherwise, are interested in the said Down Moor: paved with old Stones, or sized Pebbles; and also an and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Account of the Number of Square Yards of Foot Hands their Rights and Properties will be greatly pre- Paving, completed, within the said City and Liberty, judged: and therefore praying. That they may be under their Direction; and also an Account of the total heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of Amount of the Monies expended on such Paving, from the said Bill as may affect their Rights and Properties, the Commencement of the Work to the present Time; and that they may have such Relief therein, as to the together with an Account of the Annual Expence of House shall Icem meet. keeping the same in Repair, and of lighting and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the cleansing the Streets so paved; and also of the total Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill Amount of the Monies expended for Extra Work under

- the

9 Geo. III. 4° April 353

the same Direction; and the total Amount of the Mo* the Times of Annual Exercise, in the Year 176?,

- nies Annually rated upon the Inhabitants, for the which have been transmitted to the Office of Secretary Purposes before mentioned. of State, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act of

Parliament, palfed in the Sixth Year of His present Westminster Ordered, That the Treasurer to the Commissioners Majesty.

Paving, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, And the Titles of the said Returns were read.

and Lanes, within the City of IVejVmiii/ler,&c, do, To- , That the said Returns do Ije upon the Table, morrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole to be perused by the Members of the House.

House, to whom the Bill for raising a Fund, for com- The said Returns are preserved amongst the other

pleting the several Purposes of the Acts passed, for Papers of this Session.

paying, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets

Lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of The House being informed, that Mr. Speer, from the Account Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for other Purposes, Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and Dispositioa iscommirred. at the Bar,- presented to the House, pursuant to their of Grants.

Ordered, That the Clerk to the said Commissioners do Address to His Majesty,

attend the said Committee, at the same Time. Ap Account shewing how the Monty given for the

Ordered, That the Surveyor to the said Commissioners Service of the Year 1768 hps been disposed of, distin-

do attend the said Committee, at the same Time. guished under the several Heads, until the 4th Day of

April 1769; and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with.

Wiliu*. Mr. Wood presented to the House, pursuant to their the Deficiency thereupon.

Address to His Majesty, And then he withdrew.'

Several other Returns of the State of the Regiments, And the Title of the said Account was read.

Battalions, and Independent Companies of Militia, at The said Account is as followeth; viz.

VOL.

4X

Ao

Am ACCOUNT shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1768 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 4th. Day of April 1769, and'

the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

D

c9'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

rT

SERVICES.

{For the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 16,000 Men, including 4,287 Marines, from the 1 ft January 1768 ——

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1768.

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above the Works proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1768 -

S

c

5)

€ \

For Ordnance, Sea Service....

For Ditto, - - Land Service ——

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1767. ——

y-For defraying the Charge ^f 17,253 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jetfry, for the Year 1768 ——

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded islands, and Africa, for the Year 1768 ----- - . -

For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irifl Establishment of 6 Regiments of Foot, serving in the Isle of Many at Gibraltar, Minorca* and the Ceded! (lands, for the Year 1768 -

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain^ fer the Service of the Year 1768 - -

For the defraying the Charge of Full-pay, for 366 Days for the Year 1768, to Officers reduced with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from 10 to 9 Companies, and who remained #n Half-pay at the 24th Day of December 1765 -

For Pensions to Widows of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1768 -

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, upon Account, for the Year 1768 -

For defraying the Charges for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentleman of the 2 Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1768 -

Towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chdfca Hospital, for the Year 1^68

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces and other Services, incurred to the 25th Day of December l_ 1767, and not provided for by Parliament

£- d.

790,400----

416,403 — n

277*954 -

41,600-----

159,328 11 6

68,944 12 11

606,221 12 1 of

396,950 4 9f

7.226 17 2J

>2,237 7 3

5.227 14 —

1,536----

»3M3>-----

1.715 >3 —

108,949 *7 <

199,988 4 2

Sums voted. Sums paid.

£ * ' . £. s. d.

>.484,757 — >> 1,238,883 13 7

269,873 4 5 *69,873 4 5

1,472,484 10 ioJ 1,472,484 to 10J

Remains to be paid.

*45.873 7 3i

534 40 . 1769.

o

r«

o>

v)

Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trad reposed in them by Parliament.

For maintaining and ftipporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1768 -----....

For defraying the Charge* of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, anti the incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1767 to the 24th of June 1763 ——

For defraying the Civil Establishment of East Florida, and the incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24 of June 1767 to the 24 of June 1768 - -

For defraying the Civil Establishment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24 of June 1767 to the *4 of June 1768 ——

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1768 - -

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Government of Senegambia, for the Year 1768 -

For maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of -

Towards enabling the Governors of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th of March 1760, from the 31st of December 1767 exclusive to the 31st f December 1768 inclusive - -

To enable the Governors of the said Hospital to put out Apprentice such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th of March 1760 ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of Addresses of the House of Commons -Towards carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Amo 1758, on the 5th Day of July 1767

o

e

M

*0

vn

to

e

C

53.480

2,000 — — 3,895 i 11

3,986 — —

4.75°----,

4,400-----

2,036 14 — j

5.550----,

73.000 ---- j

29.000 ---- — j

2,000 -

10,500 ---- j

5.000 — —

2,000 —

3,895

1 II

3,986 — —

4 ,75°----

4,4°° —

2,036 14

5,55° —

13/300----

29.000 — —

2.000 — -10,500 — -

5/300 — -

59,322 x6 jo

88,435 19 6{

8,750

To replace to D° the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anm 1763, on the 10th of October 1767 ——

To replace to D* the like Sum paid thereout, to discharge for One Year and One Quarter ended the 25th of December 1767, the Annuities attending the Remainder of the Joint Stock, established per Act 30 Georgii 3ia in respect of certain Navy, Victualing, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, which were redeemed, pursuant to an Act 70 Georgii 3^, with the Charges of Management for the same Time ——

To replace to D° the like Sum issued thereout to pay 3 Months Annuity to the 5th of January 1768, on £.875,000 then paid off pursuant to an Act 70 Georgii 3tU, in Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities, amounting to £ 3,500,000, established by an Act 30 Georgii 3tU ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1766, at Lady Dcy 1768 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1766, at Michaelmas 1768 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1767 ——

Towards the extraordinary Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act of Parliament i# Georgii 3tU -

To pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £. 1,800,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act of the 7th Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and charged upon the first Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1768, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same - -

To pay off and redeem the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act 30 Georgii 3lli, and charged upon several additional Duties upon Wines imported, and certain Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by the said Act, 13c.

Tor Discount on prompt Payments to the Contributors of £. 1,900,000 raised by Annuities and a Lottenr, pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3,u, and for Rewards to the Bank of England for receiving the fidd Contributions, and paying the same into the Exchequer ....

209,98914

209,98914 i}i

27M39 to 252,920 12 392,484 4 8,707 14

*.835.755 *3 3i 2,625,000 — — *3.555 *64

7 *’53910

392,484 4 9,707 *4

*.835.755 *3 I

2,625,000 — —

*3.555 16

so

O

w

o

A

H*

252,920 12 5$

£ 8,923,185 1 74f 8,424,391 17

498>793 *9 9

cn

Can

/ >

750,000----

t,500,000 —

I,£00,000 — —

I >900,000-----

2,250,000 — — 400,000 -

3>255 *3 5 7o,coo — "

106,358 17 *

Ways and Means towards the said Services.

Iiy the Malt Duty continued Anno 1768.

By y.per Lib. on Land.

By Exchequer Biils charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

By Annuitxs and a Lottery.

Out of the Sinking Fund.

Of Money pavaile by the East India Company, pursuant to an Act 70 Georgii 3l,f.

Our of the Duties upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, granted by an Act 50 Gcnrgii 3th.

Out of the Produce of the several Duties directed by Acts of Parliament to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament towards the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the Eritijk Colonies and Plantations in America.

Out of Money received for Provisions delivered to the Troops in America, and of certain Sums charged on the Pay of the Forces in Minorca, the Florida: and Africa, the Balance of the 12d. per Lib. from the Pay of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of Monies in the Hands of the Earl of Kinnoull, and the Executors of the late Earl of Darlington, and the late Thomas Potto^ Esq.

*>779*6'4 *J *

1+3.57' 6 3i

Deficiency of the Ways and Means.

8,9*3,185 17 45

a

CQ

N

CD

Cl

CD

o

r>

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid.

There rem uns in the Exchequer of the Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic Ditro of the Duties directed by A£$ of Parliament to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British

Colonies and Plantations in America....

Which Duties having been given for £.70,000, and having produced into the Exchequer, to this Day, no more than £.27,528. 4*. 7 there remains to be raised or made good

The Charge upon the Surplus Produce of the Sinking Fund, £, s. d.

granted as Part of the Ways and Means 2,250,000 — —

Whereof hath been applied out of such Pro- £. /. d.

4UCe.....h737>511 11 31

Raised by Exchequer Bills, on Credit of the said Fund, and applied for the Public Service - - - - 206,612 1% 7!

' ^944^24 3

Remains to be applied, to complete the said

Sum of - - - - 2,250,000 ——

£ s. J.

1,087 4 3i

5787 >7 8

4*»471 *5 4»

305,87s 16 1{ *

Deficiency of the Ways and IV^eans granted to answer the Services -

But if the Sum wanting to complete the above £. 70,000* for defending the Colonies, be added

The Deficiency will then be

Memorandum: The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Moqey is provided, a rtf as follow; e/z.

For the late Marine Regiments ——

For the late African Company’s Creditors -

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496. 19/, i\ d.

Towards building a Lazaret ....

Ul

On

3SS>*« >3

143,571 6 3!

4M71 *5 4

186,043 1 4

0

V

c ’ a.

10,506 5 2}

9OO 12 10

570 *7 7i 5,000 -

£ 16,977 15 7}

Presented the 4th Day of Jpril 1769, by

Speer.

1

C1

Os

'o

laidfton*, &c. &oad $.

(irminghnm

Street*

Hackfjriar*

' Bridge Roads.

9 Geo. III.

4° — 50 Aprilis.

357

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone, through Debiting, to Key Street, in the Parillies of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from Maidstone, through Debt ling, to Key Street, in the Pa-riflics of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Marshamdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 50 Aprilis;

Anno 9° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1769,

Prayers.

A Pet it ion of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, in Behalf of themselves, and others, was pfefented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages, within the Town of Birmingham> and for cleansing and lighting

the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and setting forth, That by the said Bill, a Tax is propdfed to be raised, upon the Petitioners and other Inhabitants, for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid; and that the Petitioners are satisfied, that this Bill will be a very great Burthen to many of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and will greatly affect their Trade and Manufactures: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Thr ale reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,'An Act for making, widening, and keeping, in repair several Roads in the several Parishes ‘ of Lambeth, Newington,. Saint George Soutkzvark, and Bermcitdfey, in the County of Surrey, and Lezvisham, in the County of Kent, was referred, That. the*Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Peter Theobalds-, YLfqunc, informed your Committee, That the said Trustees were willing, after the Roads from Black Friars Bridge to the present Turnpike Road cross l George's Fields, and from thence to some Place near the House called the Bog and Buck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, should be made, to undertake the repairing, lighting, and watching the fame, without any additional Toll, except a Toll to be taken at a Gate proposed to be erected at or near the intended Circus, near Saint George's Fields, if proper Powers may be granted to them for that Purpose in the Bill now depending in this House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Vol. 32.

to whom the Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross Saint George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called the Dog and Buck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill to impower the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign ‘of his late Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bertnondsey, in the County of Surrey, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent, after the said Roads shall be made as directed by the said Bill, to repair, watch, and light the fame.

Sir John Molesworth reported from the Committee, to Rolle’* whom the Bill for discharging certain Estates of Denys Estates* Rolle, Esquire, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, from the Uses thereof limited and declared, and for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the Purchase Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for settling other Estates in the County of Devon, of greater Value, to the like Uses; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iti his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Oaken Bark mittee, to whom the Petition of the Tanners, whole Preservation. Names are thereunto subscribed, residing within the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, is referred.

Mr. George Brudettell reported from the Committee, Fleckney to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the , Open and Inclosure. Common Fields of Fleckney, in the County of was committed, That the Committee had examined thp Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except John Food, John Sharpless, and William Coltman, who together are possessed of One Yard Land, and Three Quarters of a Yard Land in the said Field's, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Fields intended to be inclosed, consists of Forty-seven Yard Lands, and One Quarter of a Yard Ldnd; and that no Person appeared before the Committee* to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the.Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by . the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. George Brudtnell reported from the Committee, Ttiurlfton to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields of Thurlston, otherwise Thul/lou, in the County of Leicester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties con-

4 Y , cerned

35^ 5° Ap

cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table* Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question severally put» thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

SuJbrook A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, lodofure. Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Sudbrook, within the Manor and Parish of Ancaster, in the County of was read a Se-

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Darley Moor An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Roads. from Darley Moor, in the County of to Ellaftou,

in the County of Stafford and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and in the said Coun-

ties of Derby and Staffordwps read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Darley Moor, in the County of , to , in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road betweeen Leek and Aftiborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cheadle, An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Cheadle, to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Calder Mr. Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom Navigation, the Bill for extending and continuing navigable the River Calder to or near Soiverby Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax, and for making navigable the River Hebble, Halig, or Halifax Brook, from Brooks Mouth, to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the county of ; and for repealing an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty for those Purposes; was committed and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester, Rochdale, and Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Sow-erby, Soyland, War ley, and Norland, in the County of York, in Behalf of themselves and others; and also the Petition of William Banks, of Leeds, in the County of York, Merchant; and also the Petition of the Lessees and Occupiers of Quarries and Delves of Slate Flags and Stone, adjoining or near the River Calder, between Wakefield and Sower by Bridge, in the County of York; and also the Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Mills, contiguous to, or near unto, the River Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the several Merchants and Manufacturers, in the Neighbourhood of the said River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Traders, of the Town of Halifax, and the Neighbourhood thereof^ whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, adjoining and

near to the River Colder, between Wakefield and Sower by Bridge, in the County of York -, and also the Petition of several Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, and others, near the River;

were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Second, Fourth, and Fifth-mentionec! Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made teveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

The Lord North reported to the House, That their Africa® Address of the 20th Day of March last, that His Ma- Fwru. jesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Survey be made of -the Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, which are under the Management of the Committee of Merchants trading to Africa, by such Person or Persons as His Majesty thall appoint for that Purpose; and that a Report of the State and Condition of the said Forts and Settlements be prepared, in order to be laid before this House at the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament; and also the Address of the 2 tft Day of the same Month, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this Hpufe, that H« will give Directions, as desired by the said Addresses.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Ble-i worth Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blidworth, Iodosure. in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Willoughby, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pennant reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act Eftatf. for veiling the settled F.state of John Barrow, in the v County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Oxford navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, _ r° at or near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, canaL was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to tire Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 10, After " Yates'* to insert " Eliz. Crook,

" George Horne, D. D.

" kins,..... JefferJon, D. D. Thomas Jackson, Francis King, Thomas " Power, Sophia P ley del I, ..

" t her ell, Robert IVhalley, M. D.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended ac the Table accordingly.

Resolved,

- <^»

Scotland;

Improvement

fit Lands.

Irchester

Itdafure.

VTrlfminster

Paving.

Ditto.

9 Geo. III. 5°- — 6° Jprilis.

359

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And. that the Title he. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir Roger do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tellers for the Noes, ' } 84.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve.itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held under Settlements of strict Entail, in that Part of Great Brit am called Scotland: And that the Lord Advocate, of Scotland and Sir Alexander mour do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Qpen Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Knuston, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Refdved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other C6mmonable Lands and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Knuston, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That Mr. , from the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City of Westminster, &c. attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House', pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of square Yards newly paved, within the City and Liberty of , under

the Direction of the Commissioners for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets; distinguishing the Number #f square Yards, in the Carriage-ways, paved with new or squared Stones, and the Number of square Yards paved with old Stones, or sized Pebbles: and also an Account of the Number of square Yards of Foot Paving, completed, within the said City and Liberty, under their Direct ion; and also an Account of . the total Amount of the Monies expended on such Paving, from the Commencement of the Work to the present Time; together with an Account of the Annual Expence of keeping the same in Repair, and of lighting and cleansing the Streets so paved i and also of the total Amount of the Monies expended for Extra Work under the same Direction; and the total Amount of the Monies annually rated upon the Inhabitants, for the Purposes before mentioned.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a Fund for completing the several Purposes of the Acts passed, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of Westminster-, and Parts adjacent, and for other Purposes, is committed.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole House, upon - the Bill for raising a Fund for completing the several Purposes of the Acts passed, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of and Parts adja-

cent, and for other Purposes;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

i Telkrsf„r,h=Yra,{SjcS"^ } 54-

VuL. 32.

The other Orders of the Day being read t

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Dutiei oa ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Leather* House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's , and the

Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Coinage, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of Coinage of Money.

Ordered, That Lord John Cavendish b*ave Leave to Cumberland make a Motion* it being after Six of the Clock. Election.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be beard, in Support of the Charge made upon Thursiay the 9th Day of March last, against Sir Gilfred , Baronet, latq

High Sheriff of the County of Cumberland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Aprilis;

Anno 9# Georgii III,1: Regis, 1769.

Praters.

THE House being informed, that the Bill to amend Ton bridge an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s *c*

Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Ton- Road‘

bridge to Maidstone, and from Wat's Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Repair of the Road from, Wat’s Cross to Cowden, and for repairing the Roads leading from Common to

Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Town to

Southborough, in the said County; which Bill was, upon the 20th Day of ftlarc/f, last, read a Second Time, and committed"; is not properly prepared;

Ordered, That the Ibid. Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof. A.

Lord George Sackville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge id Maidstone, and from Wat's Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Repair of the Road from Wat's Cross to Cozvden; and for repairing the I^oads leading from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Halth Corner, and from Penfhurst Town to Southborough, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr, Wrottesley do caity to the Lords Chad!?, the ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from

Carnarvon

Road.

Chapman’s El taics.

Mercer*

Company.

360 6° Aprilis. . 1769.

from Cheadleto Botham House, and from thence to An ingrossed Bill for extending and continuing navi- Caller

ButtertonMoor End, in the County of Stafford, and de- gable the River to or near Brides, in Navi^iiusu

fire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto. the Parish of Halifax-, and for making navigable the

' River Helig, or Halifax Brock, from Brooks

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Mouth, to in the County of York-,

Road leading from ffaly Cafn Ferry, in the County of and for repealing an Act made in the 31st Year of hi»

Carnarvon, and through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, late Majesty, for those Purposes; was read the Third and Carnarvon, to the Town, of Pwllhely, in the same Time.

County, was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

The Amendment following was proposed to be made be. An Act for extending the Navigation of the River to the Bill; viz. Colder to Salter Hebble Bridge, and to

Pr. 3.1. . In the Lift of Trustees to insert " the Right in the County of and for repealing an Act for that " honourable James Lord Bulkeley, Purpose.

" Sir Nicholas Bayley....." Ordered, That Mr. Montagu do carry the Bill to the

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon. Lords, and desire their Concurrence, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at

the Table accordingly. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Account of all the Public Debts, at the Receipt of His be, An Act for repairing'and widening the Road lead- Majesty’s Exchequer, standing out the 5th Day of Ja-ing from Taly Cafn Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, nuary 1769, being Old Christmas'Day, with the Annual and through the Towns of Conzyay, Bangor, and Car- Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame. narvon, to the Town of Pwllhely, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Wynn do carry the Bill to the The House being informed, that Mr. from Account

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called presented;

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act their Order, Addresses.

to impower Anthony Chapman, Esquire, to grant Leases An Account of all Sums of Money which have been of Part of his settled Estates, in the County of Middlesex issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses and City of London, was read a Second Time. of this House, and which have not been made good by

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hozvard, Parliament.

Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this After- And then he withdrew,

moon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Cham- And the Title of the said Account was read, ber, - The said Account is as followed!; viz.

To the Honourable the'Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money, which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses.

of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Edward More, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons - -

To William Ewer, Esquire, Treasurer to the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Levant Seas, to assist the said Company in carrying'on their: 1 "Trade - - ’ - *

", T6 William Rowyer, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of printing Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as have been directed to be printed -

More towards defraying the Expence of printing 1250 Copies of such Parliamentary and T other Records of the House of Peers, as His Majesty shall think fit -

C d.

500 — —

£, OOQ .----

3,000 -

3,000 -

To Thomas Fynsthitt, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons of the last Session of Parliament, with a proper Index thereto; and also die Expence of reprinting the Journals and Reports of the said House, with Indexes to the said Journals - _

Exchequer, the 6th Day of April 1769.

L-

S. P. Julliott.

5,000 — — 16,500-----

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon- the of the Company of Mercers of the City of London, at-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar,

presented to the House, *

The House being informed that Mr. Cawne, Clerk A Paper intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens *4 " and

o Geo.'III. 6° Jpruti.

" and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1767 to the " 10th of 0Sober 1768, directed to be laid before each " House of Parliament, by Two Acts, One of the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the " Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London i and the other of the Fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

" intitul d. An Act for the Relief of the Bond and

" other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of /* the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London."

And then he withdrew.'

And the Title of the said Paper was reaql.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Kingsron An ingrossed Bill for dividing the Vicarage of King-UP9>1 Thames, 'n the County of Surrey, with the several Chapelries or Curacies thereto belonging, or thereon dependant, into Two separate Vicarages, and Two separate Perpetual Curacies, in such Manner as is therein mentioned, was read the Third'Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the BilJ; viz. , »

Pr. to 1. 53. After " enjoy" to insert " subject, " nevertheless, to the Conditions " and Restrictions before-mentioned, with respect to the Donations; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing the Vicarage of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, with the several Cha-} pelries or Curacies thereto belonging, or thereon dependant, into Two separate Vicarages, and Two separate Perpetual Curacies, in such Manner as is therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Dy/on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Coinage. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Houseto

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of Coinage of Money, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Kaft India Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accompany. cording to Order, a Bill for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Company, for the Payment of an Annual Sum, for a Time to be limited, in respect of the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

V’cl. 32.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance Cumberland of Sir GilfredLawfon, Baronet, late High Sheriff of the Eie<aion*

County of Cumberland;

The said Sir Gilfred Lawson, Baronet, and the Counsel on both Sides, were called in.

And the Charge made against the said Sir son, upon Thursday the 9th Day of March last, for unduly returning Sir fames Lowther, Baronet, as Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cumberland, contrary to the Majority of Votes received by the said Sheriff upon the Poll, was read.

And the Counsel in support of the said Charge was heard; and examined several Witnesses, in order to prove the said Charge.

Then the Counsel for the said Sir Gilfred Lawson waS heard; and examined several Witnesses, in answer to the said Charge. ' ‘

And the Counsel on the other Side having been heard, by way of Reply;

The said Sir Gilfred Lawson, Baronet, and the Counsel on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That it appears'to this House, that Sir G/7-fred Lawson, Baronet, late High Sheriff of the County of Cumberland, did, at the last Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, unduly return Sir James Loivther, Baronet, contrary to the Majority of Votes received by him upon the Poll; and did, after the Poll was closed, take upon himself to reject several Votes, which had been received upon the Poll in Favour of Henry Fletcher, Esquire, in order td create a Majority in Favour of Sir James , Ba-

ronet, without hearing Counsel, or admitting Evidence, in Favour of the said Votes, at the Time of rejecting them, notwithstanding his Promise to hear such Counsel, and receive Evidence in their Support.

Resolved, That the said Sir Gilfred Lawson, Baronet, has thereby acted partially and illegally, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Freeholders of the said County, and in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Motion- was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Sir Gilfred Lazvfon, Baronet, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out " taken into the-Custody of " the Serjeant at Arms attending this House," in order to insert " committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of " gate," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words "taken " into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this " House" stand Part of the proposed Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, "3-

Tellers for the Noes, f fo‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the said Sir Gilfred Lawson, Baronet, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Militia, whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Training the Militia, within that P. rt of Great Britain called England, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-mere-1’

.Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4

Rolle9!

Estates.

Pavenham

Inclosure.

Sundon

Inclosure.

Middleton

Cheney

Inclosure.

Hereford

Roads.

36a 70 Aprilis. . 1769.

Veneris, 7* die

Anno 9* Georgii III*". Regis, 17^9.

Prat brs.

AN ingrafted Bill for discharging certain Estates of Denys Rolle, Esquire, in the Counties of and Wilts, from the Uses thereof limited and declared and for vesting the same in Trustees to be sold, and applying the Purchase Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for settling other Estates in the County of Devon, of greater Value, to the like Uses i was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for discharging certain Estates of Denys Rolle, Esquire, in the Counties of and Wilts,

from the Uses thereof limited and declared; and for vesting the feme in Trustees to be sold, and applying the Purchase Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for settling other Estates, in the County of Devon, of greater Value, to the like Uses.

Ordered, That Sir John M do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com* moo Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberty of Payenham, in the County of -ford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sundon, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sundon', in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley do cany the Bill Jo the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Townships and Liberties of Upper Middleton Cheney, and Lower Middleton Cheney, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Scudamore reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Her ford-, ana 'for amending the Roads to Llancloudy Hill, and Langua Bridge’, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to Teport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a, Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

*4

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barrow’s for vesting the settled Ellate of John , in the Estate;

County or Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pennant do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor, Throujjhwid or Common, called Throughend Common, in the Parish of Inclosure. Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act, for dividing and inclosing a Moor, or Common, called Throughend Common, in the Parish of Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Blackett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Wiggmton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Inclosure. and Waste Grounds of the Township of Wigginton, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was difegreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was mack by the House, to the Bill.

And a Motion being made, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said BUI, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Angut/h:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aftr pengate, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the &c.

Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for amending the &»d«. Road from Pengate to Lattchet’s Bridge, and other Roads in the County of Wilts; and for amending several Roads near adjoining to the said Roads; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee to whom Bramley

the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Inclosure. Moors, within the Township of Bramley, in the Parish of Braithwell, in the County of York, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him toTeport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

4

o Geo. III. f Jprilis 363

severally put thereupon, several 6f them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendment* were made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Fleet ?rifon The House was moved, that the Order made upon *c. Vuefday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for veiling Ely House, in Holborn, with the Appurtenances, in the Crown, and the Scite of the Fleet Prison, with the Appurtenances, in the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for making Compensation to the Lord Bishop of Ely and his Successors; upon Monday Morning next, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confideF further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.;

A Motion was made, That the several Accounts and Estimate which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, be referred to the said Committee;

-The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House the further Care of the said Charity.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimafe be referred to the said< Committee.

Ditt*. A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon

the 3d Day of February 1767, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Padages leading to and from this House, be referred to the said Committee.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the Consideration of the Hqufe, to make such further Provision for making the Pafiuges- to and from this House more commodious, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the 31st December 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money, which have been issued, by His Majesty Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said

Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1768 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 4th Day of April 1769, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chur.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Wkitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, Vol. 32.

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to j'Jffns. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,'

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House wilt, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac* ordered! count of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer disposable by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac* Ditt*. count of the Surplus remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th of April 1769, of the Dedudions of Six Pence

in the Pound, out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries,

Pertfions, Annuities, and other Payments, from the Crown, after satisfying the Annuities or other Charges then due and payable out of the fame.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Scotland House,- according to Order, a Bill to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held under Settlements of ftrid Entail, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Sheriffs of the County of Middlesex

do apply to the Magistrates of the said County, and Ekdtion. acquaint them, that it is the Order of this House, That the said Magistrates do attend the next Election of a Knight of the Shire for the said County, and do appoint a proper Number of Constables, and take every other Means in their Power, to preserve the Peace and Freedom of the said Election.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Militia, Consideration the Report from the Committee of the-whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain; amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain, called England, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Coinaf*. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making perpetual an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of Coinage of Money,

Duties on Leather.

Foundation of Queen’s College ' OxfoixJ.

EfTe*

Con&tyGaoj*

34

io° Apr

A\176^9.

ney was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, - be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of 'Liverpool.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn-. . ing next, Nine of the Clock'.

LfUncey 10° die Aprilis\

Anno 90 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1769. Prayers,

AN ingrossed- Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Establishment of the Foundation of ’John Michel, Esquire, in The Queen's*, College, in the University of Oxford: and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir flewdigate, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of1 the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Deputy Recorder, Aldermen, Assistants, Common Council, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town or Borough of Colehefter, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Borough, amongst other Liberties, and Privileges, claims an Exemption from paying or contributing to the County Levies or Assessments; and have, for Time immemorial been absolutely exempt from the same; and do not receive, nor ever have received, any Benefit or Advantage from the County of EjJ'ex; and that there is a Gaol within the said Town to which Debtors and Felons are constantly sent; and that there are Three large and expensive Bridges within the Town, which are obliged to' be maintained at the Expence of the Corporation; and that the Petitioners find, a Bill is depending in the House, for erecting a new Gaol, at Chelmsford, in the County of Essex; and are informed, that aClause is intended to be inferred therein, expressly charging the Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and all other Precincts and Liberties, within the said County, towards levying the Sum of £. 10,000, intended to be raised for the Purposes mentioned in the said Actand, should the same pass into a Law, as it now stands, the Petitioners apprehend, it would not only incapacitate a Number of Inhabitants paying towards the Maintenance of thee Poor there, but the new Levy proposed by the Act would bring several Hundred Inhabitants renting Tenements of 40 s.a Year and under to Poverty and Di-llrefs: And therefore praying, The House will take their same into Consideration, and that the Petioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Part of the Bill, as may in any Manner burthen or aftedl them, or be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall fecni meet.

A Petition of icveral of the Principal Inhabitants, and Fasex others, of the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of County Gao. Essex, and of several Gentlemen and others, residing in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wasalfopresented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, it is intended, that a new Gaol should beeredled, on a certain Spot of Ground, whereon Two Inns, known by the Signs, of The and The White Hart, adjoining to the Market Place in the said Town of Chelmsford, now (land, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be greatly prejudicial to all Persons holding and resorting to the said Market, and to the Inhabitants of the.laid Town in general; and that the Spot whereon the County Gaol now‘stands is an healthy Situation, and more proper for the erecting a new Gaol upon than the Spot of Ground whereon the said Two Inns now stand; and that, if ithe said Bill should pals into a Law, as it now stands, the Petitioners will, in many Circumstances, be greatly prejudiced and affected thereby: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their . Counsel, against: such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioners* and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands; and that they may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet. .

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to> {he-Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of EJex, is committed: and , the Petitioner are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Peti-titions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,' that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at-the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all hive Voices, who come to the said Committee.

: An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ducbefsof for felling the Capital Messuage, or Mansion House, Somerset’* called Percy Lodge, and divers Lands and Heredita- "l1* ments, in the County of Bucks, deviled by the Will of the Most noble Frances late Duchels Dowager of -Jet; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be.settled, in lieu, thereof, to the same UTes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Delaval, Mr. Bacon,* &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman 7 ‘recothickpresented to the House, ac- Preventing cording to Order, a Bill for preventing the cutting and 7 gafliing of Sheep and Lamb Skins; and for enforcing 0 *"*’

the Sale of such Skins in Public Markets: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Roger-New digate reported from the Committee, to Bedworth whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common inclosure Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish and Township of Bedwonb, in the County of Warwick, and for regulating certain Charity Estates . within the said Parish, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Once

— -by

V

9 Geo. Ill* i o° Apritis. r- 365

Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, Ope by One $ and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, tevcral of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments are nettfflary to be made to the said BiR'

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-Committed to> the Committee, to whom the same was committed,

fPonbridge, A Bill to amend an Act of the Fifth Year of His pre-.

sent Majesty’s Reign for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Crops to Coivden, in the County of so far as the same relates to the repair of the Road from Wars Cross to Cozv-] den; and for repairing the Roads leading from Sev(ti-oakes Common to Crockhurji Hatch Corner, and from PenJ-hurst Town to SouthborougH,in the said County; was read a Second Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Sackvi/le, Mr. Coventry, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

lx«ter, A Petition of thfe Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and' read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed* in the Votes, that a Petition has been presented to the House, for Provision to be made, in a Bill to continue and render more effectual Two Acts, for amending several Roads leading from the City, of Exeter, and for repairing several other Roads* to amend the Road lead-. ing out of the Turnpike Road between Alphbgton Church, and Crab Lane, in the Parish of at or

near Rarjldll Oak Corner, to and through a Ford, acrois the River Exe, called Counters Wear, and from thedee to the Turnpike Road leading from to the

Town of Topfliam, at the Red Poji leading to Riding Lane,

and for erecting a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near the said Ford; and that the Petitioners are the Proprietors of the Navigable Canal or Water Course, with the Banks thereunto adjoining, situate within the Parish of Exminster, which Canal was made for the Purpose of bringing and carrying Mast Vessels and Boats, with Wares and Merchandizes, from the High Seas, to the said City; and that, by certain Covenants mentioned in the Purchase Deeds of the Lands through which the said . Canal wis cut, the Petitioners are bound to repair a certain moveable Bridge, erected over the said Canal* for the Convenience of the Lords of the Manor of Ex~ minster for the Time being, their Tenants and Farmers, to pass and repass, with their Corn, Hay, Cattle, and othtfr Neceflafies j that thd Road to be weened add repaired, as prayed for in the said Petition, leads to the said: moveable Bridge, and- from theace to the said Ford, called Counte/sWear and that the Petitioner apprehend,

the said Road is not. a Public Road, and that the said-. Bridge was made for no other Purpose than for the Con- , venience of the Owners of the Lands adjoining, their Tenants and Servants, so pass and rerpaf?, with their Coro, Hay, Cattle* and othet Necessaries, to their respective

1 Farms and Lands; and that, if the said Road should be re-

paired and widened, «sof only the Owners of the said Lands and their Tenants,: but aH otheroPprfons,- would pals' and re-pals over the said Bridge, with - their Hdrfes*: Coaches, Carts, and Carriages, which would do great. Damageto the said Bridge; that, in such Case, the Annual Expences attending the Repair of thei said Bridge: would he greatly increased, the Burthen of -which would' fall upon the;Petitioners; they therefore fubnvit to the House, that, in case the Provision, prayed for in the* said Petition to be made in the said Bill,. should take: Effect, it would be just and equitable, that certain Sums' of Money should be allowed'to the Petitioners, towards) defraying the Expence attending the ne<icssary Repairs and Support of the said Bridge: And therefore praying - the House, That they would take the Premises into Vot. 32.

their Consideration, and give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Samuel Webber, and Thomas Nojhvorthy, Exeter, of Topfttam, in the County of Devon, was also presented to the House, and read 4K° taking Notice of the said.

Petition: and setting forth, that the Petitioners are the.

Proprietors or Owners of a certain Ferry, or Passage, over the River Exe, at and from Topfliam, to the Marshes on the qthqr Side, called Eypi^nfter Marshes, over which there is a Public Road which leads to the said Ferry, or Passage,' and which Ferry or Passage has been Private-.

Property, for Time immemorial, and now lets at Thirty Pounds per Annum; that the Petitioners apprehend the said Road,-leading to and over the said Ford, is not a,

Public Road i and that, if the said Road should be repaired and widened, and a Bridge erected over the River Exe, at of near the said Ford, the Petitioners Income or Toll from the said Ferry or Passage, will decrease considerably, as the said Ford is at the Distance of about One Mile and Half from the said Ferry or Passage, and by which, the Petitioners will be greatly injured in their Private Property; they therefore humbly submit to the House, that, in case the said Provision prayed for in the said Petition, to be made in the said Bill, should take Effect, it, would be just and equitable that a certain Sum of Money should be allowed the Petitioners,. for the Injury they may sustain in their Private Property:

And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into their Considerition, and give them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be

referred to the Consideration of the Committee* . \ '

to whom the Bill to continue and render more effectual Twp A^V fof amending several Roads leading from the City, of j and for re-

pairing, and widening the Way or Street from the Caufrway at the Bottom of David's through Northg#te Street, to St. Pad’s and rendering the Paflagp thereof more qommo-: ' dious; and for opening a Road pr Highway from Davids Hill, through Homeds Lane, to

. The Oxford Inn, near the East Gate*, of the said City j and for repairing and widerjing the Road, from the Turnpike lload at Exweek to the.

Smith’s Shop near Cowley Bridge, in the County of Devon; and , also for repairing and widening,

. or re-building, Exe Bridge, in the County of De-\ von, and County of the City of Exeter, and for removing Obstructions in certain Ways or Streets leading from the said Bridge; and also for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near Bars Hill Oak Corner, to the Turnpike Road at the Red Post leading to Riding Lane-, and for erecting p. Bridge at or ' near a Ford called Countess Wear,[in the County. of-£>et/e»; is commUted, .

' ': ' J:

A Message from, the Lords, t by Mr.and Mr.

Montagu: ' v

; Mr. Speaker, 1 . j;

The Lords-have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Act impowering to impower the High Court of C.hapcery tp lay pqt upon the Court Govfcrortjehfc Seen rit ies,; a fu rtj i er of Moaey*. not °[

exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the; Qomoaop cmain1 and Gentraf Cash in tlue Rack bf England |bejkwgi»g\to Money, the Suitors of (the said Courtu^and to applythA fttterest; arising, thertfftoiti towards anibverwg the Charges, of the

Office of the Accountant General of the fajft Court j) withoutiawy Amendment fv And also,' t . 1

The Lords have agreed tpj.be Bill, intituled, An A^i s,lire to enable the Justices of the Peace, in the General atc-Quarter Sessions of their respective Co«riti£6.and Divi-fiona, to repair the Shire Halls, County Hails, or other Buildings, wherein the Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually held, without any Amendment: And also.

The L,ordshave passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for 5 A veiling

s.

Whitehurst'i

Estates.

Herbert's

Estates.

Ditto.

lied ford Charity.

Severn

Bridge.

Thurlfton

Inclosure.

Fleckney

Inclosure.

3 66 i o’ Aprilis A. 1769

vetting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend Thomas be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Whitehurst, Clerk, and Sarah his Wife, in the Counties- Common Fields of in the County of

of Hertford and Bedford, in the said Thomas Whitehurst, OrdThat Mr. George Brudenell do carry the Bill

in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Thomas Whitehurst, in the said County of Hertford, to

the same Uses as the said Estates were settled; to which An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Wigeiatoa the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And mon and Waste Grounds of the Townshipof Wigginton, lacloiure. also, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Agree- be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and ments, entered into between William Hurst, William Waste Grounds of the Township of Wigginioii, in the Powell, Esquires, and others, for railing Money, out County of York.

of the Estates late of Thomas Herbert, Esquire, in the Ordered, That Sir George Saddle do carry the Bin to

Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth, for Payment of the Lords, and desire their Concurrence* the Debts and Legacies of Lucy Allen, and for other Purposes; and for settling the Residue of the said Estates An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, turning, Tring, to the Uses of her Will; to which the Lords desire the and altering the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road Concurrence of this House. in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through

And then the Messengers withdrew. Hit chin, , and , to the Turnpike Road at

or near Bourn Bridge’, and from the West End of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act bury Lane, to the Turnpike Road at the South End of 1 for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, and Cam-

Agreements, entered into between William Hurst, Wil- bridge, was read the Third Time.

Ham Powell, Esquires, and others, for railing Money, Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title out of the Estates late of Thomas Herbert, Esquire, in be, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the the Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth, for Payment Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, of the Debts and Legacies of Lucy Allen, and for other through Dunstable, Hitchin, and to the

Purposes; and for settling the Residue of the said Estates Turnpike Road at or near Bourn; and from

to the Uses of her Will; was read the First Time. the West End of to the Turnpike Road at

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford

Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge.

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Fourth Year Ordered, That Mr. Halsey do carry the Bill to the of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of Estates given by Sir William Harper, Knight, and Dame for veiling Part of the Real Estate, devised and directed Shg^unie’* Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other to be purchased, by the Will of Henry Earl of Shelburne, atu* Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford; and for the in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and in better Management and Distribution of the said Charity; Yard, in the PariQi of St. Margaret, Lothbury, in the was read a Second Time. City of London, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit- and for laying out the Money arising by Sale or Mort-

bread, Mr. Walsh, fee.: And they are to meet this Af- gage thereof; in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, or ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Hereditaments in England, to be settled to the Uses of Chamber. his said Will; and for enabling the Persons therein mentioned to grant such Leases as are therein expressed;

A Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Severn, was read a Second Time, in the City of Worcester, and for opening convenient Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitz-Avenues to and from the lame, was read a Second mawrice. Colonel Barr I, &c.: And they are to meet this

Time. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walsh, Chamber.

Mr. Coxe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Whitehurst’s

for veiling Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend Estates.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Thomas Clerk, and Sarah his Wife, in the

and Common Fields of Thurlfton otherwise Tkidfton, in Counties of Hertford and Bedford, in the said Thomas the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time. Whitehurst, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates

An. ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the of the said Thomas Whitehurst, in the said County of - Bill, by way of Ryder, to oblige Persons borrowing ford, to the same Uses as the said Estates were settled;

Money, to keep down the Interest. was read the First Time.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the

Third Time, and, upon the Question put thereupon Mr. Gordon reported from the Committee, to whom Rochester agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, the Bill for paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching, an<* by way of Rider. the High Streets and Lanes, in the Parish of Saint streets, &c.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Nicholas, within the City of Rochester, and Parish of be, An Act, for dividing and indofing the Open and Strood, in the County of Kent; and for making a Road Common Fields of Thurlfton otherwise Thutfton, in the through Star Lane, across certain Fields adjoining County of Leicester. thereto, to Chatham Hill, in the said County; was com-

Ordered, That Mr. George Brudenell do carry the Bill mitted; That the Committee had examined tive Allega-to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

that the Committee had gone through the BilU and An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open made several Amendments thereunto; which they had and Common Fields of Fleckney, in the County of Lei- directed him to report to the House; and he read the cester, was read the Third Time. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Coin Saint Aldwins Inclosure.

JSxpiring

Laws.

9 Geo. Ill, io°

the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then & Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Mr, ‘tucker reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable l.ands, within the Manor and Lordship of Gobi Saint Aldwins, in the County of Gloucester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Sir John Webb, Baronet, who is possessed of z20 Acres in the said Fields and Grounds; and all'o except Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, who is possessed of 291 Acres, for the Remainder of a Lease, under the Dean and Chapter of , and

of 70 Acres of Freehold Land, in the said Fields and Grounds; and who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, consist of 1,969 Acres and an 'Half); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that some other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-commkted to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued. That ' the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at "the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting, for " a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice, from His Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina, and Georgia, directly to any Part of Am, to the Southward of " the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now " paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe, situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre," which was to continue in Force for Five Years from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament j and also, a Clause in an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s American Dominions; for repealing the lnland Duty on Coffee, imposed by an Act made in the *k- Thirty-second Year of His late Majesty King George " the Second; and for granting an Inland Duty on all Coffee imported, except Coffee Of the Growth of the

British Dominions in America; for altering the Bounties and Drawback upon Sugars exported; for re-

Vol. 32.

" pealing Part of an Act made in the Twenty-third " Year of his said late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron " made in the said Dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain;or aimed Chaftwife; and for " regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs " in the said Dominions j" which gives Liberty to export Rice from North Carolina, in the feme Mariner, and under the like Entries, Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are enacted by the said Act, made in the Fourth Yeai* of His present Majesty’s Reighj with respect to South Carolina and Georgia; are near expiring, and fit to be continued;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an. Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, " An *'_ Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and " Tiles, and t6 ascertain the Dimensions thereof; and " to prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst any " Brick-makers or Tile-makers within Fifteen Miles " of the City of London, in order to advance or enhance the Price of Bricks or Tilesand also an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to " explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year " of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and " to ascertain the Dimensions thereof; and to prevent *; all unlawful Combinations amongst any Brick-makers " or Tile-makers within Fifteen Miles of the City of " London, in order to advance or enhance the Price of " Bricks or Tilesand also an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending the Acts therein mentioned, relating to the making of Bricksare expired, and fit to be revived with Amendment^.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

The Second Resolution of -the Committee, being read a Second Time, was; upon the Question put there* upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill bc.brought in, pursuant to the Second Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House r And that Mr. Gilbert, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Simeon Stuart, and Mr. Garth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to confidcf further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do-considerof the Acts mentioned in the First Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been postponed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An, Account of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Parliament t And alfd»

An Account of the Surplus remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1769, 0! the Deductions of Sixpence in the Pound, out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying the Annuities or other Charges then due and payable out of the fame.

And. then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were.read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To

Ways

Ut<i Mckait

Accounts Dispofablo and Surplus Monies, »

Way* *nd Meant,

368 1 o° A 1769;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled*

An ACCOUNT of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Parliament.

Imprest Money repaid by the Executors of Henry Legget Esquire, late Treasurer of the Navy ——

Duties upon Cambricks and Sugars, by an Act 6* 3*" -

Duty on Exportation of Rice, imported Duty free, granted by Acts 70 et 8° 3*"

Duty on Apples imported - -

Remain of the Income of the Sinking Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1769

£ s. <?

3,849 6 6

3,669 13 5$

9,914 19 i 65 11 io£

17,509 10 11

I35*I77 15 H

152,687 6 5

Exchequer, the 10th Edwd IVtlfori.

Day of April 1769.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Surplus remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1769, of the Deductions of Sixpence in the Pound out of all.Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions,' Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying the Annuities or other Charges then due, and payable out of the fame.

The Surplus remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of 1769, of the Deductions of Sixpence in the Pound, out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying the Annuities or other Charge then due, and payable out of the fame, amounts to the Sum of Forty-two thousand Three hundred and Seventy Pounds Four Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny.

it- 1

Exchequer, the 10th Wilfard.

Day of April 1769.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Account of Monies unapplied, and now in the Hand? Account of the Agents of certain Regiments. presented s

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz. c

a.

ACCOUNT of Monies unapplied, and now in the Hands of the Agents of certain Regiments.

Money remaining unapplied of the Wihter Stoppage of Sixpence a Day* made on the Non-commission.ied Officers and Private Men of the Regiments of Cavalry, serving in Germany in the last War, amounting to Eighteen thousand Five hundred Sixty-six Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence Half-penny; for the Payment w hereof into, the Hands of the Pay-master-General, the King’s Pleasure has been signified to the respective Agents by the Secretary at War - -

Balance of the Stock Purse Account of Two Regiments of Cavalry, amounting to Three thousand Three hundred Twenty-two Pounds Teri Shillings and a Penny; for the Payment of which into the Hands of the Paymaster General, Warrants will be laid before the King

«£ St dm .,.18,566 7 8£

3,322 10 1

Total

I-

21,888 17 9

War Office, April 10 th 1769.

Barrington.

Ordered,

9 Geo. Ill* 10 Aprilis' 369

Ordered, That the said Accdunt be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the

Company* Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, haying been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read j Setting forth, That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey, has, for a long Series of Years, been carried

on by a Society of Merchants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; that, in order to tarry on the said Trade with Safety, and for protesting His Majesty’s Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found necessary that there should be an Ambafla-dor sent from England, to reside at; and

that there should be Consuls, Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants, in the other Parts of the Turkish Dominions, where any Subjects reside; or where

the English carry on Trade the whole Expence whereof has hitherto been borne by the Turkey Company, and, together with other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on the said Trade, has of late Years amounted to upwards of Ten tfioufand Pounds per Annum; and that the said Trade to and from Turkey, once so flourishing, is now, from many unavoidable Events and concurring Circumstances, much reduced; and the Petitioners are sensible, that they should not discharge the Duty incumbent upon them by their Charter, nor the -Justice they owe to the Public, if they did not declare their Inability to proceed any further, unless relieved by Parliament; and'that the Petitioners arc very thankful for the Assistance granted them by Parliament in the last' Session, which was duly applied. And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Chnfi-deration, and grant the Petitioners such further Assistance as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply* Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and aferwards delivered in at the "Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Nineteen thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds and Ten Shillings be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards ' enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate j such Children as were received into the said Hospital

« on or before the 25th Day of March 1760; from the 31st Day of December 1768 exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1769, inclusive; and that the said Sum be issued and paid, for the Use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty* upon Account, to enable the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital to put out Apprentice such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, so as the said Governors and Guardians do not give with any One Child more than

Vol. 32.

the Sum of Seven Pounds; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it i$ the Opinion of Khis Committee;

That a further Sum of Three thousand Two hundred and Thirty-one Pounds and Sixteen Shillings be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, to re-pay to the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital; being the Amount of Monies advanced by than, for Ap1 prenticing such Children as were received into the said Hospital on -or before the 25th Day of March 1760, over and above the Sums granted by Parliament for'that Purpose; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without Fee or Reward* or any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Sixteen thousand Five hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty* t6 make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued, by H is Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addreflea of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a further Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane, and Old Palaci Yard:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Refotved, That it is the- Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-six thousand Forty-three Pounds One Shilling and Seven-pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1768. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds* be granted to His Majesty, - to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements, on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, bd granted to His Majesty, for the more effectually repairing the Fort of Cape Coast Castle, on the Coast of Africa.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon^ agreed to by the House.

Sir Qharles Whitworth, according to Ordef, reported Wav* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it and Means, was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refdu-tion which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, which, by an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reigni intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, is directed to be paid, within the present Year, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by the said Company, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Ddy being read, for the House to Supply, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

S B Resolved,

IO* — 118 .

37°

Refotved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee*

W«y* The other Order of the Day being read, for the and Means. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That SUrplufcs, dated the 5th of April 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes dated the 10th Day of October 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Income of,

and Charge upon, the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of the Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the id of July 1765, which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Lands in the Klaads of DomhticO) Tob/tg and Saint Ftnceta, in 1766, which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day . of April 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sale of Lands in the Ceded Iflaods in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the 18 th Day of July 1767, which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of 'February 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War, which was presented to the House upon the yth Day of Marsh 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money given for the Serviec of the Year 1768 has been disposed of distinguished under the sevenu Heads, until the 4th t>ay of April 1769, and the Parts remaining unfetisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon j be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report when the House, will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth olio acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the-Clock.

A. 1769.

Martis, li° die Aprilis;

Anno 90 Georgii III*" Regis, 1769.

PRAYIRS.

Bnnrepeth Q1R Thomas Cldvering reported from the Committee, Inclosure. »J to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common in the Township of Tkornley, in the Parish of Wolftngkam, and within the Manor of Brancepeth) in the County Palatine of Durham) was committed } and to whom the Petition of Robert Lodge) of Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, Esqvnrc,

1%

was referred ! That no Counsel appeared in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given theif Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committees except Mrs. Ann Bowes, whose Estate in the Lands in-' tended to be indofed is of the annual Value 6. iah and also except Robert Lodge, whose Property therein is of the annual Value of £. 2. and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed is of the Value of £. 359. 191. pet Annum', and that no Person appeared before the Committee tri oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made (e-veral Amendments thereuntoj which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were difegreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Roger New digate reported' from the Committee, Bedworth to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Lclosure. Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish and Township of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, and for regulating certain Charity Estates within the said Parish, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second, Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b? ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Hereford of an Act passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty, Roaii* for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Lanclaudy Hill, and Langua Bridge; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that ttic Tide be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford; and for amending the Roads to Lancloudy Hill, and Langua Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Scudamore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Servile reported from the Committee, to Laughton*

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several ens*e Open Fieldsr Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, with-in the several Manors and Lord ships of Laughton -le-Morthen, and Slade Hooton, in the Parish of Laughton* en-le-Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read " the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bjll, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout 9 and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-; grafted.

A Peti-

9 Geo. III. 11* Aprilis,37

Uflex A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, ind Capital C<?uat/<J*ol. Burgesses, of the Borough of , in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex; and setting forth, That the said Borough has, for Time immemorial, been absolutely exempted from all County Levies and Asseff-merits, and is a separate Jurisdiction from the County of Essex} and that the Common Gaol of that Borough is now repairing, the Expence of which will amount to £700, or thereabouts; and that any Addition to the present Taxes imposed on them would be a great Burthen; And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them; and that they may have such other Relief in the P re miles as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said BUI is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Walfh* Mr. Walsh reported from the Committee, to whom Name, the Bill to enable William ,heretofore called William Moseley, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Wpurfuant to the Will of William Walsh, deceased, was committed; That the Committee bad 'examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with-! out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at

the Clerk’s Table, f Ordered, That the BUI be ingrafted.

Middleton A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Cheney Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Town-lnciofore. j^ips and Liberties of Upper Middleton Cheney, and Lower Middleton Cheney, in the county of ,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Gilbert &c.: And they are to meet this . Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Horfington Mr. Walter reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the gm for inclosing certain Common and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Horfington, Wincanton, and Mapperton, in the County of , was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the BUI, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except William King, who is insane, and has left the Country, and is possessed of Three Leases; and also except Morgan Dove, William Howard the Elder, William Howard the Younger, and Robert Hockey, who are altogether possessed of about Thirty-seven Leases in the several Commons proposed to be inclosed, and about Five Acres and a Half in the Common Meads, and that the whole of the Leases are 432, and the Number of Acres 208^); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 32.

Ordered, That the Report frortl the Committee, to Blackfriar* whom the Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road croft Saint George’s Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called the Dog and Duck, and to Newington Batts, In the County of , was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Ticker reported from the Committee* to whom Coin Saint the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable, Lands, within nc urc* the Manor and Lordship of Coin Saint , in the County of Gloucester, was re-committed, That all the

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made one other Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed Xq by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Alderman Trecotkic/t reported from the Commit- llamfgate tee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, Harbour, . made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preferring, the Haven of Sandwich; was committed; and to whom the Petition of Henry Lord Viscount '

Conyngham; and also the Petition of Barnet Fa/ck, his Danish Majesty’s Consul residing in Great Britain, on.

Behalf of many of the Danish Merchants trading to this Kingdom; were referred; That the Committee had considered the first mentioned Petition, and had heard Counsel in Behalf of the second mentioned Petition; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his.

Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Tiou

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. *

A Clause was offered to be added to -the Bill, That the Duties ;granted by the Act shall not extend to, „

Foreign Ships not putting into the Downs.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to -be made Part of the Bill; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shaft be then ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Nlx.-Anguish and Mr,

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hutton for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Cnafmck Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Com- lD€*urC monable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Hutton Cranswick, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Irchefcr for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other inclot’u^ Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Hamlet of

Knujltn,

Haxhy

Inclosure.

Dolman’s

Estate.

Canale’s

Name.

Trustees of Pulteney’s WilL

Markham’s

Estate.

Dolman’s

Estate.

37a \\* Aprilis.A. 1769*

Knufion, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Provision for Robert "Dolman the Younger, and for the Northampton, without any Amendment: And also, Younger Children of Robert Dolman the Elder; and

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, for declaring other Trusts relative thereto; and for An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common making Provision for Payment of other Debts and In-Arable Fields, and the Moor or Common within the cumbrances of the said Robert Dolman the Elder, and Township of Haxby, in the North Riding of the County Robert Dolman the Younger, not provided for by the of York, without any Amendment: And also, . said Act; and for making a Recompence and Provision

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act fat for the First and other Sons in Succession, or other Heir, revoking and making void Part of the Trusts declared of the Bodies of the said Robert Dolman the Younger, by an Act of Parliament, pasted in the Fifth Year of and Peggy his Wife, during the Lives of their said Fa-the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act ther and Mother, and the Survivor of them; and for for felling Part of the settled Estates of Robert Dolman, the better Security of Purchasers under the said Act j Esquire, in Pocklington and elsewhere, in the County of was read the First Time.

York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, ofhimself, and Robert Dolman the Younger, his Eldest,

Son, affecting the fame; and for making Provision for An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Traflenof Robert Dolman, the Younger, and for the Younger Chil- to empower the Trustees of the Will of the late General *"

dren of Robert Dolman the Elder;" and for declaring Pulteneyto purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds, other Trusts-relative thereto; and for making Provfion in the Manor of , in the county of ,

for Payment of other Debts and Incumbrances of the for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to said Robert Dolman the Elder, and Robert Dolman the and from a Free Bridge, by them intended to be built *

Younger, not provided for by the said Act; and for over the River , in the said County; and also to making a Recompence and Provision for the First and empower the Persons in Possession of the said Estate for other Sons in Succession, or other Heir, of the Bodies of the Time being, under the said Will to grant Leases the said Robert Dolman the Younger, and' Peggy his . of certain Lands and Hotifes in the said Manor, and Wife, during the Lives of their said Father and Mother, likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain and the Survivor of them; and for the better Security Grounds and Springs of Water, within the said Manor of Purchasers under the said Act; to which the Lords of Ba, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,: Bath; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for read the First Time.

Naturalizing Samuel Canale, Esquire; and to enable him, Rej, That the Bill be read a Second Time, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of

Thorold; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of A Petition of Sir Lawrence Baronet, on Be Orkney Ifleij

this House: And also, half of himself and of the other Landholders in the E*P°rU,1S

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Orkney Isles, was presented to the House, and read; empower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Setting forth, That, for Want of Climate, the Barley Pulteney, to purchase and Exchange Lands and Grounds, commonly called Bigg, raised in those Isles, which lie to in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Northward of Great , almost in Latitude

the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and Sixty, is of a very inferior Quality, as well , as of a from a Free Bridge, by them intended to be built over dwarf or diminutive Size, equally unfit for Mealing as the River Avon, in the said County: and also to empower for Malting, and has,’ on that Account, beea always: the Persons in Possession of the said Estate for the Time exported, chiefly to , for the Feeding of Mules

being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain and Horses, the only Use it is fit for; and that Agri-Lands and Houses in the said Manor, and likewise to culture is yet in a State of Infancy in those Isles; and enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds, and as, by the last Prohibition, and nqw subsisting Acts,

Springs of Water, within the said Manor, of Bathwick, the People of Orkney cannot be relieved, as heretofore, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Bath; and for by an Order of the King in Council; as the Crops of other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords Bigg now on Hand are not; saleable in Britain, and . desire thoConcurrence of this House: And also, if not exported, must be inevitably loft: And there-

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for fore praying. That a Clause may be inserted, in any of vesting in Trustees to be fold, the Freehold and Inhc- the Public Bills now depending, to enable His Majesty ritance of the Estate of George Markham, Esquire, de- ini Council to issue Orders, for permitting the Exportation ceased, in the County of Lincoln, along with a prece- of that Kind of Barley which is commonly called Bigg, dent Term therein; and for other Purposes; to which of the Growth of the Orkney , from the Port of the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Kirkwall, in Orkney, under such Restrictions and Limi-

And then the Messengers withdrew. tations as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for revoking and making void Part of the Trusts de- Mr. Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty’s dared by an Act of Parliament, pasted in the Fifth Year Command,

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An An Account of Public Monies certified to be due, Account; Act for felling Part of the settled Estates of Robert upon the final Balance of the Accounts of the Earl of Money due Dolman, Esquire, in Pocklington, and elsewhere, in ' Chatham and Thomas Calcraft, Esquire, subject to the the County of York, for discharging the Debts and In- Disposition of Parliament. Chatham,

cumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman the Younger, And the Title of the said Account was read.

his Eldest Son, affecting the fame; and for making The said Account is as followeth; viz.

A w

9 Geo. III. it" Aprilis.

373

An Account of Public Monies certified to be due upon the final Balance of the Accounts of the Right honourable the Earl of Chatham, and Thomas Cater aft, Esquire, subject to the Disposition of Parliament*

Upon the Foot of the final Account of the Right honourable William Esquire, now Earl of Chatham, ended the 24th of December 1755, there appears to be a Balance due to the Crown of -

Upon the Foot of the final Account of Thomas Esquire, late Paymaster of the

Royal Bounty to the Widows of Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, and the Widows of Half-pay Officers, ended the 24th of December 1762; That is to say.

On account of the Widows of Officers of His Majesty’k Lana Forces £. s.

and Marines - 19,345 18

And on account of the Widows of Half-pay Officers is in Sur-

plufage - - - . ... 1,780 4 3f

Total Balance due to the Crown

Presented the 1 ith Day of April 1769.

Ctey Cooper.

d.

7

£. s. d.

9,381 10 3I

*7>565 *4 3i

26,947 4 7!

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bofliney Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of BoJJiney, in the County of Cornivall, in the room of Henry Lawes Luttrell, Esquire; who since his Election for the said Borough hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds, of Stoke, Dcfborough, and Bonettham, in the county of .

Newport Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to Pagnell whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Newport Woodstock Pagnell, *n the County of , through the

Hoad. several Towns of Stoney Stratford, Buckingham, and Bicester, to the Town of Woodstock, in the County of Oxford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

, The House was moved, that the Order made upon *S,am Wednesday last, for hearing Counsel for the Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, who have petitioned this House in Behalf of themselves and others, when the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages within the Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways and Passages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; was committed; should be received; and also, the Order for hearing Counsel, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ditto. Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom

Vol. 32.

the Bill for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages, within the Town of Birmingham-, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways and Passages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at thft Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wefe Once read throughout; and, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Counsel be then admitted to be heard, upon the said Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, in Behalf of themselves and others, if the Petitioners shall think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Committee appointed to conduct an Birmingham Application to Parliament, for lighting and cleansing Streets, the Streets of the Town of Birmingham, and other good Purposes, at a numerous Meeting, held in consequence of usual Notice given both in their.Places of Worship and Weekly News-Papers, was presented to the House, and read 1 Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Second Petition has been presented to the House, against a Bill now depending in Parliament, for the aforesaid Purposes, founded upon a partial and pretended Canvass of the whole Town, although by the Numbers declared to be asked, it appears, that not more than One Half of the Persons liable to be assessed have been consulted; and that the Petitioners, in Conjunction with many others, having repeatedly taking every Method to obtain the Senlc of the Town, which Law and Custom have established in Cafes of a like Nature; and an Application to Parliament being approved of by a very large Majority, at each of their Meetings, iubmic to the

5 C House

Duties on Leather.

Account; Ce<ied Hands,

Exports from Jersey, &c.

Ways and Means.

374 n° AprilA. 1769.

House the general Propriety of their Proceedings in this Matter, as well as the particular Merits of the original Petition: And therefore praying. That the Bill as settled in the Committee of the House, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the'Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time.

The House was moved, that the Resolutions, which, upon the 16th Day of Marchlaft, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davids , and the Seas adja-

cent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, and were then agreed to by the House,

might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as folio wet h; viz.

" Resolved, That the Duties of Excise, payable upon

Seal Skins, tanned, tawed, or d re fled, within this " Kingdom, be taken off."

" Resolved, That in lieu thereof, a Duty of Excise * be laid upon Seal Skins which shall be tanned, " tawed, or dressed, in this Kingdom, after the Rate of One Penny Half Penny for every Pound Weight " Avoirdupois of such Skins."

" Resolved, -That the said Duty be applied to such

Uses as the said Duties to be taken off are now appro-<l priated unto."

The Housewasalfo moved, that the Resolution, which, upon the 21st of March last, was reported from the said Committee, and was then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That the Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom, from Ireland, or from " His Majesty’s Dominions' in America, of raw or undressed Hides of Steers, Cows, or any other Cattle, " except of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and of Calve " Skins, or Goat Skins, raw or undressed, be discontin'ued, for a limited Time."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Cooper, Mr. Pennant, and Mr. Burrell, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House an Account of the Amount of the Sale of Lands in the ceded Islands j distinguishing the Times in which the Purchase-Money on each Sale became, or will become, payable; and how much of the same has been paid, and at what Time; and ulfo, of the established and incidental Expences of the Commissioners for the Sale of the said Lands, paid out of the Produce of the said Sales, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Inhabitants of Jersey and , to export,

directly from thence, to Neor the Colonies in America, Goods necessary for the Fishery, under certain Restrictions; and to import from thence non-enumerated Goods, and to land the same in the said Islands: And that Mr. Cooper, Sir Charles,

and Mr. Bradjliaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to

the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Seven hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds be raised, by way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Sixty thousand Tickets, at Thirteen Pounds each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 20th Day of this Instant April, make a Deposit with the Cashiers of the Bank of,

of One Pound, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say, for and in respect of every such Ticket, Two Pounds on or before the ift Day of June next, Three Pounds on or before the 10th Day of July next, Three Pounds on or before the 25th Day of August next, and Four Pounds on or before the 3d Day of October next* and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments^ that the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year 1769, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such. Proprietors, upon Demand, on or at any Time after the 12th Day of January 1770, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from time to time to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; and that every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his Contribution towards the said Sum of Seven hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds on or before the 22d Day of AuguJ? next, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, alter the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sums so completing his Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 3d Day of next.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the 4th Day of April 1769, and on or before the 5th Day of April 1770, of the Produce of all or any of the Duties and Revenues, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, have been directed to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good such Part of the Supply as hath been granted to His Majesty for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova , Ne'wfoundland, and the ceded Islands, for the Year 1769.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the 4thjDay of April 1769, and on or before the 5th Day of April 1770, of the Produce of the Duties charged by an Act of Parliament made in the 5th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inferring after the Words " 1770," these Words, " as " soon as Certificates can be made out."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That towards

9 Geo. III.

ix° — i a Aprilis.

375

Expiring Laws, &c.

i Bri flol fciospital

and

.Fairs.

wards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Seven hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds be raised, by way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Sixty thousand Tickets, at Thirteen Pounds each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 20th Day of this Instant , make a. Deposit with the Cashiers of the Bank of of

One Pound, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to lay, for and in respect of every such Ticket, Two Pounds on or before the First Day of June next. Three Pounds on or before the 10th Day of July next, Three Pounds on or before the 25th Day of August next, and Four Pounds on or before the 3d Day of October next; and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments; that the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year 1769, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors upon Demand, on or at any Time after the 12th Day of January 1770, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from time to time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; and that every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his Contribution towards the said Sum of Seven hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds, on or before the 22d Day of August next, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per , on the

Sums so completing his Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 3d Day of October next.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr.' Dv-J'on, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That it be an- Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, upon the Second of the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee, who are appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and was then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for allowing further Time to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts in Writing, for Persons to serve as Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, and for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for Clerks or Apprentices, and for the Stamping of Indentures or Articles which have been omitted to be stamped.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Corporation of the City of Bristol to exchange the Building of the Hospital called Queen Elizabeth's Hospital, for the Building called Bartholomew's in the said City; and for altering the Times of holding Bristol Fairs; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Vol. 32.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for carrying into Execution East India certain Proposals made by the East India Company, for Company, the Payment of an Annual Sum, for a Time to be limited, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for veiling Ely House, in fleet Prison, Holborn, with the Appurtenances, in the Crown, and fcc. the Scite of the Fleet Prison, with the Appurtenances, in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for thd Purposes therein mentioned; and for making Compensation to the Lord Bishop of Ely and his Successors; be read a Second Time upon this Day Two Months.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12* die Aprilis; -Anno 9° Georgii III"* Regis, 1769. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Corporation of the City of Bristol, to exchange the Building of the Hospital, called Queen Elizabeth's Hospital,(ox the Building called The Bartholomew's, in the said City, and for altering the Times of holding Bristol Fairs; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Corporation of the City of Bristol to exchange the Building of the Hospital called Queen Elizabeth's Hospital, for the Building called The Bartholomew's, in the said City; and for altering the Times of holding Bristol Fairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to

whom the iBgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Reverend Christopher Wilson, Doctor in Divinity, Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of Paul, London, to make and grant, unto the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, a Lease of the Prebendal Estate of Halliwell and Finjlury, in the Suburbs of the said City, for a Term ot Ninety-nine Years, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hin\ to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Eobert Ladbroke do carry the Bill

to

Bristol Hospitals and Fairs.

Prebendary of St. Paulp London, Leafing,

Beckingham

Inclosure.

Markham’s

Eilatcs.

Chichester’s

fiflatcs.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Exeter, See. Roads.

376

120 Apr His.

A. 1769.

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Beckingham, and Sutton, in the Manor and Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be'true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Two Oxgangs and an Half of Land, One Messuage, and Three Cottages; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed con fill of 81 Oxgangs and i of an Oxgang, 33 Messuages, and 27 Cottages); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire (fled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed. 1

An ingossed Bill from the Lords,* intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees to be sold, the Freehold and Inheritance of the Ellate of George , Esquire,

deceased, in the County of along with a pre-

cedent Term therein; and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Tucker reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Real Estates, late of Richard Esquire, deceased, in Englandin Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money to be applied to pay off the Legacies charged upon and affecting the fame, and the Interest thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Mr. Serjeant Nares reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen of the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was *7

presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in the House, to continue and render more effectual Two Acts for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for repairing and widening the Way or Street from the Causeway, at the Bottom of St. David's Hill, through Northgate Street, to St. Parts

Street, and rendering the Passage thereof more commodious; and for opening a Road or Highway from St. David's Hill, through Howell's Lane, to The Oxford Inn, near the East Gate of the said City: and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike at Exweek Cro/s, to the Smith’s Shop near Cowley Bridge, in the County of Devon, and also for repairing and widening, of rebuilding, Exe Bridge, in the County of Devon, and County of the City of Exeter, and for removing Obstructions in certain Ways or Streets leading from the said Bridge; and also for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near Bars Hill Oak Corner, to the Turnpike Road at the Red Post leading to Riding Lane, and for cresting a Bridge at or near a Ford called Countess Wear, in the County of Devon; and that the High Road leading from ,being the

End of one of the Roads directed to be repaired and widened by the said recited Act, to the Beginning of the Southmoulton Turnpike Road leading to Chum/eigh, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods by Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said last mentioned Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Walter, Mr. Ongley, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and others, of the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read > Taking Notice of the Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross St. George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey-, and that if the said Bill should pals into a Law, as it now Hands, it will be injurious to the Petitioners, and their Descendants: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or CounfeJ, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect themselves and their Descendants, and may receive such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against- the said Petition.

The House was moved, that an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Tumults and riotous Assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the Rioters, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Punishment of such Persons as shall demolilb, or pull down, or otherwise destroy or spoil,

any

Black friar’* Bridge Road.

Preventing 1 Definition: of M.1U.

Duties of Customs.

Exports from Jertey, See.

East India Company.

Supply.

Ways and Meant.

9 Geo. III. 120 — 13a Aprilis* 377

any Mill or Mills: And that Mr. Mr. Bacon, and

Mr. Medley, do prepare, and bring irt, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods, removed from the Out Ports and other Places, to London: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit the Inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export, directly from thence, to Newfoundland, or the British Colonies in America, Goods neccflaiy for the Fishery, under certain Restrictions j and to import from thence non-enumerated Goods, and to land the same in the said Islands: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Company, for the Payment of an Annual Sum, for a Time to be limited, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Inbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill"was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House, will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the said I£ll.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign-built Ships.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Bri-/{/ft-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawback upon Foreign rough Hemp exported, as relates to the discontinuing the Drawback upon Foreign rough Hemp exported.

Vol. 32.

Ordered, That the Account of Public Monies certified to be due upon the final Balance of the Accounts of the Earl of Chatham and Thomas Calcraft, Esquire, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions j which they had directed him to report, when the House will picafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking Militia, into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain, called England, was committed;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ^] 84.

Tfrs forth, Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 die A;

Anno 90 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1769.

Prayirs.

MR. Walter reported from the Committee, to whom Exeter the Petition of the several Gentlemen of the Coun- &c. ty of Devon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was Roads, referred. That the Committee had examined the Mat-5 D ter

378 130 AprilA. 1769.

ter of the said Petition \ and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition j Sir John Chichester, Baronet, said, That the High Road leading from Morchard, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, through Lapford to the Turnpike Road at or near Chawley in the County of , is in a very

ruinous Condition, in some Parts narrow and incom-. modious to Passengers, and cannot be repaired and widened unless some further Provisions are made by Parliament for those Purposes.

Mr. William. Hayman confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an.Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter-, and for repairing and widening the Way or Street from the Causeway, at the Bottom of St. David's Hill, through Northgate , to St. Paul's Street, and rendering the Passage thereof more commodious; and for opening a Road or Highway from St. David's Hill, through Howell's Lane, to The Oxford Inn, near the East Gate of the said City; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Exweek Cross, to the Smith’s Shop near Coxvley Bridge, in the County of Devon; and also for repairing and widening, or re-building, Exe Bridge, in the County of Devon, and County of the City of Exeter, and for removing Obstructions in certain Ways or Streets leading from the said Bridge j and also for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near Bars Hill Oak Corner, to the Turnpike Road at the Red Poll leading to Riding Lane; and for erecting a Bridge at or near a Ford called in the County of Devonj is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Morchard, through Lapford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Chumleigh, in the County of Devon,

A Petition of John Arnold Walsingham, of Hare Hall, County Goal ;n the County of Essex, Esquire, was presented to the ' House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending, for-rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Efex , and that the Petitioner is possessed of considerable Property adjoining to the Bell Inn, in the Town of Chelmsford, where it has been agreed by the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their last Quarter Sessions, to build the said Gaol; and that, if the said Gaol is built at the Place agreed on, the Petitioner conceives, it will be very detrimental to his Property: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, to restrain the building the said Gaol on the Place before mentioned; and that he may be heard by his Counsel, in Support of his Petition, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Blackfriar* Ordered, That the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, Rwd and others, of the County of Surrey, who have petitioned this House, praying to be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Friars

Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross St. George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Sutrcy, as may affect them or their Defendants, have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the several Orders, made Yesterday, for hearing the Petitioners, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, when the Report shoukl received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and also for hearing Counsel, at the same T‘me> >n Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; be discharged.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe- Laughton-veral Open Fields, Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors and Lordships of Laughton- xuci0jure. en-le-Morthen, and Slade Hooton, in the Pari fit of -ton-en-le- Mart hen, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors and Lordships of Laugh on-en-le-Morthen,

Slade Hooton, and Hooton Slade, in the Parish en-le-Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold reported to the House, Anfirer That their Address of Tuesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be «laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of Barnet Falck, his Majesty’s ^arbou

Consul residing in Great Britain, on Behalf of many of the Danish Merchants trading, to this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in order to protect and assist all Ships, and other Vessels, passing through The Downs, an Act was made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate -, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich; by which Act certain Rates and Duties, therein particularly mentioned, are laid upon every Ship or Vessel, as well British as Foreign, above a certain Burthen, from, to, or by Raor coining into the Harbour there; and that no Ship or Vessel whatsoever, belonging to any of the Subjects of his Majesty, which are only navigated to or from any Part of his said Danish Majesty’s Dominions, to and from any Port or Place South of the South Foreland, receive any Benefit pr Advantage from the said Harbour ;tand, by the said recited Act, no such Ship or Vessel, so navigated, is subject or liable to pay any of the Rates or Duties directed to be paid and collected by virtue of the said Act; and that a Bill is now depending^in the House, which, if it should pass into a Law, the Petitioner conceives, will subject all Danish Ships and Vessels trading to and from any Port or Place South of the South Foreland, to the said Rates and Duties: And therefore, on Behalf of the Danish Merchants, praying.

That he may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to explain and amend An Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and.maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich; be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his said Petition, if be thinks fit.

Ordered,

9 Geo. III. 1$° Aprilis.379

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Bedford . Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the

Charity. ‘Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice, his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford;and for the better Management and Distribution of the said Charity; is committed.

Wolverley Mr. Dozvdfzvell reported from the Committee, to

Manor. whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act for changing and altering the Courie of Descent of Copyhold Estates held of the Manorof , in the County of Worcester, from the Nature of Borough Englishto the Course of Descent, according to Common Law, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Doivde/well do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Wooton Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wooton, in the County of Oxford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Land in the said Parish, of the Annual Value of £. 116, or thereabouts, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands in the said Parish are of the Annual Value of£. 1,556,or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that the Allotments of Persons whose Estates shall not exceed the annual Value of 3, shall be inclosed at the Expence of the other Proprietors.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was amended.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause, so amended, be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Supply Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee . had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the . Vol. 3 a.

Clerk’s Table Where the same Were readand are as

followeth: viz.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Annual Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, to be by them distributed among the Clerks, in their rel’peftive Offices; in Coiv.pensation for the Advantages which such Clerks enjoyed, from their sending and receiving Letters and Packus free from the Duty of Postage, before the Commencement of an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of En trading into the Levant Seas, to be, applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Harbour repealing so much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Moorings, and Punishment of Persons guilty of stealing or embezzling His Majesty’s Naval Stores, or of Forgery or Perjury in relation to Seamens Wages: And that

Mr. Charles Tozvnjhend and Mr. Stephens, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to permit the Inhabitants of Jersey and , Exports from

to export directly from thence to Newfoundland, or Jersey, &c. the British Colonies in America, Goods necessary for the Fishery, under certain Restrictions, and to import from thence non-enumerated Goods, and to land the same in the said Blands; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, tefolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Representatives of the People of the Parbadors Wand of Barbadoes, in their General Assembly assembled, for

being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That, before the Inhabitants of the said Island had well recovered from the deplorable Situation to which they had been reduced, by Two severe Fires, in the Years 1756 and 1758; on the 14th Day of May 1766, another lamentable Fire broke out in their principal Town, which laid in Allies about One thousand Stores and other Buildings, with large Quantities, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and that on the 27th Day of December, in the same Year, a like melancholy Accident consumed the most valuable Part of the Houses and Stores which had providentially escaped the Severity of the former Fires; and that the Loss sustained by the People in general, by the Two last mentioned Conflagrations, is supposed to exeed Half a Million Sterling Money of Great Britain; and that, although large Sums, raised from the Royal Bounty, and the charitable Contributions of many worthy Persons in Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, have been sent over, for the Relief of the most

indigent

380 13a Aprilis. A. 1769.

indigent Sufferers, yet many of them remain dill in the lowed State of Poverty, and are unable to comply with the common and necessary Taxes of their Country; and that, besides the dismal Consequences of a Loss so fe-verely felt by the Inhabitants of the said Island, they have another Misfortune, which they share in common with every Part of the Dominions that are connected with them in Commerce, their Channel being at present so choked up by the Filth which has been many _ Years gathered about their that the smalled

Craft, when loaded, can hardly find a Passage to their Wharfs and Landing-Places; and that, without a speedy Remedy to the said Evil, their Trade with , as well as with Africa and mud be inevitably ob-

structed; and that the Petitioners, seeing that the Progress of the late Fires was in a great Measure occasioned by the Irregularity of their Buildings, have already passed an Act, for re-building their Town upon a safer and better Plan; but that cannot be carried into Execution without great Expence to the Community; and that the Petitioners have likewise had in Contemplation a Means to cleanse their Channel, and give freer Access to Trade; and, with the Affidance of an able Engineer in His Majesty’s Service, they have determined upon a Method, which, they conceive, will effectually answer their Purpose; but the impoverished State of their Finances, and the Incapacity of the People to bear the Burthen of heavy Taxes, have hitherto discouraged them from entering upon the Work; inasmuch, therefore, as the Petitioners, in the Execution of the Plan for rebuilding their Town, mud necessarily exhaud their Treasury, and be rendered incapable of providing for the Expence of cleansing their Channel and repairing their Mole, a Work not merely of local Advantage to the Inhabitants of the Island, but of the most extensive Utility to the Mother Country, and all the Parts of the BritiJIiDominions, whose Manufactures they consume; and inasmuch, likewise, as the melancholy Circumstances of the People will not admit of any additional Impod, they are entirely without the Hopes of Affidance but from the British House of Commons, who have been always attentive to the Didreffes of their Fellow Subjects in the most remote Parts of their Sovereign’s Dominions: And therefore praying That the House will grant the Petitioners such Affidance and Relief, as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it

was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Re-solutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One hundred Thirty-five thousand One hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny, remaining in the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One million Six hundred Sixty-four thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Five-pence Half-penny, out of such Monies as shall or may 20

arise of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such Part of the Duties which have been, or shall be, paid upon Iron imported in Foreign-built Ships navigated by Foreigners, as exceeds the Duties payable, upon Iron imported in British-built Ships, navigated by British Subjects, be not drawn back upon Re-exportation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Drawback, which was formerly payable upon the Exportation of Foreign rough Hemp, and which was discontinued by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be redored, upon Condition that the Pre-emption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting, for " a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, di-'* reClly to any Part of America to the Southward of " the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now " paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europefituate'to the Southward of " Cape Finisterre," which was to continue in Force for

Five Years, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and also a Clause in an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for more effectually securing and encouraging " the Trade of His Majesty’s American Dominions; for " repealing the Inland Duty on Coffee, imposed by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majedy King George the Second, and for granting an " Inland Duty on all Coffee imported (except Coffee of " the Growth of the British Dominions in America);

" for altering the Bounties and Drawbacks upon Sugars " exported; for repealing Part of an Act made in the " Twenty-third Year of his said late Majesty, whereby " Bar-Iron made in the said Dominions was prohibited " to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coad- wife; and for regulating the Fees of the Officers of " the Cudoms in the said Dominions," which gives Liberty to export Rice from North Carolina, in the same Manner, and during the same limited Time, under the like Entries, Securities, RedriClions, Regulations, Limitations, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are enacted by the said Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign with respect to South Carolina and Georgia, are near expiring, and fit to be con- . tinued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles,

the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkiufon, Mr. Dxfon,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Cooper, Mr. Bradshaw, and Mr. Garth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Militia, into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act, made' in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain, called England, was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Duties on Leather.

Black friars

Briil^e

Roads.

East India Company.

Canale’s

dame.

9 Geo III. 13° — 14° Jprilis. 381

upon, 'several of them were disagreed to, and the rest Sir John reported from the Committee, Devon

were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by to whom the Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor’s Relief, the House. Poor in the County of was committed. That

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Commanding Officers shall make Returns of the Num- Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the ber of Days they are present. Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fe-

And the said Clause was twice read, and amended. veral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put him to report to the House; and he read the Report in thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the the Bill. Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

And several Amendments were made by the House, Report was read, to the Bill. And several of the Amendments, made by the Com-

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second ingossed. Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time agreed to by the House.

upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill tliall be then ingossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others, dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool;

Refdved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross Saint George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called the Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, was committed;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Company, for the Payment of an Annual Sum, for a Time to be limited, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies,

Mr. Speaker lefr the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow ^orning.

' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 14* die jprilis;

Anno 9* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1769. Prayers.

A N ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jt\. for naturalizing Samuel Canale, Esquire, and to enable him and his issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Thorold, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 32.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain tes' Agreements, entered into between William Wil-

liam Powell, Esquires, and others, for railing Money, out of the Estates late of Thomas Herbert, Esquire, in the Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth, for Payment

of the Debts and Legacies of Lucy Allen, and for other Purposes; and for settling the Residue of the said Estates to the Uses of her Will; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Crew, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Crew reported from the Committee, to whom Chester the Bill for repealing so much of Two several Acts of $tafthrd Parliament, made and passed in the Seventeenth and Roads. Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nanlwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tar-vin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting, the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich in the said County of Chester, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gainftnirgh for the more effectual paving, cleansing, lighting, and Street*, watching, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Public Passages, in the Town of Gainsburgh, in the County of *

Lincoln-, and for laying a Duty on all Coals brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the same to fuel) Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hadditijtcwt, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty, for re- *' pairing the Roads from Dunglass Bridge, to the Town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Raven/haughburn,

5 E in

Ryflip

Inclosure.

Youlthorpe

Inclosure.

Poppleton

Inclosure.

Ebberston

Inclosure.

Earl of Stafford’s Will.

Twifleton’s

Estates.

Bertie’s

Marriage

Settlement.

Ditto.

Whitehurst’s

Estates.

Backus’

and

Halls*

Nat.

382

140 Ap.

A. 1769.

in the County of Haddingtoun, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing several Woods apd Woodlands, and a certain Close or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Commons and

Waste Grounds, within the Manors of St. Catharine Endt in the Parish of Ryflip, in the County of with-

out any Amendment: And also,

NThe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other inclosed Grounds, within the Township of Youlthor, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Mea-d®ws, Ings, Stinted Pastures, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of , and a Piece

of Waste Ground called Seaglethorpe in the Manor

of Sc aglet horpe, all in the County of the City of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of berfton, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of the' Right honourable William late Earl of Stafford, deceased, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, devised by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Thomas Twiflelon and Francis Esquires, the Purchasers of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, belonging to fames Nefs, Gentleman, and Charlotte his Wife, as to the Payment of their Purchase Money, and settling the same for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Settlement on Peregrine Bertie, Esquire, with Catharine his present Wife; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for obviating a Doubt, arising on the Settlement of Peregrine Bertie, Esquire, with Catherine his present Wile, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend Thomas Whitehurst, Clerk, and Sarah his Wife, in the

Counties of Hertford and Bedford, in the said Thomas Whitehurst, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said Thomas Whitehurst, in the said County of Hertford, to the fameUfes as the said Estates were settled; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. mer, Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Crosby reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gerald Backus and Leonard Holls, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to

report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Crosby do carry th„* Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for preventing the cutting and gashing of Preventing Sheep and Lamb Skins; and for enforcing the Sale of *" such Skins in public Markets; was read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Trecothick, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Claypnle Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea- Inclosure. dows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Loruship of Clay pole, within the Manor and Parish of Ciaypole, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;. and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee ( except Six Persons, who are possessed of Five Messuages, Nine Oxgangs of Land,

163 Acres of Old Inclosure, and 10 Acres of Meadow Land; and the Whole of the said Parish confiflsof 62 Messuages, 85 Oxgangs of Land, 1002 Acres of Old Inclosure, and 19 Acres of Meadow Land.); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was dif- agreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cust reported from the Committee, to whom the Sudbmok Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea- Anclosure. dows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Sudbrook, within the Manor and Parish of Ancaster, in the County of Lincoln, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Bf,n-Moor or Common, in the Township of in the indofuie.

Parish of Wolfingham, and within the Manor of Bran-cepeth, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, in the Township of Thornley, in the Parish of Wolfingham, and within the Manor of Brancepeth, in the County Palatine of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bramley

inclosure.

Bed worth inclosure.

Hucknall

Torkard

inclosure.

Preventing Deflmflion of Mills.

Duties on Leather.

Rice.

9 Geo. Ill, 14aAprilis.383

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Rice from His Majesty’* Provinces of South and North Commons,.or Moors, within the Township of Bromley, Carolina and , directly to any Part of America to

in the Parish of Brailhwell, in the County of York, was the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like

read the Third Time. Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Com- Southward of Cape And the same was re-

mons, or Moors, within the Township of Bramley, in ceived; and read the First Time.

the Parish of Braithivell, in the County of York. Ref That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported' aft India

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Company.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Bill for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made mon Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable- by the East India Company, for the Payment of an Lands, in the Parish and Township of Bedworth, in Annual Sum, for a Time to be limited, in respect of the County of Warwick, and for regulating certain the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately ob-Charity Estates within the said Parish, was read the tained in the East Indies, was committed, the Amend-Third Time. ments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title which they had directed him to report to the House; and < be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the the Parish and Township of Bedworth, in the County of Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Warwick, and for regulating certain Charity Estates read throughout'; and then a Second Time, One by . within the said Parish. One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Newdigate do carry the Bill were agreed to by the House. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. JVilleughbyreported from the Committee, to

whom the Hiil for dividing and inclosing all . the Open OrdThat the Order of the Day, for the House Ways

Fields, Meadows, Failures, and all other Onen, Com- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, monable, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Huck- to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the nailTorkard. in the County of Nottingham, was committed. Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of And the said Order being read accordingly;

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com- Mr, took the Chair of the Committee.

mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Mr. reported from the Committee, That they

to report to the House; and he read the Report in had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the to report, when the House will please to receive the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Morning next.

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Mr. Cooper also acquainted the House, That he was

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be directed by the Committee to move, that they may have »

ingrossed. Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole a Bill for the more effectual Punishment of such Persons House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing as shall demolish, or pull down, or otherwise destroy or the Supply granted to His Majesty. spoil, any Mill or Mills: And the same was received;

and read the First Time. , Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Culture of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Raw silk;

House, to consider of what further Encouragement it America.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, may be proper to give to the Growth and Culture of who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, Raw Silk, in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in . pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday the America,

16th and Tuesday the 21st Days of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Exports it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Mer- Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit from chants trading to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas the Inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export, directly Jersey, Sic. adjacent, the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others from thence, to Newfoundland, or the British Colonies dealing in Leather, in the Borough and Corporation of in America, Goods necessary for the Fishery, under cer-Liverpool, and were then agreed to by the House, that tain Restrictiuns; and to import from thence non-enu-they do make Provision in the said Bill, for indemnifying merated Goods, and to land the same in the said Islands. all Persons, with respect to advising or executing any Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

of His Majesty’s Orders of Council, prohibiting the Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Corn-

Importation of Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, of infefted mittee.

Cattle. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gen- Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, tlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, to That they had gone through the Bill, arid made several authorize the Prohibition of the Importation of such Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future. to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Mr. Garth presented to the House, according to Or- Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday der, a Bill to continue certain Laws therein mentioned, Morning next, for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry

Vol. J2. Th«

A. 17^9-

Account-Pay Office.

Daisy’s Lodes in Government’s Service.

Ihckfriars

Bridge

Road.

384 140 Aprilis.

The Lord North presented to the Hoilfe, by His the Disposition of Parliament.

Majesty’s Command, And the Title of the said Account was read.

An Account of Monies remaining in the Office of the The said Account is as followeth viz. Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, subject to

Am ACCOUNT of Monies remaining in the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces,

subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

Remains in the Hands of Lord Holland, on the Vote of the 7th April 1764, for German £. s. d.

Claims....._ _ -.....33>7^7 si

Remains in the Hands of the Administratrix of the late Mr. Townshend, on the Vote of 2*

April 176,5 and ay1*1 Adarch 1766, for German Claims ----- 12,071 11 nf

In the Hands of Lord North and the late Mr. Cooke, the Balance of i2d Deductions from the Chelsea Pensioners to 2 4thof December 1767 -

In the Hands of the late Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thomas the Ba-

lance of 124 Deductions from Ditto, to the 24th of June 1768 -In the Hands of Mr. Rigby, the Balance of 12" Deductions from D° to the 8,h of April 1769 - -

£ * d.

19 9i

1,868 1 ii£

3>536 ~ 7i

45*838 13 3i

5»423 5 4£

Refpits on the Pay of the following Regiments in their Accounts with Lord Holland , viz.

94th Regiment to the 3d December 1763 f- -

95th D°----7 to the 18 th March 1763

97th D°---- to the 2d Ju 1763 -

98th D°---- to the 14th N 1763 -

100th D°---- to the 18th D° -

ioi*' D° - to the 30th March 1763

103d D® — to the 10th June 1763 -

107th D®---- to the 11th May 1763 -

109th D® — to the iotb 1763 -

North Battalion of the Hampjhite Militia to the 24th December 1762

£- t. d.

- 2,144 IO 4

44° 7 —

- 440 14 0

- 2,297 ii 6

2,228 16 6

- 36 14 11

- 125 14 6

29 11 9

156 17 6

- 1,866 — 4

9,766 18 4

£.61,028 16 nf

N. B. The Accounts of the Regiments above mentioned are not yet finally adjusted.

Pay Office, Horse Guards, John

1 ith April 1769. Accomptant.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Francis of London, Merchant, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Sir Robert Ladbroke, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross Saint George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of *5

Surrey; was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and others, of the County of Surrey and also the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed, in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in-tuled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, St. George, Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and Lewijin the County of Kent; and also the Petition of several Owners of Houses and Ground in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and of several of the Inhabitants of the said Parish j and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and others, of the Counties of Surrey and Sussex; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and others, of the County of Surrey, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in support the Allegations of the Third-mentioned Petition, and had considered

the

Middlesex

EleAbn.

t

9 Geo. III. 140 — 15"

the several other Petitions: and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that no Counsel at* tended;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the red were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That if the City of London undertake to repair the Road no Toll shall be taken upon it.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

for he Yeas, { -7-

Telle, for he Noes. { } *>*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Poll taken at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Middlesex be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Sheriffs of the County of Middlesex be again called in) and that the said Poll-Books be redelivered to them; and that they be directed to attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the said Books.

They were accordingly called in, to the Bar; and the said Poll-Books were re-delivered to them; and they were directed by Mr. Speaker to attend this House again Tomorrow Morning, with the said Books.

And then they were again dire died to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return to the Writ, for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the room of John Wilkes, Esquire, whose Election and Return were resolved by this House to have been null and void.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, do attend this House immediately, with the Return to the Writ for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the room of John Wilkes, Esquire, whole Election and Return were resolved by this House to have been null and void.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending according to Order;

The said Writ and Return were read.

The House was moved, that the Entries in the Votes of the House, upon the 17th Day of February last, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, upon the Return to the Writ for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the room of John Wilkes, Esquire, expelledthis House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Election and Return of John Wilkes, Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, are null and void.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smith, under Sheriff* of the County of Middlesex, do immediately attend this House.

And the said Mr. John Smi, attending according to Order; was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account who were the Candidates, and for whom a Poll was demanded and taken.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Sheriffs of the County of Middlesex do attend this House immediately, with the original Poll taken at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament, for the said County.

And the said Sheriffs attending according to Order; they were called in; and, at the Bar, produced the original Poll Books, and also a Paper from which the Sheriffs had declared the Numbers of Votes for each Candidate upon the Poll.

And then they withdrew.

And the total Numbers for each Candidate, contained in the said Paper, were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Poll taken at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Middlesex, be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Tomorrow," in order to insert the Word " Monday" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " To- morrow " Hand Part of the said proposed Question.; Vox,. 3a.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 15* die Aprilis;

Anno 9° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act D'olmtn’* for revoking and making void Part of the Trusts Eftnw*. declared by an Act of Parliament, pasted in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for felling Part of the settled Estates of Robert Dolman, Esquire, in Pocklington, and elsewhere, in the County of York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself, and Robert Dolman, the Younger, his Eldest Son, affecting the fame, and for making Provision for Robert Dolman, the Younger, and , for the younger Children of Robert Dolman, the Elderand for declaring other Trusts relative thereto; and for making Provision for Payment of other Debts and I ncumbrances of the said Robert Dolrtfan, the Elder, and Robert Dolman, the Younger, not provided for by. the said Act; and for making a Recompense and Provision for the First and other Sons in Succession, or other Heir of the Bodies of the said Robert Dolman, the Younger, and Peggy his Wife, during the Lives of their said Father and Mo* ther, and the Survivor of them; and for the better Security of Purchasers under the said Act; was read a Second Time. /

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Fuller, See. 1 And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Twlfleton'i for indemnifying Thomas Twifleton and Francis Twifleton,

Esquires, the Purchasers of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, belonging to James Nefs, Gentleman, and Charlotte his Wife, as to the Pay-5 F ' meat

3 86 i§° Aprilis.A, 1769,

ment of their Purchase Money, and settling the same for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

E(T«x A Petition of Sir William Mildmay, was presented to

County Gaol. tj,e f-souse, and read; taking Notice <jf the Bill for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of EJfexand setting forth. That the Petitioner is informed, that it is proposed to ereCl a new Gaol in or adjoining to the Market-place in the said Town of and that

the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Bishops , in the Town of Chelmsford, and entitled to the Tolls arising

within the Market of the said Town; and, the Petitioner apprehends, the building a Gaol in or near the said Market-place would deter many Persons from coming to the said Market, whereby, and otherwise, the Property of the Petitioner will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore pray ing, That he may be beard, by himself or his Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as affect his Property; and that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his laid Petition, if he thinks (it.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. ’

Laneham . Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom

Drainage, the Bill for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Low Grounds in the Parishes or Townships of Laneham, Rampton, %reftoell, South Lever ton. North Lever ton,.

blefthorpe otherwise Apefthorpe, Liitlebrough, SturtonFenton, and West Burton, in the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the( Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Proprietor of Lands of the Annual Value of £.320, who could not be found; and the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of £.967, who refuted to sign 'the Bill; and that the whole Annual Value of the.Lands intended to be drained is £.7990 per Annum; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which :they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a 6econd Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

4

Devon Mr. Alexander Pophamrepcrted from the Committee, Poor’sRehef. to whom the Bill' for the more effectual Relief of the Poor, in the County of Devon, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several rather Amendments to tire Bill; which-they bad directed'him-to report to the House; and he read the Report id his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,-One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was difagteedto, and-tie rest-were, -with an Amendment to One of -them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the- Bill’.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be

> ’ - ingrafted.

Harbour Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Mawujp, .<x Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as

a*

relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Moorings, and Punishment of Persons guilty of Healing or embezzling His Majesty’s Naval Stores; or of Forgery, or Perjury, in relation to Seamens Wages: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the more effectual Punishment of such Preventing Persons as shall demolish, or pull down, or otherwise destroy or spoil, any Mill or Mills, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, xrpon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue certain Laws therein mentioned, Rice, for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Sooth and North Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America, to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in E, situate to tbs Southward of Cape Finisterre, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee -

of t he whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a.Committee of the whose House, upon the said Bill.

- An ingrafted Bill for making perpetual an Act, made Coinage in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, An Act to continue :the Duties far Encouragement of Coinage of Money, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do ,pass: And that the Titlf

be. An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His. present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of Coinage of Money.;

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do cany (he Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day, for taking into Confide- Middlesex ration the Poll taken at the last Election of a Knight of Ekakm. the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex; and for the Attendance of the Sheriffs of 1 the said County.; being read;

.. And/the Sheriffs of the said County attending according to Order; they were called in;.and, at the Ba& produced the original Poll-Books.

And Chen they were directed to withdraw.

And the Paper produced Yesterday by the said Sheriffs, containing the Numbers of Votes, for each Cnndir date upon the Poll, was read.

The House was moved, that the Entries 'in >the -Journal of the House, of the 20th Day of .1715k Of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex; and of the Proceedings of the House thereupon; might be read.

And the feme were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that an Act, made in the Ninth Yehr of -the Reign of her fete Majesty Qjiecn ulnae,.intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom ot.Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, might be read.

’ And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the several Entries in the Journal of the House of the 2d and 14th Days, of -February 1727, and the 16th Day of April 1728, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Election

/ for

1C

Horfington

I&dofure.

Infohrent

Debtors

Sari

of

Stafford's

Bfiatcs.

9 Geo. III.

15* — 17°

587

for the Town of Bedford, in the County of , might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being* pro-

Eofed, That Henry Lawes Luttrell, Esquire, ought to have een returned a Knijght of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of;

The House was moved, that the Entries in the Journal of the House of the 2 id Day of February, and 6th Day of March 1711, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Election for the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That Henry Lawes Luttrell, Esquire,. ought to have been returned a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlw for the Yeas, {{*; , } *«

- f Mr. Thomas 1

Tellers for the Noe$,< Junior, i 143.

t Mr. Montagu. J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do amend the Return for the County of Middlesex, by rafing out the Name of John Wilkes, Esquire, and inferring the Name of Henry Lawes Luttrell, Esquire, instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attending according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to petition this House, touching the Election of Henry Lawes Luttrell, Esquire, within Fourteen Days next.

Ordered, That the Sheriffs of the County of Middlesex be again called in j and that the Poll-Books be re-delivered to them.

They were accordingly called in, to the Bar; and the said Poll-Books were re-deliveredto them accordingly. And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Aud then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Streets.

Lunts, 170 did;

Anno 9* Georgii III,1: Regis, 1769. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill Tor inclosing certain Common and Commonable Places in the Parish of Horfington, Wincanton, and Mapperton, in the County of

merfot, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing certain Common and Uninclosed Tracts of Land in the Parishes of Wincanton, and Mapperton, in4he County Of Ordered, That Mr. Walterdo carry the ' Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An iogrpfled Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title pe, An Act for the Relief of In solvenc Debtors.

Ordered, That Mr- Serjeant Nares do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the- Lord?, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of the Right honourable William late »Earl of Stafford, deceased, in the Counties of Stafford, and Salop, devised by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame: and for oilier Purposes; was rqad the First Time.

Resolved, That-the Bill be read-a Second Time. ’

Vol. 32.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Trust?« to impower the Trustees of the Will of the late General p Pulteney to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds, \v;u.' , in the Manor of Bathwiek, in the County of for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a free Bridge by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said County } and also to impower the Persons in Possession of the said Estates for the Time being, under the said Will* to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor; and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds, and Springs of Water, within the said Manor of Bathwiek, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Bath, and for other Purposes therein mentioned j was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cornwall, \

Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu, and Mr,

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St Bofolph, to amend, and render more effectual, an Act. passed in the &c: ,

Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act Pa"i*°n^ for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of Saint Boto/ph, Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East

Smithfeld, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine j and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Saint to amend, and render more effectual, an Act of the Bartholomew Twenty-eighth of his late Majesty, for the better en- (Lortdofl) lightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares,

Streets,' JLanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the parish of Saint Bartholomew the Qrand regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish; and for impowering the Trustees in the said Act named, to, pave the said Streets, and other Places, within the said Parish, and to remove Annoyances and Obstructions; without any Amendment: And also, 1

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Carnarvon for. repairing and widening the Road leading from Tflly

Cafn Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon through thq

Towns of Conway, Bangor, and Carnarvon, to the Towty of Pwllhely, in the same County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and Widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hefsle, and from the If ton Guide to the Gravel Pit at Qottingham, in the County of York, without any AmendmentAnd also.

The Lords have agreed»to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Asaidfons, through Debtling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden

and Bobbing, in the County' of Kent, without any i^nrendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed, to the Bill, intituled, A,n Act for continuing,' and rendering more effectual, Act for repairing the R,oad fro$n Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough pndeg Stpifimore, in tire County of

moreland, and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Co fie, to Kayber Cross; and also the Road from Maiden Castle, to the Coal Works at Taylor. Rig, and to fan Hill, and Kings Pittsj and also the Road from Bar-

roods Brow to foltddle Pell pyke Nook, in the said Counties j and from Tan Hill and Kings to Beck,

and Punch (fit Pafure Wef Gate, to IVhaw Lane Plead, and by Lilly jocks to Reyhy without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hast«Wa to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the , Roads from The White Post on Hafe/don's in the

Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appltdore Heath, and other

Roads

Read.

Beverley,

6cc.

Road.

Maid ft ope,

6c c. Road.

Bowes,

&c.

Road.

Arc.

Roads.

Throughend

inclosure.

Chipping

Norton

Inclosure.

Orton

Inclosure,

Tom's

Estate*.

Earl Cornwallis’ Sec; Oath of Office*

Ditto.

Torre’s

Estate.

Preventing DHtrudion trf Mills.

388 170 Aprilis. 1769*

Roads in the County of Kent, as relates to the Road or destroying Fences, that have been, or shall be set up, from Golf or d Green to Tanners Vent', for enlarging the erected, or made, in pursuance of any Act of Parlia-Term and Powers of the said Act, with respect to the ment, for dividing and inclosing any Commons, or Com- other Roads therein contained; and for amending the tnon Fields, or Common Lands, or other Lands.

Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tenter-

den, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road in the An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Coin Sunt Parish of Newenden, in the said County; without any and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, Aldwin*

Amendment: And also, within the Manor and Lordship of Coin Saint Inciofu,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act in the County of , was read the Third Time.

for dividing and inclosing a Moor, or Common, called Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Througkend Common, in the Parish of Elfdon, in the be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and County of Northumberland, without any Amendment: Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands,

And also, within the Manor and Lordship of Coin Saint Aldonins,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An in the County of Gloucester.

Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Com- Or, That Mr. Tucker do carry the Bill to the mon Fields and Commonable Lands, in the Parishes Lords, and desire their Concurrence, of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment: And also. Sir John Palmer reported from tire Committee, to Leicester

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more eftec- to , for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons and tual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King *

Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Orton, in the George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road County of Westmoreland, without any Amendment: from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to

And also, Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Warwic, and other Roads, and for other Purposes in vetting in Trustees several Real Estates, late of Jane the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates Torre, Widow, deceased, in Hefsle, Tranby, Anlaby, and to the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the elsewhere, within the County of the Town of Kingston Town of Narborough, and from Leicester to Hinckley, upon Hull, which were given and devised, by her Will, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the to and for the Benefit of the Reverend Mr. James Torre, Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Clerk, her Son, and his Children, upon Trust, to fell and found the same to be true; and that the Committee the fame, and apply the Money to arise by the Sale in had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Manner therein expressed; to which the Lords desire mentj thereunto; which they had directed him to report the Concurrence of this House: And also, to the House; and.he read 'the Report in his Place; and

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, it? enable the Right honourable James Grenville, and the at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Right honourable Charles Earl Cornwallis, to take in Once read throughout; and ;hen a Second Time, One Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-and Receiver General and Paymaster Getieral of all upon, were agreed toby the House.

His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland ', Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said ingrossed.

Offices j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of

this House. An ingrossed; Bill for repairing the Road from Newport

And then the Messengers withdrew. port Pagne/l, in the County of Buckingham, through the PagneU

several Towns of Stoney Stratford, Buckingham, and to

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act cester, to the Town of ,in the County of Ox-

to enable the Right honourable James Grenville, and the ford, was read the Third Time.

Right honourable Charles Earl Cornwallis, to take, in Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and be, An Act for repairing the Road from Stoney Strat-Receiver General and Paymaster General of all His ford, in the County of Bucks, through the Towns of Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland-, and to Buckingham and Bicester, to the Town of Woodstock, in qualify themselves for the Enjoyments of the said Offices; the County of Oxford.

was read the First Time. . Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sir George Yongt reported from the Committee, to Exeter for vetting in Trustees several Real Estates, late of Jane whom the Bill to continue and render more effectual gcc. *

Torre, Widow, deceased, in Hefsle, Tranby, Anlaby, and Two Acts for amending several Roads leading from Roads,

elsewhere, within the County of the Town of Kingston the City of; and for repairing and widening the

upon Hull, which were given and devised by her Will, Way or Street from the Causeway, at the Bottom of to and for the Benefit of the Reverend Mr. James Torre, St. Davids Hill, through Northgate Street, to St. Paul's Clerk, her Son, and his Children, upon Trust, to fell the Street, and rendering the Passage theireof more contmoi

fame, and apply the Money to arise by the Sale in Man- dious; and for opening a Road or Highway from St.

ner therein expressed, was read the First Time. Davids Hill, through Howell’s Laue, to The Oxford Inn,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. near the EastGateof the said City; and for repairing

and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road a

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Exweek Cross, to the Smith's Shop near Cowley Bridge', to whom the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of in the County' of; and also for repairing and

such Persons as shall demolish, or pull down, or other- widening, or re-building Exe Bridge, in the County of wife destroy or spoil, any Mill or Mills, is committed, Devons and County of the City of Exeter, and for re-that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for moving Obstructions in certain Ways or Streets leading the more effectual preventing the demolishing, pulling from the said Bridge; and also for repairing and widen-down, destroying, or damaging, Fire Engines, or other ing the Road from the Turnpike Road near Bars Hill Engines, used for draining Water from Collieries, or Oak Corto the Turnpike Road at the Red Port lead-Coal-mines, and Bridges, or Waggon Ways, made use ing to Riding Lane', and for erecting a Bridge at or near of for conveying Coals from Collieries and Coal-mines; a Ford called Countess Wear,\n the County of Devon, and for the more effectual preventing the pulling down was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor,

Bailiffs,

9 Geo. III. 170 Apri 389

Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of; and

- also the Petition of Samuel Webber, and Thomas

worthy, of Topsham, in the County of Devon j were referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amertdments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

HucknaH An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing all the

Torkanl Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Open,

Initolure. Commonable, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hucknall Torkard, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Open, Commonable, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hucknall Tor hard, in the County of Nottingham,

Ordered, That Mr. Cust do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Saint Nicholas, within the City of and Parish.

of Strood, in the County of Kent; and for making a Road through Star Lane, across certain Fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hill, in the said County; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be m^de to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 22. To leave out from "mentioned" to " and" in 1. 37.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the High Streets and Lanes, in the Parish of Nicholas, within the City of Rochester, and Parish of Strood, in the County of Kent; and for making a Road through Star Lane, across certain Fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hill, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Gordon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Markham’s for vetting in Trustees, to be sold, the Freehold and E tcs> Inheritance of the Estate of George Markham, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, along with a precedent Term therein; and for other Purposes; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Colonel Barre, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hitchin,

&c.

Roads.

St. Aubyn’s Chapel, Plymouth

Dock.

Rochester and Otrood Streets,

See

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effectual^ an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hitchin, in the CouDty of Hertford, through She ford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned: and for repairing and widening the Roads from Shefford Way Post, to the Turnpike Road at Arlefey, and from the North End of to Bigglef-

wade, in the County of Bedford; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And chat the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from

Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Roads from Shefford Way Post, to the Turnpike Road at Henlow, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Phtmer do casty the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerel in the County of Devon, was committed.

Mr. Burrell accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the High Streets and Lanes in the Parish of

VOL.32.

A Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Harbour Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as relates Mooring*, to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for c* the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Moorings, and Punishment of Persons guilty of stealing or embezzling His Majesty’s Naval Stores; or of Forgery or Perjury, in relation to Seamens’ Wages; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for carrying into Execution certain East India Proposals made by the East India Company, for the Company. Payment of an Annual Sum, for a Time to be limited, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7.1. 5. After " under" to insert " the Rate of."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Company, for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Henry Webb, Agent for Webb’s and John Bill, Merchants, and Co-partners, in the City a of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in July last. Grain bearing a high Price there and in the neighbouring Counties, the said Glover and Company gave Orders to their Agent in Virginia, to purchase a Cargo of Wheat for a small Vessel, called The Betfey and Hannah, which was sent out on the 3d

5G of

Penmatn

Mawr

-Road.

390 17 0 Apntis,

of Augstft following, with Difeftions for it to be shipped And therefore praying, That the House will grant the immediately, so as to be here within the Time limited Petitioners a Sum of Money sufficient to make the said by Act of Parliament, for the Importation thereof; but intended Road.

the said Vessel, on her Outward-bound Passage, meet- Ord, That the said Petition be referred to the Coning with contrary Winds, and falling in with a heavy sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Gale, the Captain was under the Necessity of cutting the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall away her Masts to save her, which made her Pafi'age out appear to them, to the House:

much longer than was expected, afnd (heat last got into And it is referred to Mr. Lord North, &c.:

the Country, in all Appearance a mere Wreck; and the And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the unavoidable Repairs necessary to reindate her, took Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to some Time before the Wheat could be put on board; fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who and, although all possible Means were used for Expedi- come to the Committee are to have Voices, tion, ihedid not arrive with it at Bristol till the 4th of,

February, and on her Arrival, the said Glover and -^lF according to Order, reported Wav»

Company applied to the Commissioners of the Treasury, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it. WeaM< and to the Commissioners of the Customs, in Hopes of w?s referred to consider further of Ways and Means for procuring from them the Liberty of landing the said ra, sing the Supplies granted to His Majesty, the Resolu

Wheat free of Duty; or to re-export it; but found t,on which the Committee had directed him to report to that neither could be done, the Petitioner having the House, which lie read in his Place; and afterwards reported it at the Custotn House of Bristol for Home delivered in at the Clerk s Table Where the same was Consumption, and could Only obtain Leave to land a read and is as followeth; viz.

Part of it, in order to examine into the State of the Whole RefThat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

of the Cargo, upon paying £ 255 as a Deposit for That the Annual Sum of One thousand Five hundred

the Duty; upon which Examination, the said Cargo Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the

was found to be greatly damaged; and that the Damage Pr,ncipal Secretaries of State, to be distributed among

has ever since much increased, and the said Wheat is now the Clerks in their respective Offices, in Compensation

quite unfit for Exportation; and the said Glover and for the Advantages which such Clerks enjoyed from

Company must inevitably lose the fame, or the greatest the,r sending and receiving Letters and Packets free

Part thereof, unless permitted to land it for Home Con- ffotn the Duty of Postage, before the Commencement

fumption: And therefore praying the House, on Behalf P‘an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Ma-

of the said Joseph Glover and John Bill, to take the Jesty’s Reign’ intituled, M An Act for preventing Frauds

Premises into Consideration, and to give them Leave to and Abuses, in relation to the sending and receiving

land the said Cargo of Wheat, consisting of .4,500 Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Post-

Bufbels, or thereabouts, free of Duty; and that they aSe’ be charged upon, and made payable out of,

may have the said Sum of £.255 returned them, and the Revenues anfing in the General Letter Office, or

have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet. Office, or Office of Postmaster General. _

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, Consideration of a Committee: And that that they do uP°n the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the examine, and Rate to the House, the Matter of FaA House, _: '

contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Brickdale, Lord Clare, &c.: Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Militia.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Reading of the Bill, if ingossed, for explaining, amend-Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to ing, and continuing, an Act* made in the Second Year of fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. the Reign of His present. Majesty, intituled, An Act to

explain, amend, and redupe into One Act of Parliament,

A Petition of the Nobility and Gentry, Inhabitants of the several Laws now, in being, relating to the Raising and the several Counties of North IValet, on Behalf of them- Training the Militia, within, that Part of Great Britain

selves and others, and all the Nobility, Gentry, and called England, be now rpd. ‘ ,

others travelling through the County of Carnarvon, t6 , And the said Order being read accordingly: ’

Ireland, by Way of Holyhead, being offered to be pre- Ordered, That the said Bill, now ingrossijd, be, read i'ented to the House; the Third Time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Cloqk.

The Lord. North, by His Majesty’s Command, .-

acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recom- to resolve itself.into a Committee of the wh^le. House, an<* M'ani-mends it to the Consideration of the House. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Setting forth, That the Road over a high Mountain, And the said Order being read accordingly;, called Penmaen Mawr, in the said Chunty of Carnarvon, Ordered, That the Account of Monies remaining in is in a ruinous Condition, and almost impassable; and the Office of the Paymaster (general of His Majesty’s that about Twenty Public Bridges in the said County, Forces, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, be re-

were thrown down, or greatly damaged, by the violent ferred to the said Committee. ‘ ....

Floods last Winter; and that the Charges of rebuild- Then the House resolved icself into the said Commit-, ing the same are become so heavy a Burden on the said ' tee.

County, that the Expence of repairing the Road above Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

mentioned cannot be otherwise defrayed than by the Aid Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Comr and Assistance of Parliament; and that there is much mittee.

reason- to fear the said Road over Panmaen Mawr will Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

soon be impassable, whereby the Communication between Sin Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

England and Ireland, by the Way of Holy-head, will That they had come to several Resolutions; which "they be entirely flopped, to the great Detriment and Injury had directed him to report, when the House will please of both Kingdoms; and that, by a Survey taken of the to receive the same.

said Road, it is found, no effectual Amendment is Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow practicable, and therefore propose to make a new Road, Morning.

at the Foot of the said Mountain, whereby the Pre- fiir Charles Whitzvor/ha\Co acquainted the House, That cipice will be avoided, and the Road, rendered safe and he was directed by the Committee to move, that they commodious s the Estimate of the Expence whereof is mav have Leave to fit again.

computed at least to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds: Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

*5 . ing

9 Geo. III. 170 — i8° Apiilis. 391:

ing next, refold itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

C^reof Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House aw to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of what further Encouragement it may be proper to give to the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk, in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be teceived Tomorrow

Morning.

Ramsgate The Order of the Day being read, for the Third arbour’ Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate-, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich;

The Counsel against the Bill Was called in; no Counsel appearing for the Bill.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of Barnet his Danish Majesty’s Coniul i eliding in Great Britain, on Behalf of many of the Dav.ifhMerchants trading to this Kingdom, was allb read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard, and examined several Witnesses in support of the said Petition; and went through his Evidence.

And then the Counsel was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Exports from The Order of die Day being read, for receiving the Je ey, &c. £€j,ort from Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the Inhabitants of *md

fey to export diredily from thence, to or the Bntifh Colonies in , Goods necessary fof the Fishery, under certain Reftrrftions; and to import from thence non-enumerated Goods, and to land the same in the said Islands; was committed; "

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next. ‘ ’

upply. The Order of the Day being fCad, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the Supply granted ter His Majesty; ..

Resolved, That this House' will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee'.

The other Order of the Day being read;

®ie*. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue certain Laws therein mentioned, for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia, dtreftly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. 32.

Sir Thomas' Frankland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Frankland reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 18® die Aprilis;

Anno 9* Georgii III*51 Regis, 1769.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bertie’s for obviating a Doubt, arising on the Settlement of Marriage Peregrine Bertie, Esquire, with Catherine his present Sett, fment-Wife, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow,

Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Canale’s for naturalizing Samuel Canale, Esquire, and to enable ^at-him, and his Issue, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Thor old, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard,

Mr. Bull, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom Chapman’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Estates. empower Anthony Chapman, Esquire, to grant Leases of Part of his Settled Estates, in the County of and City of London, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had 'directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at, the Clerk’s Table,

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dp pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and intlofing the Open Clavpole Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the I^cLjfure. Lord ship of Claypole, within the Manor and Parish of Claypole, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.’

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for keeping down the Interest of Money borrowed.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Pastures, in the Lordship of within the Manor and Parish of Claypole, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered,

392 18° Aprilis. A. 1769.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Beckingham An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Sutton Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Ground, Inclosure. within the Town Chips of Beckingham and , in the

Manor and Parish of Beck, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of and Sutton, in

the Manor and Parish of , in the County of

Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Bertie do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tonbridge Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee, Road to w^om Bill to amend an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to and from Wats

Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Repair of the Road from Wats Cross to Cowden i and for repairing the Road, leading from Sevenoakes Common, to Hatch Corner, and

from Pen/hurst Town to Southborough, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthcreunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duties of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Customs. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods, removed from the Out Ports and other Places, to London, that they do make Provision therein, for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and Private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces.

Orkney Isles, The House was moved, that the Petition of Sir Exportof Laurence Dundas, Baronet, on Behalf of himself and of B,gs‘ the other Landholders in the which was pre-

fen ted to the House upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for authorizing the Exportatian of a Quantity, to be limited, of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney.

Export of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Iron, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or &Ci Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Mean? for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, to prohibit the Exportation of such Pig nd Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, as shall not 18

be first tendered to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, Duties on a Bill to permit the Free Importation of certain Raw Lcalher* Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, for a Time to be limited; and for taking off the Duties upon Seal Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, in this Kingdom; and for granting another Duty in lieu thereof; for indemnifying all Persons with relpeCl to advising or executing any of His Majesty’s Orders of Council, prohibiting the Importation of Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, of Infected Cattle, and to authorize the Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

kefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Frank land, according to Order, reported Rice, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue certain Laws therein mentioned, for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the

Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Colonel Barre reported from the Committee, to whom £*ri the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sheibun«’« veiling Part of the Real Estate, devised and directed to Will, be purchased, by the Will of Henry Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and in Token-house Yard, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Lothbury, in the City of London, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale or Mortgage; thereof, in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments in England, to be settled to the Uses of his said Will; and for enabling the Persons therein mentioned to grant such Leases as are therein expressed; was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

t

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from vtr r» the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Mean*, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Nine thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, out of the

Money

Ramfgafe

Harbour.

Calder

Navigation.

Chcadlc

&c.

Road.

9 Geo. III. 18° Aprilis.393

Money remaining unapplied, of the Winter Stoppage in the County of without any Amendment:

of Six Pence per Day, made on the Non-commissioned And also,

Officers, and private Men of the Regiments of Cavalry, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^ar,y Moor serving in Germany in the last War, and of the Balance of for repairing and widening the Road from Darly , ^oad‘

the Stock-Purse Account of T]yro Regiments of Cavalry; in the County of to , in the County of

and also out of the Monies due upon the Final Account, Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between

ended the 24th of December 1755, of William Earl of Leek and , in the said Counties of and Chatham, formerly Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Stafford, without any Amendment: And also,

Forces; and of the Final Account of 'Thomas Calcraft, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ampney

Esquire, late Paymaster of the Royal Bounty to the for dividing and *inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Inclosure.

Widows of the Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces Common Meadows, Downs, and Commonable Lands,

and Marines, and the Widows Of Half Pay Officers, lying within the Manors and Parishes of

ended the 24th of December 1762; and also out of the otherwise Ampney Crucis, and Ampney Mary, otherwise.

Monies remaining in the Office of the Paymaster General Ashbrook, in the County of Gloucester, without any

of His Majesty’s Forces, subject to the Disposition of Amendment: And also.

Parliament; be applied towards making good the Supply the LrOrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Thurlfton granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraor- for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields Inclosure*

dinary Expences of His Majesty *s Land Forces, and of Thurlfton, otherwise Thul/lon, in the County of Leicester,

other Services, incurred to the 23d Day of December without any Amendment: And also,

1768. and not provided for by Parliament. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fleckney

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields Incoure*

That, toward making good the Supply granted to His of Fleckney, in the County of , without any

Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Fifty-nine thousand Amendment: And also,

Eight hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Eight Shil- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bristol lings and Five Pence Ilalt-penny, remaining in the to enable the Corporation of the City of Bristol, to ex- n<i Receipt of the Exchequer, on the Fifth Day of April change the Building of the Hospital called Queen

1769, for the Disposition of Parliament, over and above beth’s Hospital, for the Building called the Bartholo-the Surplus of the Sinking Fund then remaining for the mew's, in the said City j and- for altering the Times for

fame Purpose. holding Bristol Fairs; without any Amendment: And

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second also,

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act o^haiHcs agreed to by the House. for dividing the Vicarage of upon Thames, in the UPVi«rage.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, County of Surrey, with the several Chapelries or Curacies, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or thereto belonging, or thereon dependent, into Two fepa«

Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday rate Vicarages, and Two separate Perpetual Curacies, last, were reported from the Committee of the whole in such Manner as is therein mentioned, without any House, to whom Jt was referred to consider further of Amendment: And also,

Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His The Lords have agreed to the Bi!’, intituled, An Act Wiggiaton Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Ldolure. they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the Grounds of the Township ot in the County of

said Bills, pursuant tothq Resolutions this Day reported York, without any Amendment: And also, from the said Committee, and which have been agreed to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Biftop by the House. for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common

Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds within the Townlliip of Bishop Wilton, in the East Riding of the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming County of York, with some Amendments; to which the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made Yesterday, Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this That the ingrafted Bill to explain and amend an Act, House.

made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King And then the Messengers withdrew.

George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending,

and preserving the Haven of Sandwich; dopafs; bc-now OrdThat the Order of the Day for the Third Militia,

read. Reading of the Bill for explaining, amending, and con-

And the same being read accordingly; ' tinuing, An Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate; of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the feve--An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the ral Laws now in being, relating to the raising and train-Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the ing the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain, called Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of England, be now read.

Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving And the said Order being read accordingly;

the Haven of Sandwich. The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Trecothick do carry the An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Bill, by way of Ryder, for recovering the £. 5 per Man.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Time, and, upon the Question, put thereupon, was Cuddon: agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bilj, by

Mr. Speaker, way of Ryder.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to for extending the Navigation of the River Calder to Salter the Bill, by way of Ryder, that no Person serving in the Hobble Bridge, and to Sowerby Bridge, in the County of Regular Forces, or in any. Regiment of Militia, shall York; and for repealing an Act for that Purpose; with- inlist in any other Regiment of Militia as a Substi-out any Amendment: And also, tute.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; for repairing and widening the Road from Cheadle to which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Botham House, and from thence to Buttetton Moor End, Time, and upon the Question put thereupon was agreed You 31. 5 H to.

Militia.

394 18° Apri

to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.-

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, containing a Form of the R.eturn of the Number of Officers present at the Time of annual Exercise.

And the said Clause was Thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House* to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered %3 be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, that nothing in the Act relating to the Qualification of a Lieutenant, or EnfiAn, shall extend to an Adjutants

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended. And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that Persons exempt by former Acts from serving in the Militia, shall be liable to contribute to the £.5 per Man.

And the Question being put, That the said Claufa be brought up; *

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia, within that Part of Great called England.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Fenmaen Mr. Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the Mawr Petition of the Nobility and Gentry, Inhabitants of the R°a several Counties of North Wales, on Behalf of themselves and others, and all the Nobility, Gentry, and others, travelling through the County of Carnarvon to by Way of Holyhead, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Birmingham The Order of the Day being read, for the Third

Streets. Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages, within the Town of Birminghamj and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

palbv’s The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Petition for into, Confederation the Report, which was made from c ,aipenfit:on. Committee, to whom the Petition of Francis of London, Merchant, was referred.

And the said Report was read; arid is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fadl contained in the said Petition, is as followeth;

To prove the Ship Britannia, being bound on a Voyage to Genoa or Naples, and from thence to Gallipoly, and back to London; the Stopping the Ship and Cargo at Port Mahon, by Admiral Mathews; and the Voyage being thereby totally

defeated:

October 19, 1743. Charter Party between Dalby and Collyer, whereby Dalby let the Ship Britannia, whereof William Henry was Master, to freight to Mr. Collyer, to

carry Corn to Genoa; and at s Option to carry

20 Men, and go with Convoy, or 25 Men, and go without, at 45 Shillings per Ton with Convoy, and 47 s. 6 d.without, reckoning 5 Quarters to the Ton; with Two Thirds of trie Port and other Charges; with Liberty to fend the Ship to Naples, at 52 s.6 d.per Ton. The Owner bound himself and his Ship for the true Delivery of the Cargo; and Collyer bound his Corn to Dalby for Payment of the Freight, iAc. upon the true Delivery’at either of those

Ports.

8 Dec. 1743. William Henry, the Mailer’s, Bill of Lad’fng for io6g Quarters of Wheat, to be delivered at Genoa or Naples, the Dangers of the Seas -only excepted, to the Order of Collyer or his Assigns, he or they paying Freight for the said Goods as per Charter Party, 1 with Collyer's Indorsement thereon, ordering the Captain

to deliver the Cargo to Messrs. Andre and Co. of Genoa, or their Assigns.

15 Dec. 1743. Letter from Dalby to Births mentions the Ship Britannia then lay loaded at bound

for Genoa-,mentions that he would himself lay out

£. 1000 in Oil at Genoa, Gallipoly, or any other Place he should advise, if he could procure Freight for the Remainder for London-, directs him, if he thought it possible to load the Vessel for London, instead of remitting him any Money, to contract for Oil with it, and that the other Freight would go very far or quite pay it.

3 Jan. 1743. Collyer, the Freighter’s, Letter to Captain Henry, directing him to fail immediately with 25 Men, without waiting for Convoy, for Genoa-, and ta wait 48 Hours oft’ the Height of Genoa, lor Orders whether to deliver the Cargo there, or proceed with it to Naples.

3 Jan. 1743. Daily's Letter to Captain,

mentioning that he had settled with Mr. Collyer, and directing Henry to proceed directly for Genoa or Naples, and from thence to New. England or Gallipoly, and London.

5 Jan. 1743. Daily's Letter to Henry, inclosing Collyer's Coni'ent above mentioned to fail without Convoy, and an Agreement between and Henry, rela-

tive to the Voyage, as follows:

5 Jan.Memorandum of Agreement between Francis

Dalby, of London, Owner, and William Henry, Master ol his Ship Britannia, now bound on a Voyage from Cowes to Genoa or Naples, and from thence either to load at Gallipoly, or any other Port in the Mediterranean, for London, or Boston in New England, as the said Francis Daily shall appoint, under his Hand in Writing: In Consideration of which Service to be done and performed by the said liam Henry, the said Francis Dalby agrees to pay him the Sum of £.6.Sterling per Month; and the said William

Henry agrees to accept of the fame, and to acquit himf/'f in all Things as a good and faithful Mailer, for the said £. 6. per Month, without the Allowance of Primage, or any Thing else whatsoever, which are declared to be and remain the Property of the said Francis Daily-, which Agreement is' signed by Dalby and Henry.

8 Jan. 1743. ' Henry's Letter to mentioning

he had received his laid Letter, with s inclosed;

that he had signed the Agreement above mentioned, and was glad he had received fuel) Orders both from Collyer and Dalby, and would take particular Notice of Dalby's Orders, and not go from them the leall in the World.

5 Jan. 1743. Daily's Letter to mentioning, that please God the Ship arrived safe at Genoa, lie was to . receive for Dalby 47 s.6 d. per Ton Freight, Two Thirds Port Charges, and the customary Primage and Average; that the Ship was to stop 48 Flours, without any Coll to Dalby, for Orders to discharge at Genoa or go to Naples; in which last same Dalby was to be paid 52 ,r. 6 d. per Ton Freight, with the Port Charges, Primage, and Average

9 Geo. III. Aprilis. 595

age as aforesaid. He ordered Birtles to make him no " to the English Custom, before his Woi’ship, Dr. Ga- Dalbv Remittance on Account of the Freight of the Wheat by " br'tel Oliver y PardoKnight, Judge Commissary of compen" the Ship Good Hope,(another Ship belonging to Dalby, " this Tribunal, de*. iared as follows. That he departed

which, had been consigned to Birt/es,) but to invest the " from , in England, on the 27th Day of ‘January

fame, together with what should arii'e by the Charter " laftpaft, Old Sty e, with his said Ship loaden with Party, with Co!Iyer, in Gallipo/y Oil, towards loading the " Wheat, in order to carry the same to Genoa, to the Britannia back to London. " Consignment of the English Consul; and arrived at

19th Jan. 1743. Dalbys Letter to Birtles, advising " on the 14th Day of February last, or there-

him that he was resolved to load Oil in the Britannia, if " abouts; from whence (he set fail the same Day in it was possible to be done; desired that he would let " Company with His Majesty’s Ship of War the New-out Two Thirds of the Ship upon the bed Terms he " castle. Captain Fox, in order to come to Minorca, could, above 50 s.per Ton, and to purchase One Third " and from thence to proceed to Genoa with the said of the Cargo; yet, rather than obstruct the Ship, Dalby " Convoy for greater Safety: That he arrived-off this would take Half the Cargo, as he desired to have the " Port of Mabon on the 6th Instant, New Style, but Ship returned in Time for Newfoundland-, that he " the Wind proving contrary he could not get in, so ;would try to let Part of the Ship here, but it should " that he was obliged to come to an Anchor with the be with Restriction that Birtles had not done it at " major Part of the said Convoy without the Mouth Genoa. " of the Harbour; and the Wind changing to the East

19th Jan. Dalby's Letter to Henry, ordering, that, " North East on the Sth Instant, which accords with on his Arrival at Genoa, he should follow such Directions " the 26th of February, Old Style, he set fail, and en-as he should receive from John Biriles, Esquire, who was " deavoured to get in, having a Pilot of this Country to receive the Freight and Primage the Ship made, and " on board, but was obstructed by Means of the bad would disburse what might beabfolutely necessary for the " Weather increasing, and being at the Entrance of the Use of the Ship. It appears that this Letter was sent " Port, he was overtaken with a Squall of Wind a-under Cover to Birtles, in the Letter to him of the same " head, which came with such Violence, that he was Date. " obliged immediately to let go his Anchor in the Sea,

26th Jan. 1743. Dalby's Letter to Birtles requests tc and not having Time to get out and haul up the Ca-him to serve him as much as he can in the Britannia-, " ble to flop the Ship and secure h r, fhc went upon for that to Bojlonfhc must not go; and points at other " the Rocks called La Clofa, at the Mouth of the Ways of employing the Ship, in Cafe, on his buying " Port, where she continued for the Space of Four Half (he Cargo of Oil, it should prove impracticable " Hours, broke her Rudder, and mad. much Water; to procure a Freight for London or Holland; and would " and after the said Ship of War lud lent him Assist-write further next Post. " ance in his Launch, she was got off the said Rocks;

19U1 Feb. 1743. Birtles' Letter to Dalby, advising, " but by reason of bad Weather he could not get in that his Letter of the 19th past was come to Hand; that " until the nth Instant, which accords, or is answera-he observed the Ship Britannia was at last la:led; and, " ble to the 29th of February, Old Style: And as the among'other Things, he writes as follows: " I find you " Appearcr is apprehensive, that it is necessary to " are fixed in your Sentiments to have the Ship returned " make a Protest for the Reasons aforegoing, and " to you; to facilitate which, I have made Note to pur- " suspecting that his Cargo may be wetted by the " chafe One Third, or even One Half of her Cargo of " great Quantities of Water the said Ship received,

" Oil for your Account, with which Foundation, I don’t " he therefore declared to protest against the Sea,

" doubt but shall get her a full Ship at £. 4. Sterling, " as well as against whomsoever he legally may or " and perhaps more, per Ton. I hope you will not " ought to protest; and prays your World ip would be " have contracted for any Part of the Cargo Homeward, " pleased to receive an exact Information thereof, and " as may prejudice the Scheme I have in view, by " afterwards grant him such Copies of the same as he " which I flatter myself flic may make a good " may have Occasion for, for the Justifi-

Freight." " cation of his Rights, &c. The which he prays for in

1 ft Marcht743- Dalby's Letter to Birtles, acknow- " the best Manner possible, &c.".

ledging Receipt of his Letter of the 19th February, in Daniel Wane, Mate, and Carpen-

which he writes, " I am glad you are like to procure ter of the said Ship, at the same Time, confirmed the

te half the Cargo of the Britannia on Freight. Some of said Protest upon Oath.

" our Merchants have informed me, that Gallipoly Oil 9th March 1743. A Warrant under the Hand of Ad- wasfellt0 2i Ducats per Salm; I find, by your Let- miral Mathews, whereby he impowered, authorized,

" ter, the Price was higher: I shall therefore only re- and directed the said Captain Henry forthwith to deliver,

" quest you to get it on the best Terms possible. If for the Use of His Majesty, to Mr. Rujjeil Revell, then Henry is not gone to Gallipoly before this, I would Agent Victualler at Mahon, the Cargo ot English Wheat

have the Velvet and Piece of Silk, which I ordered for then on board the Britannia, under his Command, Grft " my own Use, lent by him; and please to supply taking such Steps as the said Captain should think neno Money for the Ship more than you fee abfo- ceflary and customary, as well for his o wi Lhfcharge, as " lutely necessary.’’ the Security and Satisfaction of the Frci0..ters and

ill: March 1743. Upon or inclosed in the last Letter Proprietors of the said Wheat, which was <0 be paid

above mentioned, Dalby's Letter to Henry, mentioning, for by the said Revell, at the Price it might rca-

among other Things, that his Correspondent, Birtles, fonably be worth, at the Market it was consigned to,

would inform him how to act at Gallipoly; and direct- in case it had not been stopt at Mahon for his Ma-

ing Linty, if by contrary Winds he put in any where jesty’s Service; and for all which that should be to in the British Channel, to perform his Quarantine at Captain Henry a sufficient Warrant,

once. 8th March 1743. s Letter to the Com-

12 March 1744. Captain Henry-,*, Protest at Mahon, missioners of Victualling, acquainting them, that the which, by the T-anflation produced by tive Commission- Admiral had ordered him to receive the said Cargo of ers of Victu fifing, is as follows: "Appeared, &V. Cap- Wheat, which the Admiral had so stopt for his " tain William Heie v,of the Eng’i/hNation, Commander Majesty’s Service, and to pay for it in Manner mention-

" of the Ship Britannia, at present riding at. Anchor edin the above Warrant.

" in this Pori of Mahon, where he hath been hindered 14th March 1743. Admiral Mathews's Warrant of " coming in, from the 9th Instant; and until this Day this Date, directing the said among other

" he could not appear, by reason of the bad Weather Things, to receive the said Cargo, and caul'e it to be " herein after-mentioned: And being (worn, according ground and made into Rulk with all possible Expedi-VOL. 32. - tion

Dai by’s Petition for

if om pci 1 fat ion.

x 8° Aprilis.

A. 1769.

tion for the Use of His Majesty’s Fleet, to prevent their being distressed in case the Supply of Provisions, ordered from England, should be delayed by the Uncertainty of the Season, or otherwise: And, further, that as loon" as he should have received all the Cargo of Wheat, and compared and agreed his Account thereof with the said Master, specifying whatever Quantity should be found damaged, he was to correspond with the said Consul Birtles, thereby advising him of the Admiral’s Orders; and to prevent the Crown from being put to an additional Expence by any Demand of the Proprietors in case of Delay, and to prevent the Risque of remitting the Money in Specie; the said Revel/, was directed to remit the Amount of the Cargo to the said Consul Birt/es, in Bills of Exchange on the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy.

27th March 1744. Dalby sLetter to Captain Henry,

advising him, that a French War being declared, he must raise the Freights very considerably; and he left the Care of giving Sailing Orders with John Births, Esquire, which he Was to follow: That if possible, he had best come with Convoy; if it happened otherwise, to make the first safe Port in England, he could, and there perform his Quarantine.

24th April 1744. Daily's Letter to Births, informing him of the said Cargo of Wheat being stopt at Mahon; that on the Morrow he would apply for Payment; and that he would take such Care, that Birt/es should be under no difficulty to draw for Money to make good the Orders he had or should give.

To shew a Fund in Births's Hand for purchasing the Oil at Gallipoly as intended by Dolby; — he produced.

13th Nov. 1743. Births's Letter to Dalby, acknow-' ledging his having received Bill of Lading for 329 Quarters of Wheat eonsigned to him, for Dalby's Ac- " count, by the Ship Good Hope, of which he was foie "

Owner; wherein he fays, he would credit s Ac- "

count for the Freight of the Ship. "

4 Dec. 1743. Birtles'sLetter to Dalby, advising, that "

the Good Hope was arrived in Safety j that he had taken " Samples of the Cargo, and it was of a good Quality. " 18 Dec: 1743. Birtles's Letter to Dalby, advising "

him, he h?d concluded the Sales of the Corn to Andrea " Venzano, at £. 16. per mine of 194 to be paid in Two " Months. "

And he referred to the Evidence above as to the " Britannia's Freight being £ 570. ' "

To prove the Value of the Ship, and the Cost of " Insurance; Dalby produced, a Witness, "

Alexander Clunie, Merchant, who, being examined, " declared, that a Ship of her Tonnage and Age, fitted, " manned, and victualled, completely, for the Sea, for " such a Voyage, and in such Manner as the Britannia " appeared to be in at the Time of her failing from Eng* " land, must have cost the Owner, and was worth, £.12 "

per Ton, or thereabouts: "

Produced also John Fry, an Insurance Broker, who being examined, touching the Insurance of Ships from " London to Mahon, about the Time of the Britannia's " failing thither, declared, the Premium for such Infur- " ancewas 12 per Gent, without Convoy. "

To prove, That after the Ship was stopt by Ad- " miral Mathews, Dalby did every Thing in his " Power to recover the full Possession of his Ship, in order to prosecute. his intended Voyage, and to prevent, as far as he could, the Losses and Damages he hath since sustained in Consequence of her being stopt by Admiral Matheivs; and that notwithstanding his frequent Applications to the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners of Victualling, and Courts of Law and Equity, he was prevented by the Agents of Government from ever regaining Possession of his Ship, and ascertaining the Money due to him in respect thereof, either by the Arbitrament of Merchants 20

of Reputation, or by a Jury, when the legal Remedy subsisted;

Dalby produced the following Evidence.

ift May 1744. Dalby's Memorial to the Lords of the Admiralty, letting forth, among other Tiling1-, that by the taking of the said Wheat, the Ship’s intended Voyage was obstructed, and the Ship must unavoidably be unemployed at least Three Months before the Master could have Orders how to proceed; and that it was not possible for Dalby to lend to supply the Non-payment of the Freight which was to have been paid at Genoa or Naples, which Dalby thereby complained was a -Loss to him of at leaf!:/. 450 more than what he was entitled to receive from the said Collyer, if the Cargo had been regularly delivered at Genoa or Naples; and all'o an additional Loss of Insurance to Gallipoly of 189; the Premium from Mahon to Gallipoly being 3. 15s. per Cent . on the said Ship which was valued at 1,200; and that Dalby would also consequently lole the Ship’s Freight Home, which would be upwards ofj£. 1000 Profit from the Price it would have been purchased at if the Freight had been regularly paid: Therefore Dalby prayed Satisfaction, 8tc.

1 ft May 1744. Dalby'sLetter to Births, acquaint-

ing him he coqld not then inform him what Satisfaction he should obtain in Consequence of his Application to the Admiralty, but hoped by Friday after, or certainly by Tuesday, he should know what was to be done: Gave general Directions about the Gallipc’y Voyage; and that he. Births, should have a Remittance to make

up £. 1,200 in his Hands for that Purpose, and request-

r, in the Interim, his utrnoft for the Ship.

2 May 1744, A Minute in a Book of the Com-flioners of Victualling, as follows, ‘‘ Mr. , ift

May, inclosing a Petition of Francis , letting forth the Damage he has sustained, by Admiral theivs Hopping his Ship Britannia, at Mahon, with Wheat, and directing us to inquire into the Matter thereof, (the Petitioner being ordered to attend us) and state the Circumstances of the Cafe, and to report our Opinion of the Loss or Damage, if any, he has sustained thereby, and what may be proper to be done for his Relief; Mr. attending the

Board, set forth the several Damages he should sustain by His Mailer’s not being able to proceed till his receiving fresh Orders: the want of his Freight being paid at Genoa, to purchase Oil, and the Impol-fibility of his lending Money thither to supply the Non-payment thereof; the additional Insurance to Gallipoly, where, in all Probability, the Ship would have arrived before the breaking out of the French War could have been known in those Parts, with other Particulars mentioned at large in the said Petition: To which the Board made him answer, that all they could do, was to order his Freight to be paid at Genoa, agreeable to the Charter Party between him and Mr. Collyer, in case the Ship had gone to the said Place, provided it shall appear that it had not been paid there already by Mr. Revell; and desired, that Mr. Collyer and he would make up the Freight between them; accordingly give the Board an Account, and produce the Charter Party for the said Ship, to be inspected into by the Board, to be satisfied that it corresponds with the fame."

3 May 1744. Dalby'sLetter to the Commissioners Victualling, containing an Account of the Money

which would be due to him on the Delivery of the Cargo at Naples: in which he Hates particularly, the Damages and Losses he sustained, or might be liable to fuller by the Hopping the Ship in Manner aforesaid, and the Disappointment of his intended Voyage; and it appears, that on the same Day, and on the Day after, he delivered to the Commissioners for their perusal, the several papers or Pieces of Evidence above and herein after mentioned; viz.

The Charter Party with Collyer.

An

9 Geo. III. i8° Jpr* 397

An Account of what would have been due to him under the Charter Party upon the Ship’s Arrival at Genoa or Naples respectively.

Copy of the Matter’s Bill of Lading.

Copy of s Order to the

Matter.

Dalby*s Letter to the Matter, 5th January 1743.

The Agreement between Dalby and the Matter, of the same Date.

The Matter’s Letter to , pro* mifing not to depart from his Orders!

8 January 1743.

Dalby'% Letter to the Matter* of the 19th January 1743, sent to Genoa.

Births's Letter to Dalby of the 19th February 1743 j and s Letter to

the Matter of the ift March 1743, sent to Genoa.

May 1744. A Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Thomas Cor Esquire, Secretary to the Admiralty, mentioning that they had discoursed Mr. Dolby on the several Points contained in his Petition or Memorial, and apprehended there was not then sufficient Light whereon to ground an Opinion with respect to the Damage which he set forth he should sustain j but, as they thought it very reasonable the Freight of the Ship should be paid as far as Genoa, they therefore proposed to him, that if the Owner of the

Wheat, and he, could adjust the Amount thereof, according to the Charter Party, they had no Objection to its being paid here, on Security being given to indemnify the Crown in case it had been already paid to the Matter, or otherwise, by their Agent at Mahon; but Mr. Dalby tinting, that this Method might occasion Delay, and be greatly injurious to him, as he wanted the Money at Genoa, or Credit to purchase a Freight Home, they proposed to fend a Copy of the Charter Party to Mr. Birtles, His Majesty’s Consul at Genoa, and to desire him to make up the Freight agreeable thereto, as if the Ship had arrived at Genoa, and to draw Bills on the Commissioners for the fame, and to, follow the Directions of Mr. Dalby in the Disposal of the Money } which Method Mr. Dalby having consented to, they intended, if their Lordships had no Objection, to write to Mr. Birtles accordingly.

May 8th 1744. A Letter from Mr. Corbet, signifying to the Commissioners, that the Lords of the Admiralty had no Objection to their doing as they proposed.

May 7. A Letter from the Commissioners to Birtles under this Date, wherein they sent him a Copy of the Charter Party which had been left with them by the Owner *of the Ship j and desiring he would take upon him the Trouble of adjusting the Freight agreeable thereto, and to draw Bills on them for the fame, in Manner above mentioned.

8 May 1744. Dalby'% Letter to Birtles, wherein he sent him a Copy of his Letter to the Commissioners, of the 3d May above mentioned, taking Notice of his Me-.morial, and the Proceedings thereon, as above stated j and directing him in making up the Account to compute the Freight, as if Dalby had remitted that Sum at 54$, and to draw on the Board for the Commission, Pottage, and all the Charges: That he had consented to this Compromise for the present to put the Ship into Action; and desired Birtles to do no Act that might hinder him of recovering for the Damages he had luf-tained; he reminded him, that he, Dalby, had made out his Bill* of the Freight as for Naples, and that he expected to be.paid for, or the Demurrage he had given up to Collyer, for that his Ship would have been at Naples

before the Eruption of the French War: That the Port Charges in England were the same as he ordered to be taken of Mr. Andre-, and that if the extra Charges at Port Mahon, and the Two-Thirds at Genoa, did not amount

VOL. 32.

to lo, ho fbotild CGrfe<tt that Chatoe t He directed Dalby’* Birtles, in case he loaded the Ship for London, with !>ctition for the Goods he had ordered, to draw on the Com* Corop*Qluioa‘ missioners of Victualling as he should fee fit, on the Account of his Freight and Damages! And, in order that the Ship might not be further ft opt, or Birtles run any Risque, he should fill up the Bills of Lading for all the Goods to himself, or Order, and fend them to Mr. Hall, till the Commissioners paid the Bill; and he, Dalby, paid what they might exceed the Effects in Births's Hands: That if Brimstone was reasonable, he should ship 15 or 20 Tons of it, and a Ton of Vermicelli, besides the Goods before directed: That if he did not load Henry for London, he should, by the first Pott, acquaint the Commissioners, that Dalby might have his Freight} but if, with the Goods formerly ordered, he could not load Henry for London, to fend him away at'once for Salt.

8 May 1744. Dalby's Letter to Captain Henry, which was sent under Cover to Birtles, acquainting him that he had wrote fully to Birtles about the Ship; and re-questing Henry to load with the utmost Dispatch for London or Boston in New England', as Birtles should direct.

No Letter appears to have been wrote by Birtles to Dalby, relative to the Ship Britannia, or any other Matter from the nth of April 1744, until the nth of June, when he wrote the Letter of that Date herein after mentioned.

3 July 1744. Dalby's Letter to the Commissioners, mentioning, that, agreeable to their Opinioq on his Letter of the 3d May above ment ioned, he readily suspends any further Proceedings on his Memorial aforesaid, to the Admiralty, till further Information could be received from Mr. Birtles, who, by his Letter of the 11 th of June, advised him that his London Scheme for Oil would then totally prove abortive; and that the Captain would gq to Cagliari to load Salt: That he should have no Occasion to make use of the Commissioners Orders to Birtles of the 7th of May, because the Matter of the Britannia had drawn £. 200 on him payable in London to Ezekiel Hall, for purchasing his said Salt: That as the Consul had not advised the Board how much the Freight, would have amounted to had the Ship discharged at Genoa, it was premature to expect a Report as to the actual Freight, Ac. But he hoped for a Report on th? other Matters mentioned in his Memorial 3d May, and an equitable same to be stated on them according to th?

Promise before made him, that he might have the Judgment of the Admiralty Board thereon.

10 July 1744. Dalby's Letter to Births, acquainting him of the Pain he suffered by the Disappointment of Money to pay the Bill of£. 200 drawn on him by Henry, to Green and Hall;and directing him, immediately on Receipt of that Letter, to remit £. 200 and the Interest, to Mr. Hall, out of the Proceeds of the

Cargo and Freight by Turell, and to return him the Bill and Protest.

.17 July. Dalby's Letter to Births, wherein he writes, that he hoped, should the Ship have wanted more Money, which he thought necessary for any Repairs, Salt, or Provisions, he had supplied it} and debited the Proceeds by Turell, as it would be cruel to suffer further Delay.

25 July. Dalby's Letter to the Commissioners, wherein he writes, that as they had come to a Resolution to do nothing in regard to the Britannia, till an Answer could be obtained from their Agent at Mahon, he desired they would fend such Directions to Mr. Births that the Credit they had formerly given him on that Gentleman, might not hinder the adjusting his Claims at London.

26 July. The Commissioners sent a Copy of the last Letter to Birtles, and directed him not to give Bills on them for the Freight of the Ship, as they had desired in their Letter of the 7th May.

5th C£l. 1744. By the Minute of the Board of this Date, it appears, that Dalby, attending at the Board,

51 relating

fcalby’s Petition for Cortipenfetiort.

398 18* Aprilis. A* 1769.

relating to the Freight of the Britannia, stopt by Admiral Mathews, with a Cargo of Wheat at Mahon; and desiring that as he had no Occasion for the Money at Genoa, that the Board would please to order him the Freight here, or such Part of it on Account, as the Board should think proper, till Answer could be had from Mr. Revell, to enable the Board to make a Report to the Admiralty, relating to his other Demands for the said Ship; upon which the Board acquainted him, they could not be certain of his not having, ordered Mr. Birtles to pay tho Freight according to the Directions given him from the Board for that Purpose, some Time since: But he replied, He was ready to give the Board sufficient Security to indemnify the Crown against such an Accident: Whereupon it was ordered, that an lm-prels be made out to Mr. Dalby, for £.4^0 Sterling, on Account of Freight for his Ship stopt by Or-

der of Admiral Mathews, at Mahon, with a Cargo of Wheat for the Use of His Majesty’s Fleet, in the Mediterranean, upon his giving sufficient Security to indemnify the Crown, against his having already received the Freight of the said Cargo of Wheat, or any Part of it, from the Owners, or Mr. on Account of the Crown, or the Owners; and against his receiving it, or giving any Orders for receiving it, for the future; And upon his giving a full and sufficient Authority to Mr. Birtles to impower him to dispose of the Money that is already received by him, or may hereafter be recovered by him for the Freight and Port Charges of the said Cargo of Wheat from the Proprietors, according to the Directions he shall receive from the.Board.

22 OEl. 1744. Dalby'% Letter, in pursuance of the last Minute to Birtles, which he delivered to the Commissioners, to be by them forwarded to him to the following Effect, viz. " As my Ship the Britannia never arrived at Genoa, I will have nothing to do with Mr. u Collyer, who was the Proprietor of the Corn, Mr. Andre, of that Place, who was his Agent, or any other " Person, except the Admiral, who seized the Goods " for His Majesty’s Use: Therefore if you have received any Money on that Head, I have nothing to do with " it, and you must account with the Commissioners of " Victualling, or whom they appoint for the fame."

5 Nov. 1744. The Report of the Commissioners of Victualling to the Lords of the Admiralty on s

Memorial of the First of May, in which they say, It did not seem to, them that Dalby had any Claim for Freight of the said Corn on their Office, the same having been paid for by them in the Price given for it to the Proprietor; and was retained for the Complainant’s Use, in the Hands of Mr. Birtles.

To shew that Dalby continued to use every Means in his Power to prevent and lessen the Losses and Damages for which he now claims Satisfaction; he produced the following Evidence:

9 Nov. Dalby's Letter to Birtles, mentioning he Was greatly surprised on the 29th of last Month, to fee by a public Lift, That the Britannia was again stopt at Mahon; and more especially as he had no Letter from Birtles, the Captain, or any other Person; that, upon Inquiry, he found that (he was detained for a 200 Bill of Green and Hall, which Birtles had informed him he had or would discharge; and Dalby orders Birtles in that Letter immediately to pay Messieurs Green and Hall, and every other Person whatsoever, any Demand they had against the Ship or Cargo in the Britannia, to order the Ship to be supplied with Provisions, and what else he himself thought necessary; and to take Satisfaction therefor out of the Money in his Hands.

16 Nov. 1744. Dalby's Letter to Birtles, complaining of the Treatment he had met with; and reproaching Birtles for his Conduct, acquaints him, that in order to be at a Certainty about the Britannia, he applied toMeffrs. Barbaud and Son, to settle with him about the Freight and Corn in the Good Hope', and to see the Britannia discharged from Mahon.

16 NoV. Dalby'% Letter to Barbaud and Son, with a full Power of Attorney to them for the Purposes aforesaid.

30 Nov. Ddlby's Letter to Birtles, expressing his Surprise at the Conduct of Green and Hall, touching the Britannia, which he had that Night Ordered to proceed to Carolina in Ballast; said, It appeared to him a Paradox, that his Letters of the 17th and 20th of July, which afe herein above stated, should be so long by the Way, as to make it the 7th of November, before he could have any Answer; fays, He had received an Account of Green and Hall's Proceedings; and declared as the same then stood, with regard to the Britannia, he would have nothing, to do with them; and presses Birtles warmly to co-operate with Barbaud to get the Ship away, if not already done.

5 Dec. 1744. Dalby'% Letter to Admiral Mathews, letting forth, the DistrelTes he had suffered, in Consequence of the Admiral’s flopping, the Ship Britannia as aforesaid; and mentioning generally the Lofics and Damages he had suffered; he expected that the Admiral would take Care that he should have immediate Satisfaction.

I o Dec. Dalby again wrote to Birtles, requesting, that he would give all the Affiance he could, to make the Matter no worse than it then was.

8 Dec. 1744. Admiral Mathews's Letter to the Admiralty, in Consequence of s Letter to him, inclosing the Papers relative to the Britannia.

24 Jan. 1744-5. Admiral Mathews's Letter, lent by the Hands of Dolby's Attorney, to Mr. Corbet, Secretary of the Admiralty, wherein he acquainted the Admiralty Board, that the Bearer thereof had been sent to him, concerning the Britannia, which he had (topped at Mahon, with her loading of Wheat, for the Service of the Fleet then under his Command: That he had wrote to them on that Subject 8th December then last, and sent them the Papers relating to that Matter; but as no Answer had been given, he then desired their Lordships would be pleased to give such Directions, as should be necessary to indemnify him, the said Admiral, for the Steps he took for the Good of the Service.

30 Jan. 1744-5. The Admiralty directed the Commissioners to take the Attorney General’s Opinion on Dalby's Cafe.

II March. The Opinion, which bears Date the nth February before, was sent by the Commissioners to the Admiralty.

15 March 1744-5. Order from the Admiralty Board to the Commissioners, to pay Dalby according to the Attorney General’s Opinion therein mentioned.

19 March. Dalby's Account of unavoidable Lodes and Damages, sustained by the Admiral’s flopping the Cargo, delivered to the Commissioners at their Request, amounting at that Time to £.5,131 Principal Money.

8 April 1745. Report from the Commissioners of Victualling to the Admiralty, upon their Order of the 15 th March, touching Dolby's Demands, by way of Letter to Thomas Corbet, Esquire.

SIR,

As the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty were pleased, by their Order of the 15th pad, to direct our paying to Mr. Francis Dalby, Owner of the Ship Britannia, such consequential Damages to the taking the Corn out of her, by Order of Admiral Mathews, at Mahon, as the Attorney General in his Opinion, of which a Copy was transmitted in our Letter of the nth past, conceived should be made good, and no other; we sent for Mr. Dalby, and desired he would give us an Account of the consequential Damages he had sustained, on account of- the Corn being taken out of the said Ship; in order to settle them with him accordingly; Upon which he laid before us an Account, a Copy of which is herewith inclosed, of what he alledges to be unavoidable Losses and Damages, sustained by the Seizure and Detention, as he terms it, of the said Ship, amounting

9 Geo. Ill, Aprilis. 399

ing-to/. 5131. 4 s.And sets forth, when those Datnages 15 May. batty's Letteir to Admiral ac- fcalby^s

Were settled* he should be ready to adjust several other tjuairiting him of the great Pains and Trouble he had Petition for Articles mentioned in the said Account. taken for about Twelve Months, without beirfg able to ComPenatioIU

As we could not help being surprised at so extra- get any Satisfaction; and desired he would enter into art Vagant a t)emand, We forthwith caused a Copy of it to Examination of the Account, and pay according to Sir ' be laid before His Majesty’s Attorney General, to be Dudley Ryder's Opinion, and the Order of the Admi-advised whether any of the Articles were such as might salty Board to the Commissioners, of the 15th , be deemed naturally consequential to taking out the which, notwithstanding all Solicitations, had been

Corn; and he having given his Opinion, of which you neglected: That by the Behaviour of the Commissioners, will please to receive a Copy inclosed, that neither the he was likely to be deprived of his Ship also: That he Homeward bound Freight, or any of the subsequent Was tired of such fruitless Attendances; and would go Damages are such as ought to be allowed; but observed no more to the Commissioners; as the Admiral was the at the same Time that the Matter Would lie; wholly iri first. Cause of the Damages he ought directly to Order* the Breast of a Jury; we sent again for Mr* Dalby, and Restitution.

desired him to inform us, whether the Claims mentioned July 31, 1745* Commissioners Minuffc of this Date, in his aforesaid Account were what he absolutely infilled whereby they ordered Birtles to be wrote to, to remit the Upon; or, if not, that he would lay his final Demand be- Freight of the Britannia in his Hands, to the Treasurer forq us for our Consideration: To these Points he declined of the Navy; and he was'wrote to the 16th Jnaking any direct or satisfactOry Answer, informing uS 3 ( July. At the Request of the Admiral, Dalby

that he expected we should make him such an Offer as We again attended the Commissioners; when they directed might think a reasonable Compensation for his Damages: him to state his Request in a Letter.

Jiut as the several Articles claimed in his Account, ex- 8 . s Letter to the Commissioners,

cept the Outward-bound Freight, which is undoubtedly wherein he mentions, That his same sent them by the Ad* due to him, are not such consequential Damages as the fniral, contained all he requested: But as it had lain Attorney General, or indeed ourselves think ought to be for above Two Months unanswered, he desired there allowed; and as our Solicitor was doubtful how far any might be it further Delay, but that they should im-Offer, besides that of the Freight, on our Parts, might be mediately cortfefs or deny the Charges in his Account, construed to the Prejudice of the Crown, in case of a or state theft Objections, that he might have an Oppor-Dispute at Law, we did not apprehend it to be advisable, tunity to reply, if necessary; and to have Judgment on or indeed that we were authorized, to make any Offers of the whole Matter.

Satisfaction to Mr. Dalby, except the Outward-bound . 16 April 1746. It was admitted. That , having

Freight; but have thought it incumbent upon us to lay received no Satisfaction, in respect of his Demands, this State of the Affair before their Lordships, humbly brought an Action against Admiral , to recover

submitting ourselves to such further Directions therein, Damages sustained by the Seizure of the Ship; and N as their Lordships shall think proper. We are, &c. which he laid in his Declaration at 10,000.

9 April. Dalby's Memorial to the Admiralty, 26 1746. The Cause being at Issue, and No*

Rating particularly the Damages claimed by him, and tice of Trial given, Dalby presented a Memorial to the Grounds on which he made such Claims; and par- the Admiralty, and another to the Commissioners of ticularly his Application to the Commissioners, and their Victualling; praying them respectively, that Admiral refilling to advance him Money to discharge the Bill of Mathew's Letter to Mr. Corbet of the 24th of January £.200, drawn by Henry to Green and Hall above men- 1744, Mr. Revels Letter of the 8 th March 1743,

tioned, which would have prevented his Distress; and and an Order given to the Commissioners by the Ad-

flopped the growing Charges of the Ship: And praying miralty on the 5th of March 1744, as relating to the

that their Lordships would give Directions for Payment taking of the Cargp out of the , might be

of such Damages as appear to be naturally consequen- produced on the Trial; which was refused; and the tial, and unavoidably attended the said Seizure, &c. Action never was tried.

And with this Memorial, Dalbytransmitted to the Lords 24 Dec. 1746. Minute of the Commissioners men-of the Admiralty, a fair and full State of his Cafe; tioning, that in pursuance of their Letter to Birtles and of the Damages naturally consequential to the Hop- of the 31st July, he remitted to the Treasurer of the ping his Ship, with the Opinion of Mr. Fazakerly Navy the Money he had received for the Freight of the thereon: That the Admiral was answerable for the Britannia; and that the Board, upon further Considera-Damages arising from his wrongful Act of seizing and tion, not thinking themselves authorized to meddle detaining the Ship at Mahon; and was liable to' make therewith, under the then Cirtumstances of the Cafe,

Satisfaction for the fame; there being no Fact stated to returned the same to Birtles; and desired him to draw justify such Proceedings. upon the Board for the Amount thereof, which he ac*

23 April 1745. The Commissioners of Victualling, cordingly did.

and Dalby, attending the Board of Admiralty by their Easter Term 1752. Dalby filed his Bill in the Court Order, were severally heard upon Dalby's Memorial of of Exchequer against the Commissioners, Rttjpdl Revel/, the 9th of April: That some or One of their Lordships and the Attorney General, for an Account and Satis-mentioned the referring it to Two Merchants of the faction respecting the Ship Britannia, which was amend-City of London, to report their Opinion as to the ed in Hilary Term 1753 5 where to the Commissioners put Damage between Dalby and the Commissioners; and in three different AnswerS; but the Suit being abated by thereupon Dalby offered to be determined as to the the Death of Resell, nothing further was done.

Quantum of the Damages, either by their Lordships 8 Feb. 1757. Dalby's Memorial to the Admiralty, or any Two Merchants of Reputation: which their containing a State Of Facts relative to the Britannia;

Lordships, or some of them, declared was a fair Offer. whereupon an Assurance was given him, that the Com-

24 April. Dalby's Letter to the Commissioners, missioners of Victualling should answer the Facts, and wherein he writes, " as his Grace the Duke of Bedford Dalby should reply thereto, and Justice be immediately " recommended me to appoint One Merchant, and done.

"your Honourable Board another, to examine into 20 1757. The Commissioners Report to their

" the moll unhappy Affair of my Ship Britannia, I Lordships upon the last mentioned Memorial, wherein " will request the Favour of a Gentleman to do it, be- they argue against the Propriety of submitting the " cause 1 think it my indispensable Duty, to omit no- Matters between Dalby and the Commissioners to the "thing which a fair man ought or can do; and I de- Arbitration of Merchants; and proposed, with their " fire you will please to appoint another." which the Lordships Approbation, to have the Affair left to his Ma-Commissioners refuled. ' . jesty’s Attorney General, and such Counsel as Mr.

Vol. 32. Dalby

Dalby* petition for Compensation.

18* Apr.

A. 17^9.

4OO

Valby might chuse tipon his Part, t6 determine upon a without any Satisfaction for the consequential Damages same to be agreed to by both Sides, whether any, and he had suffered by taking the Corn at and which of his Claims, on account of the said Ship, Lois of the Homeward Voyage. . ought to be allowed by the Crown; for that it appeared Valby further produced Office Copies of the Com-to them premature to enter' into any Consideration of missioners Answers to his Said Bill; and read Several the Question of his Damages, till it appeared by proper PaSTages thereoutWhereby,

judges, whether the Crown was liable to any of the The Cosa missioners admit they received s

Points of Damages claimed, laid Letter of 3 of July, acquainting Aim of Henry's

15 June 1757. Mr. Dalby agreed to such Re- having drawn the Bill for believe it to be true,

ference; and, on the 2 2d June, delivered to Mr. that Dalby did, between the 3d July 1744, and December Baxter, the Commissioners Solicitor, as a State of his following, by Letters, or otherwise, make Several Solici-Cafe, a Copy of his Memorial to the Admiralty of the tations to the then Commissioners, for the Purposes men-8th February; and acquainted him at the same Time, tioned in the Bill, or some of them,

if he had any Doubts concerning the Fasts, he would That the Commissioners, at the Time in the Bill meet him, With a Gentleman of Character, any Day to mentioned, did refule to pay Valby any Money unleSs prove them; and desired he would have a Gentleman he would take the Amount of the Ship's Freight and of like Character present, that some End might be put Primage to Genoa, and give a general ReleaSe, without to the Affair. making him any Satisfaction for the consequential

30 July. Three Cafes with Sir Vudley Ryder's Damages, which he pretended he had fuStained by the Opinion thereon, bearing Date 11 February 1744; Means mentioned in the Bill.

25 March 1745, and 22d May 1752; and another, To Shew that the Several Cafes Stated by the Corn-

Cafe, with the Opinion of Mr. Legge, delivered by the Solicitor for the Board to Valbs Solicitor.

26 August 1757. Valby's same laid before the Board, relating to the Ship Britannia.

14 Sept. 1757. Valby attending the Board, relative to the same Cafe, was told the Board would not content thereto; whereupon he offered to prove to the Board the Fafts therein Slated; which they did not admit him to do.

missioners, for the Opinion of the Attorney General, did not contain a fair and full State of the Facts, and of the Evidence in support of Valby's Allegations, which they were possessed of at the Time of their Slating such Cates; and that therefore the Opinions thereon, do not juSlify their after Conduct in this Matter:

Valby referred to the several Papers and Pieces of Evidence, delivered by him to the Commissioners on

16 Sept. 1757. Valby attending the Board on the 3d May 1744, and herein before mentioned; and to the Same Subject, was referred to the Answer they had given Cafes and Opinion themselves; and produced Copies of him on the 14th. the Said Cates: And,

29 Sept. Valby's Memorial to the Admiralty, Three Cafes by him Slated to Mr. Mr.

praying their Lordships to order both CaSes to be and Mr. Starkie, with their Several Opinions

laid before them; and to permit him to prove before thereon, touching the Justice of his Claims on Govern -t,hcm the FaCls contained in his Cate, or to disprove ment, in respect of this Ship.

those in the same prepared by the Commissioners.

Valby produced Copy of the Bill filed by him in the Exchequer, against the Commissioners, in which he charges, among other Things, That, upon receiving Advice of Captain Henry's having drawn a Bill on him, without any Orders from him, and without his Knowledge or Privity, for £.200, to enable him to purchase a Cargo of Salt, and to pay off some Debts the Ship had contrafted during her long Stay at Port Mahon', he gave Notice thereof in Writing to the Commissioners, on the 3d July 1744; That from that Time to Vecember 1744; he, by Letters and otherwise, continually made the mofl.

And he read from the same laid before Sir Vudley Ryder, in March 1744-5, this Allegation of the Commissioners, viz. That they had frequently offered to pay Valby the £. 570 for the Freight; and were inclinable voluntarily to make him Some Recompence for what he might suffer at Mahon; but that he would not submit to it.

And Valby read from the Commissioners Report to the Admiralty on 5th of November 1744, herein before Hated, the following Paragraph; viz.

That it did not Seem to them, that Dalby had any

earned Solicitations to the Commissioners for a Report Claim on their Office for the Freight, the same having

to the Admiralty; and for a Sum of Money upon Account.

That he from time . to time assured the Commissioners, that the withholding all the Money from him would certainly be his Ruin; and put it entirely out of his Power to regain the Possession of his Ship.

That the Commissioners knew, at the Time of his making such Applications, that, exclusive of the Money due to him for the Britannia, there was a much larger Sum then due to him for the Demurrages and

JJJbon Damages, on Account of his Ship , than

been paid by the Crown in the Price of the Com, and was retained for Dalby's Ute in Birtles's Hands.

To shew t^at the Ship Britannia was not really and bond side condemned and fold; and that if any Condemnation and Sale were ever made, it' was by Collusion or Fraud as against him: — That her Name was changed to the Sukey, by some or One of the Officers of Government; and (he was afterwards actually employed as a Tender in His Majesty’s. Service, Thirty-two Months and upwards;

Valby referred to a Copy of the Proceedings in the

would have enabled him to pay the said Bill of Exchange _

in London: which said Demurrage at Spithead, so due Vice Admiralty Court at ,produced by the Com

to him on Account of the Francis, amounting to missioners.

£. 272. 1 is.6 d.was afterwards, to wit, about the 8 of March 1744-5, actually paid to him by the Commissioners.

That the Commissioners in 1744, made some*

Order or Minute in their Books, for paying 500,

or some such Sum, on Account, upon his dilelaiming any Demand on Birt/es, in respect of the Britannia’s Freight; and which he accordingly did; yet the Commissioners afterwards refused to pay him the Sum so ordered, or any Sum of Money whatsoever, unless he would accept of the Amount of the Ship’s Freight, and Primage to Genoa; and give them a general Release, 18

Read out of the Commissioners Answers to his Bill in the Exchequer, in 1752, as follows; viz.

That they had heard, and believe it to be true, that before Complainant was able to release his Ship from Mahon, after the Seizure thereof by Green and Hall in September 1744, and put her again into Action,

Henry, the Mailer, died, and that the Ship or Vessel was afterwards condemned at Afa for Money due, or pretended to be due, for Wages to the Sailors serving on board; and that the said Ship was purchased for a valuable Conlrderation under the said Condemnation, or otherwise, by James Francis, who was then Clerk or

Agent

9 Geo. III. 18° Aprilis. 401

Agent to the said RujfellRevel!, which said Francis was with a Loading of Salt; that Green and Hall had imme- Dalby’s the bed Bidder for the fame, a? Defendants have heard diately secured the Ship and Cargo, and put an Officer com^^tioa. and believe; and Defendants have also heard, and be- on board; and that the Admiral had sent Hands on board lieve, that the Money arising from such Purchase was to carry the Ship up to Town, and took out all the paid to and divided amongst the Sailors who had served People that were on board; that Green informed him on board the Ship, or some of thrin, by the proper Qf- the reason of this Proceeding was, that the Bill which ficerappointed to fell the Ship under the Condemnation, he had drawn on for 200, to supply the Ship,

or some other Person. had been protested. — He writes further, that Green was

That the Ship has, ever since such Purchase, been em- determined to keep Possession of the Ship till he was fa-ployed as a Tender, in His Majesty’s Service, or other- tisfied from Home or; that Green had wrote to wife, as Jamis Francis or his Principals, or such Person Genoa to flop the Freight; and that though the Consul had

as the said Ship has since belonged to, thought proper; answered his Letter, he had not mentioned a Word about and apprehend they have good Right to employ the it — He desires Dalby to take what Means ever he could said Ship as they think proper; and that they are not immediately to get the Ship clear; for he must stay, and obliged to give Complainant any Account of the Earn- wait his Answer.

»ng« or Gainings of the Ship since the said Purchase. 15 th Letter from Captain Henry to Dalby, in

Admit Complainant has frequently, since the Sale of which he writes, that he had received s Letters

the Ship, applied to the late and present Commis- of the 8th of May and 15th June preceding — regrets sioners of the Victualling, or some of them, for the Pay- he had not received the First till that Instant, as he. ment of the said Freight, and for a Satisfaction for the should have known how to have proceeded. — That by fev^ral other Particulars in the Bill mentioned; and the Advice of Green and some; other Gentlemen, he had these Defendahts admit, that they, or some of them, have gone to Cagliari, in Hopes of hearing from Dalby by the declared, and they do now insist, that neither the said, Time he returned — that Green had fold the Salt, being Commissioners of Victualling, the said Admiral Mathews,425 Salms, at public Vendue, as he thought fit; that he or the said Ritjfell Revel!,or any of them, are liable to (houlcl be obliged to wait for an Answer from him or make Complainant any Satisfaction whatsoever, either Birtles; which he wished to receive as soon as for the said Freight to Genoa, or any other Damages possible.

which Complainant may have suffered. 29 April 1745. Letter from Captain Henry to Dal-

And he read Part of the Letter from Rufell Revetl;by, wherein he writes, he had received s Letter, whose Clerk the said Francis was, to the Commissioners, under Cover of Barbaud and Son, with Orders to proof the 14th of September 1744 before dated; Wherein cecd to South that he was to receive £. 50

RevelI mentions to have received from them a Copy from their Correspondent, which he feared would not of Dalby's Memorial to the Admiralty of the id of be sufficient; being obliged to pay the People which May — of Dalby's Letter to the Commissioners, 3d July -had been taken on board the Man of War their Wages,

— and of Consul Birtles's Letter Lo the Board of half in Money and half in Bills; and that the Ship was

the nth June 1744; all of them relative to Dalby's then ready for Sea. ~

Claims, in consequence of the (lopping his Ship by iorh June 1745. Letter from Captain Henry to Dal-Admiral Mathews, and on which he reasons very parti- by, wherein he writes, he had received s Letter of

cularly. the 2d of May; that he was dill lying at and

Dalby produced a Copy of a Report of the Coni- like to remain so, without his Affidance, having no Pro-missioners of Victualling, bearing Date 3d December vision on board to eat, nor Credit to get any — that the 1766, upon Reference to them of a Memorial of Dal- Ship was dill in Order for Sea, and would endeavour to -by and Downes to the Lords of the Treasury, 26th keep her so till he should hear further from him —

September 1766; in which the Commissioners of Victual- that the People had been driving all they could to have ling, among other Things, say, they do not know any the Ship fold for their Wages; but that the Judge of the Thing of the Ship‘s Name being altered, or of her be- Admiralty found that he could not do it, and ordered ing let as a Tender in His Majesty’s Service, except him, if they would not proceed with the Ship, to give from what Mr. Dalby had asserted relating thereto; them Bills for their Wages. — That the Mate and Car-which Report is signed by Tyringham Stephens and penter were well satisfied; and that if he had Liberty others. of going where he would, there would be none of that

Dalby also produced an Account, which, by Direc- Disturbance, but some Hundreds of Pounds saved in tion of the Lords of the Treasury, was delivered by Dalbs Pocket, and something in his own. Mr. Baxter, the Commissioners Solicitor, to Mr. Dalby, ' 15th June 1745. Letter from Captain Henry to Dal-

of the Employment of the Britannia or Sukey, as by, wherein he writes him, that by Order of the Court, -follows ', viz. he was obliged to give Bills to the People for their

On 23d December 1745, Admiral Medley having taken Wages, except those who remained by the Ship, viz. the Ship Sukey, James Francis, Owner, in his Service, the Mate, Carpenter, himself, with Benjamin , and as a Tender, Mr. Trefujis, then Commissioner of the Edw who had joined in a Power to Robert Navy at Mahon, lent Orders to the naval Officers there, Alston to receive their half Wages, and to let Dalby to survey her: which being done, Mr. Trefujis agreed know. — And there came indofed in that Letter a Copy for her Hire, at the Rate of 10 s.person, per Lunar of the Account of Wages due on board the Ship,

Month, for 186 Tons, amounting to f. 93 per Month; amounting to £. 4^4. 14J. id. and the continued in the Service of the Crown as a By the Proceedings in the Vice-Admiralty Court of

Tender, and her Hire was paid for after that Rate by Mahon, it appears2 that the Ship was ordered to be- de- Mr. Stephens, then Clerk of the Cheque at Mahon, to livered to the Purchaser, the 3d of January

Mr. Francis the Owner, from Christmas .1745 to 11 1746, N. S. which answers to the 23d of December

January 1748, pursuant to Mr. Trefujis's Orders; and O. S.

from that Time to 6th September 1748, when (he was dif- The Commissioners of the Navy, or their Agents, at charged from the Service of the Crown, Mr Stephens, DaRequest, having been served with an Order to pursuant to the Orders of Mr. Toivry, then Commissioner produce before the Committee, all Accounts, Papers,

of the Navy at Mahon, paid her Hire to Mr. Joseph and Writings, which have been at any Time delivered Miller, a Merchant at Mahon, the then Owner of the into the Navy Office, touching the Employment of the Ship. said Ship Sukey, formerly the Britannia, as a Tender,

25 September 1744. Letter from Captain//irwy to Dalby, or otherwise, in the Service of Government, since the acquainting him he arrived the week before from Cagliari, 23d of December 1745; and of what Monies have been Vol, 32. . , 5 K paid

402 18° Jprilis.4.1)60*

Dalbv’s paid to any Person or Persons, and to whom, on account V«ition for Gf that Ship; produced Three Books of Disburse-tompenUuon. ments Q£ Mr< Stephens, Naval Officer at Mahon. — In, One of which Books appeared the following Entries (and no other) relative to the said Ship Sukey, or Britannia j viz.

Ship Sukey, between 24th 1745 and 4th September 1748 — Burthen 186 Tons - - - - 16,374 5 0

Triton between 14th. March 1745-6 and 11 November 1747-147 Tons Burthen ---- 7,980 o o

Gabriel, between 27 1747

and September 1748 — Burthen 258 Tons - ---- - 7,233 1 12

Penelope, between 8 1747

and 10 January 1748 — -Burthen 226 tons - - - 7,445 7 o

Apollo, between 15th 1748

and 10 January following — Burthen

i6i|£ Tons - 2,153 4 15

" All. these Payments were made pursuant to Orders from the Commissioners, wherein the Burthen of the Ship, Rate of Ton, Time of Employment, and the Sums due for the same are expressedThe Owners, or their Attornies have given Receipts for the Money paid, and the several Payments are also certified by the Commissioners, except the Sums following; , 2,424.

5/. for the Sukeyi 3,363. 1. 12. for the , and

4,055. 7. for the Penelope; and the whole Freight of the Apollo which not being certified by the Commissioners, are attested either by the Mailer Shipwright or Storekeeper, and another Witness.

It might have been expeCled that the Contracts made for the Hire of Vessels, which carried such considerable Sums, would have been produced for taking up the Apollo, after the Conclusion of the War.

In regard of the Reasons given fcv Mr. , and,

J^ereto annexed, let the Whole of aii these Papers be allowed of.

The Contracts for the Hire of Tenders were made by the Commissioner, who kept them in his Office, and did not give Copies of them to the Accountant, because, as he apprehends there were not any Clauses in them which related to the Naval Officers: And in regard to the Apollo Tender, taken into the Service after the Conclusion of the War, the Accountant apprehends, that the Commander in Chief gave satisfactory Reasons for her being employed, at the Time he wrote to him to contract for her,.and that he was not authorized to demand any other Reasons, than what were contained in the Preamble to the Order for paying the Hire of her.

Tyringham Stephens.

By the Proceedings in the Vice-Admiralty Court of Mahon, it appears, that the Ship was ordered to be delivered to causing the Purchaser the 3d

of January 1746, N. S. which answers to the 23d of December, O. S.

And it appears, that on the 24th of the same December Old Style, James Francis, Clerk to Mr. RujJ'ell Revell, Agent Victualler at Mahon, let the Ship to freight to the Government, under the Name of the Sukey, but the Contracts between the Commissioner of the Navy at Mahon, and , for the Hire of

the Sukey (or Britannia) having been called for, the Committee was informed by the proper Officer, that th^ same had been searched for, and have not yet been found.

Mr. Dalby produced an Offer or Proposal made to him in 1767 by the Lords of the Treasury, relative to his Claims on Government, in Consequence of an Application to them by Memorial and otherwise , which is as follows.

My Lords are pleased to offer Mr. Dalby on Account of the Ship Britannia,

For Freight - -- -- - 570 o o

Interest thereon - < - - - - 655 10 o

Demurrage for Three Months from the Day of Detainer of Ship ----- 450 o o

Interest thereon - - 517 10 O

For Damages by the Gallipoly Voyage being broken and loll ---- 1,720 o o

For his Loss by the Condemnation and Sale of the Britannia, a grols Sum - - - - 800 o o

For the Demurrage given up by him to Collyer before the Britannia failed, a gross Sum - - 200 o o

£.4,913 o ©

On Account of the Ship Hope, recovered

1,307 13 2

58 4 o 6 1,891 13 8

By Verdict -Interest thereon

Of the Ship Francis, as admitted

By Mr. Attorney General Interest thereon

My Lords will recommend the same of the Ship Ann, to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

My Lords have no Objection to Mr. Dalby'% going back to the Court of Exchequer, with relpeCl to the Colls of the Suits both at Law and in Equity relative to the Ship Hope.

'7

939 *7 4

342 11 7

—— 1,282 8 11

£. 8,087 7

On the Ship Ann,

Dalby produced,

28 April 1755. A Protell made by William Mo* ran, the Mailer of the Ship, before. James Gill, a Public Notary, and sworn to by the said William

Moran,

9 Geo. III. i8° Aprilis^405

Moran, and by Robert Elwood, Chief Mate, Laurence Farrell, Second Mate, Robert Mullegan, Carpenter, Michael Everiy, Christian Cock, and ‘Thomas

Silvia, Seamen, of and belonging to the said Ship; Hercules Rice, and Thomas Williams, Passengers on beard her, the same Day; wherein he declares as follows:

That the ('aid Snow being of the Burthen of 180 Tons or thereabouts, properly equipt, and loaded with Sugar, Rum, Wine, and sundry ether Merchandize, Tailed from St. Kitts, bound for London, on the 14th then lad

jdaft.

That on the 2 2d Day of April aforesaid, about Eight in the Morning, the Wind being at South by Wed, and in the fair Way proceeding on his Voyage up Channel, and being near a-bread of the Start, Didance or 5 Leagues -, One of His Majesty’s Tenders brought the Vessel to, and impressed Three of their bed Seamen, and, in lieu of them, the Commander of the Tender put on board the Snow Three very indifferent Men; viz — One a Taylor, who had never been on board a Ship above Three Weeks — another a Bricklayer who had never acted as a Sailor for more thart Three Months — and the Third a Husbandman, who had never been on board a Ship as a Sailor more than a Fortnight before that Time: and, as they severally declared to the said Mailer and others above named, wholly unacquainted with the Navigation ofa Ship or Vessel.

That he attempted afterwards to proceed on his Voyage, and next Day, being 23d, about Seven in the Evening, being between Pepperell Point, and the at lead Four Leagues from the Land, with the Wind at South South East; another Tender belonging to His Majesty’s Ship Royal George, and whereof Richard Sixth Lieutenant of the said Ship was the Commander, fired a Shot over the said Snow, which dropped within Thirty or Forty Yards on the Starboard Side, in order to bring the said Vessel to.

That the said Moran being apprehensive of the Indraft of the Island, and the Distress the Snow was then in, consulted with his Officers and Crew what was bed to be done under their unhappy Circumstances, having a just Dread of losing their Ship and Cargo; and it was thereupon determined to make Sail, to avoid being brought to; but that Attempt soon appearing fruitless, he, with the Approbation of his Mate and Crew, brought to.

That the said Lieutenant Williams, notwithstanding the distressed Condition of the said Snow as aforesaid, carried away another, the best Seaman left on board, and in his (lead left one Nicholas; alluring the said

Master that the said Mahon was a Seaman and a Helmf-man; which said Nicholas had the Helm at the Time of the Accident herein after mentioned.

That after the Snow was detained in Manner aforesaid, till near 12 o’Clock, in which Time (he unavoidably made a great Leeway, the said Lieutenant left her.

That the said Master being greatly fatigued under the Whole of this Transaction, having first given Directions to his Second Mate, Laurence Farrell, to (leer a direct East South East Course, laid himself down to get a little Rest; and, in Two Hours Time, the said Vessel was on Shore, the said Mahon being at the Helm, and {truck near Atherfield Rocks, and notwithstanding he, the Master, got out an Anchor, and used all other possible Means to get her off, she parted her Cable, and soon went on Shore; and, a prodigious large and folding Ground Sea going at that Instant, soon broke to Pieces, and was totally loft, together with the greatest Part of the Cargo.

That by Means of the Confusion he was put into, the Distress the Ship was left in, and other the Premises particularly described; the said Ship, and Part of her Cargo, was totally loft, and not by Means of any Neglect or Default of him or any of his Ship’s Company.

28 April 1755. A Deposition and Examination of Vol. 32.

William Moran, and the several other Persons mentioned Dalbyrs in the foregoing Protest, (worn before Barnabas Eveleigh Petition for Leigh, El'quire, One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Compen£iUlwa' Peace for the County of Southampton, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall‘deal or detain ship-wrecked Goods, &c. Whereby it appears, that the said Snow was of the Burthen of 180 Tons or thereabouts, and was the sole Property of Mr. Dalby, and failed from St. Kitts at the Time, and with such Loading on board, as is mentioned in tire said Protest, and was loft in Brixton Bay at the Back of the Isle of Wight-, which was absolutely occasioned by the Detention of the Snow, and the Impressing several of her Hands; and that only a small Part of her Cargo was saved.

Alexander Clunie, of London, Merchant, formerly Commander of a Ship, produced by Mr. Dalby, — having pe-rufed the said Protest, and being asked,

1 ft. What Flood the Ship had at that Time, being Four Miles in the Offing ?

Answered, ’Till near Eleven o’Clock in the Offing.

2. Was the Wind at 9.S.E. a dead Wind to bring the Ship ashore ?

Anf. Undoubtedly it was.

3. By the Course the Master directed the Mate to (leer, do-yoti think the Wind was at South, or to

the Westward of South ?

Anf. It must have been to the Westward of South.

' 4. Would you not, in that Cafe, have hauled up to a more Southerly Course ?

Anf.Yes. ' .

5. If you had been in the Situation described by

the Captain, would you have flood to the East-ward ?

Anf.I think I should have flood to the Westward, after haying lain to, as he did,- Five Hours, if the Wind had been South; if to the Westward of South,

I should have flood more to the Southward.

6. Do you think, if there had been double the Number of Hands on board, it would have been a Means of saving the Ship ?

Anf. The Ship went to Pieces immediately; I apprehend, if any Thing was the Loss of the Ship, it was the Detention — (he was Two Hours Sail from the Place where (he -went on Shore when brought to — With the Wind at South, if it blew hard, I don’t know whether (he would have cleared the Land. I suppose the Master apprehended himself far enough from Shore when he went to deep. \

Said he knew the Master, Moran; that he was esteem-ed a very good Seaman, and a Man of a fair Character.

' That the Value of the Ship and Freight, and the Goods on board belonging to Dalby, was in his Judgment about £. 1,753.

On the Ship Francis.

To shew the different Methods of hiring Ships by the Government, and the actual hiring of the Ship Francis, whereof Captain Diddear was Master:

31 Dec. 1743. Dalby produced the original Charter Party between the Commissioners of Victualling and him, for the Ship Francis, for such Voyage, and on such Terms, as are dated in the Petition: And,

A Charter Party made between the Commissioners of the Navy, and the Owners of a Ship called the Upton, hired as a monthly Transport, according to the Second Method of hiring, mentioned in the Petition.

To prove the intended Voyage to Madeira, Carolina, and Lisbon, with a Cargo of Rice upon Dalby'%

Account, — he produced, and read,

14 Jan: 1743-4. -A Certificate from the Custom House in London, of Bond being given for Payment of the Duty of the Rice, as usual in such Cases.

17 Jan. 1743'4* Dalby'sLetter of Instructions to

Captain

4°4

18* Apr

A. 1769,

Palbv’* Captain Diddear, directing his Proceedings in the said Petition for Voyage.

competition. i Jan,1743-4. Dalby's Letter to Yeomans, his Correspondent at South Carolina, directing him to provide the Cargo of Rice.

Dalby produced Nicholas a Witness, Who

proved, that no Convoy failed from Port Mahon after the Francis was discharged, till the 9th of February 1744-5.

To prove the Deviation from the Voyage stipulated with the Commissioners, the breaking the Charter Party, and the Employment of the Ship afterwards in the Manner of a Monthly Transport; Dalby produced and read,

31 March 1744. Sir Charles Hardy’s Orders to Captain Murray, to carry the Francis to

20 May. Protest made by Captain Diddear upon his Arrival at Lisbon, of the Proceedings on the Voyage from Spithead thither.

x 5 Sept. 1744. Protest made by Diddear, at Gibraltar of the Proceedings of the Voyage from Lisbon, to his Arrival there.

And as to the subsequent Proceedings of the Ship, as stated in the Petition, the Time of her Discharge from the Public Service at Mahon, her proceeding from thence to Madeira, and taking on board a Cargo of Wine, viz. 40 Pipes on Dalby*s Account, and her being taken by the Enemy on her Voyage to Carolina in 1745:

Dalby read Part of an Answer, put in by the Commissioners of Victualling, to a Bill filed by Captain Diddear, in the Court of Exchequer, in 1745, against Dalby, and to which the Commissioners were made Parties; and read also several Parts of the Deposition of Richard Burnley, examined as a, Witness in the said Cause.

28 Jan. 1744-5. A Letter from Dalby to the Commissioners, inclosing the Certificate of the Ship’s Discharge at Mahon, 21 November 1745; and mentioning his Demand on account of the Breach of the Charter Party, and Deviation from the stipulated Voyage, and Mif-em-ployment of his Ship; and denring Satisfaction.

4 March 1744-5. A Letter wrote by Dalby to the Commissioners, proposing to have the Matter settled in an amicable and reasonable Way.

10 July 1745. Dolby’s Letter to the Commissioners, requesting £. 300 on Account of this Ship j which was refused.

The Commissioners of Victualling having produced several Pieces of Evidence, to shew on what Terms they had settled with several Owners of other Ships employed in carrying Provisions for the Fleet in the Mediterranean, under similar Charter Parties with that for the Francis, in order to establish that Settlement as a Rule in this Cafe;

Dalby, in order to shew a material Difference between his Cafe, and that of the Frederick, and others, which were mentioned, produced the following Evidence:

11 May 1745. Certificate from the Custom House in London, of the Entry of the Ship Frederick; whereby it appeared, (he had on board a full Loading of Tobacco from Virginia, viz. 553 Hogsheads, besides other Goods.

Several Bills of Lading, signed by William Loney, the Master of the Ship Frederick, for Tobaccos, the Freight, of which was £.\<b person, of Hogsheads, which for 553 Hogsheads amounts to J. 2,200, and upwards.

To prove the Value of the Ship Francis at the Time (he failed from London;

Alexander Clunie, a Merchant, formerly a Commander of a Ship, acquainted, with the Outfit of Ships between London and Carolina, and with Shipping, above 30 Years; having inspected an original Account of the first Cost at Boston of the Ship Francis, formerly proved by Mr. Alderman Trecothick, a Member of the Committee, upon a Calculation made, declared the Ship, fitted as (lie was, rauft, at the Time of her failing, be worth about 11 or £.12 pa Ton.

And, being further examined, declared, That to be let by the Month to the Government, and to be insured by them, (lie was worth about £ 140 per Month.

To shew by Analogy from a Determination in a similar Cafe, That the Charter Party for the Francis was broke, by Law; Dalby produced the Record of the Court of King's in the

" Cause between Black and the Commissioners of Victualling, and the Postea indorsed thereon;

' and several Rules of the Court of King's Bench, in that Cause; whereby it appeared,

That the Jury on the Trial of that Cause found Two Facts, to wit. That Government were to find the Convoy; and, that there was no Necessity for the Ship’s going into Lisbon: And they assessed the Damages for taking the Ship in there, at One Penny.

That the Verdict found was subject to the Opinion of the Court, whether a new Trial should be granted or not; and, in Easter Term 1747, the Court, on solemn Argument, established the Verdict of the Jury, and refused a new Trial.

Dalby produced a Report of the Commissioners of Victualling to the Lords of the Admiralty, bearing Date 27 April 1764, upon a Reference to them of a Petition presented by Dalby and Downes to His Majesty, praying to be relieved, in respect to some Hardships, whereby they alledged Dalby and his Family had been injured; Upon which, the Commissioners were directed to re-consider what had before passed between their Lordships and the Commissioners on that Subject; and to lay before them a full State of the Cafe, with their Opinion thereon.

Whereby it appears. That the Commissioners in that Report omitted to date the Penny Breach above mentioned, in the Trial of Black and the Commissioners, and the Two several Facts found by the Jury, as above mentioned — And,

That in their said Report, in dating the Charter Party for the Ship Hope, they omitted to (late that the Ship was to proceed on the Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting — that the Owner was bound in a large Penalty, for the true Performance of the Charter Party — And for what was to be paid, done, and performed on his Majesty's Part, the Commissioners had set the Seal of Office.

The Commissioners of Victualling, as a Justification o( their Conduct, in refusing to pay Dalby any more Money on account of the said Ship Francis, than the Freight stipulated by the Charter Party, and Demurrage at the same Rate as had been allowed by them to other Ships, which had been hired for the same Service; having produced the Record in the Court of Exchequer, in a Cause between Harley and the Commissioners of Victualling, touching the Ship Hope; whereby it appeared, That the Jury in that Trial had found a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and assessed the Damages at £. 1,307.13*. r\d. And having, for the same Purpose, proved by the Evidence of Robal Baxter, the Commissioners Solicitor, That they had, on the 17th January 1756, tendered to Dalby the Sum of £. 939. 17 4 as a full

Satisfaction with what they had before paid him, for all his Damages on account of the Ship Francis; and had shewn to him at the same Time, by a Computation thereof in Writing, that the same was made up agreeable to the Verdict in the Court of King’s Bench, in the Cause of Black and Blifs, and the Verdict in the Court of Exchequer above mentioned;

Dalby referred to the Evidence herein before stated, touching the said Trial in the King’s Bench, and as to the Verdict in the Exchequer, in the Cause of the Hope.

He produced Two of the Jurors on that Trial, to wit, John Irish, and Charles Cojler, who being severally examined, declared to the following Effect; That, upon the Cause being opened, and a Witness called for the Plaintiff, the Counsel for the Crown would not admit

him

o Geo. III. i 8* Jprilk. 405

him to be examined, facing. It was a Matter of Law — That One of the Jury observed thereupon to the Court,

That such Cases were frequently tried at Guildhall, and Witnesses allowed to be called — That they do not remember particularly for what the Action was brought, nor what the Witness so refused was called to prove, excepting, that the Action was about the Hire of a Ship; and they believe the Evidence was called to prove the Voyage and Damage — That no Witness was examined upon the Trial, the Court having joined in Opinion with the Counsel for the Crown: That thereupon, the Attorney General prepared an Account in writing, of the Damages which he admitted to be due: The Jury, by Direction of the Court, gave a Verdict to be recorded, according to the Admission of the Attorney General.

Being asked, On the Part of the Commissioners, whether any Objection' was made by Dalby's Counsel. at the Trial to the Sum, answered, They believe there was an Objection.

An Application was made to the Court for a new Trial; which was refused, because no more could be recovered under the Charter Party.

Mr. Dalby, at the Time the Record of the Trial, relative to the Ship Hope, was first offered to be produced in Evidence before the Committee, objected, That it was not admissible; as being no way relative to the Matter of his Petition: But the Victualling Commissioners infilled on it.

And your Committee finding it necessary to order the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, to attend with such Papers, relating to the Matter of the said Petition, as weref in their Custody: It appears from the Papers by them produced.

As to the Ship Britannia,

First, with regard to the original Destination of the Ship, and the Correspondence between Dolby, and his Agent, relative to the Plan afterwards purposed by Dolby for loading the Ship back, partly with Oil to be bought for him by Births, and partly on Freight to be procured by Births-, That,

19th OC?. 1743. By a Charter Party between Francis Dalby, Owner of the , of the Burthen

of Two Hundred Tons, then in the River of Thames, whereof William Henry was Master, of the One Part; and Jonathan Collier, of London, Merchant, of the other Part; Dalby let the Ship to Freight to Collier, and covenanted that (he should depart out of the River, and fail directly to Cowes, and there receive such Wheat as Collier should put on board; that (he should mount 14 Guns, and carry 20 Men, and proceed with the first Convoy j or, at the Choice of the Merchant, be manned - with 23 Men, and proceed without Convoy to Genoa directly, and there lay 3d Days to unload, and so to end her Voyage; (the Perils and Dangers of the Seas, Enemies, and the Restraint of Princes and Rulers excepted:) and Collier covenanted fully to load the Ship with Wheat at Cowes, and discharge her at Genoa within the 30 Days, or Days of Demurrage after mentioned; and pay to Dalby for the Freight, if (he proceeded with Convoy and 20 Men, at 45 s. per Ton; it without Convoy, and with 25 Men, at 47 s. 6 d. per Ton, for every Ton of Wheat loaden at Cowes, and delivered at Genoa; the same to be paid upon the said Ship’s Delivery at Genoa, with Two Thirds of Port Charges, and Pilotage, and Primage and Average accustomed, with a Provish that Collier might keep the Ship on Demurrage, at either of the Places aforesaid, for 10 Days over and above the Days above limited, paying to Dalby £. 3 Sterling per Day; and for the Performance, the Owner bound the Ship, and the Merchant the Goods: Upon which Charter Party a Memorandum was indorsed, subscribed by Collier and Dalby, whereby it was agreed that Collier should be at Liberty to keep the Ship at the Height of Genoa 48 Hours, for Orders from Collier's Factor, whether to unload there, or proceed to Naples to unload; for which

Vol. .32.

Collier was to pay Freight, if Unloaded at Genoa, 47 per Ton, If at Naples, 52 s.6 d.per Ton; , .

8 Dec. 1743. William Henry, the Master of the Ship, signed a Bill, of Loading of 1065 Quarters of Wheat, packed in Bags, loaded on board the Britannia by Jonathan Collier, at Cowes, to be delivered at Genoa or Naples, the Dangers of the Seas only excepted; to the Order of Collier, paying Freight as per Charter Party, with Primage and Average accustomed; which Bill of Loading was indorsed by Chllidirecting the Cargo to be delivered to Meffirs. Andreeat Genoa, or their AffigoS.

5th January 1743. By a written Agreement between Dalby, and Henry, the Master of the Ship; wherein the Britannia is described to be then bound on a Voyage from Cowes, to Genoa or Naples; and from thence either to load at Gallipoly, or any other Port in the Mediterranean, for London or Boston in New England, as Dalby should appoint — Dalby covenants to pay him per Month Wages, without the Allowance of Primage or any thing elle whatsoever.

27 th January 1743. The Ship failed from Cowes.

30 Nov. 1743. Dalby Writes to Teomons of New England, that the Britannia was loading with Wheat for Genoa; and that his Thoughts then were that the should go to New England with Salt.

8 Dec. 1743. Dalbydirects Hekry, when he arrives at Genoa, to follow such Directions as John Birtlesi Esquire, C®nful there, should give him;

1 5 Dec. 1743. Dalby, by Letter to Births, informs

him that the Britannia, then lay at Spithead, bound for Genoa; and that she came to his Address — That his original Intention was for her to load Salt for Bqfton-, but that he had an Inclination to change her Voyage; and desired Mr. Births' Assistance: That Dalby would lay out £. ioooo at Genoa, or at Gallipoly, or such other Place as Births should advise, if he could procure Freight for the Remainder for London: He informs Births of the Terms of Agreement with; and directs Births

to see the Corn not parted with till he has Satisfaction for the Freight.

22d Dec. 1743. Dalby desires Births not to enter into any certain Engagement about Oil till next Post; but desires Births to advise him what he thinks can be done.

5th January 1743-4. Dolby's Letter to Births, informs him of the Terms of the Agreement with Collier, and what he was to receive for him at Genoa, for Freight,

Port Charges, Idc. in case the Ship arrived safe there; and that he had given the Captain Orders to govern himself as Births should direct, and therefore desired him; if be should go on to Naples, to order the Captain where to place the Freight, at Births' Disposal, as he, Dalby, was resolved to load Oil back.

£th February 1744. Births answers to s foregoing Letters, That as to Gallipoly Oils, if she should go there to load, it would make it too late in the Year for the Newfoundland Trip; that if Dalby would give him Leave to invest, on DAccount, 1000 or £.1200 in Oils, to be bought at Genoa, he would endeavour to fill her up with other Goods on Freight 3 provided she carried Forty Men, was about Two hundred Tons Burthen, and carried about Sixteen Guns, to be an Act Ship.

19th January 1744. Dalby's Letter to Births — Says that, agreeable to his former Letter, he was resolved to load Oil in the Britannia if it was possible, and desired Births to let out Two Thirds of the Ship, on the best Terms he could above 50J. per Ton, and purchase for him One Third of the Cargo of Oil: That he would chuse to have no more Oil than One Third of the Cargo; yet, rather than obstruct the Ship, he would take Half; as he desired to have her return in Time for Newfoundland.

19th February 1744- Births, in Answer to the last - Letter, fays, he found that Dalby was fixed in his Sen-; timents to have the Ship return to him; to facilitate

5 L which,

Dalby’s Petition for Compeofatioxt

4°6 1.8 A. 1769.

Dalby’s which Births had made Note to purchase One Third, and, if the Ship by contrary Winds should put in any Petition for or even One Half, of her Cargo of Oil for Dolby's Ac- where in the Channel, he directs Henry to perform his Competition, count, with which Foundation he did not doubt to get Quarantine at once.

her a full Ship at /. 4 per Ton: That if he could pur- 17 March 1744. Dolby writes to , that a chafe the Quantity of Oil at Genoa he would 1 as her War was declared; and, therefore, he must raise the going to Gallipoly, and coming back to Genoa to fill up Freight: And that he had left the Care of giving the with Goods on Freight, with the long Quarantine, would Sailing Orders to Birtles; which was to follow, frustrate Dolby's Designof fending her to Newfoundland, t i April 1744. Birtles writes to Dalby, and acknow-as it would be too late: That the Ship must be an Act ledges the Receipt of his Letters, of the 9th and 16th Ship, 4nd carry, at Idaft, Forty Men, else it would an- February and ift March; and fays, that by an Express, Iwer no End to put Bet up as a General Ship. which he received Two Days before from , he

26th January 1743. Duty’s Letter to Birtles desires had received Advice that Captain Henry was put in him to servebim in the Britannia, for that (he must not there to stop a Leak, and refit the Damage he had re-go to Boftm, as Salt was fallen; and desired him, as he ceived in a Storm: That Messrs. Green and Hall ad-chose only to be One-Third concerned in Oil, that he vised him, that* probably. Admiral Matthews would would freight the rest; and directs him that if, on Dal- unload the Cargo for the Use of the Fleet: That Cape's buying Half the Cargo, it was impracticable to pro- tain Ffenry did not then appear; when he should, he cure Freight for London or Holland, he desired Birtles to would use his utmost Endeavours to get him a full Ship let the Ship at any Thing above £.130 per Month* to for London; but he must absolutely carry, at lead, .49 spend Three Months, which would make it time to load Men and 16 Guns, otherwise it would be impossible to Salt for Newfoundland, - get him any Goods. As to the Oil, if he can pick up

22d February 1744. Birtles, in Answer to the last any Parcels of Gallipoly he would j in Default, he would Letter, fays. He fees the Confirmation which Dolby gave procure for Daily's Account a Parcel of Riviera Oil. of the Order to purchase One Fourth, pr One Third, of Says, he should be glad that Dalby in Answer would Gallipoly Oil, which he would endeavour to do whenfhe give a positive Order about fitting the Ship* for, if should arrive; and doubted not of getting her a full foe should loie that Employ, foe might lie Six Months Ship few London, having secured 60 or 70 Tons of Paper: by the Walk, unless foe should go to load Salt; for That the Oils must be purchased at Genoa; for if foe that no Freight offered. That, as the buying of Oils should go to Gallipoly, she mtrft perform 40 Days Qua- must be done with ready Money, lie should esteem tontine at her Return, and the Loft of Time would make s remitting him about 2000 or 2 500 Dollars; and

it too late for Newfoundland. he calculates that the Purchase of the Oils, would

9th February 1743-4. Dalby's Letter to Birtles toifoes cost about £. or £. 300 more than what he should

he might be able to get a good Freight Home u/ithoUt his have in his Hands, if Dalby should make him those Re-purchasing, if riot with the Assistance of Dolby's Money mittances. Says, that as yet, no further Progress was in Forties's Part of the World ;and if the OH should coil made in the Sale of the Corn by Turell. — Informs Dalby, more than Births hied of Dolby's, which he did not chute Chat since writing the foregoing, Seignor Antonio then to provide for the Ship without, and the Bill for a Native of Genoa, had lequestered Dolby's Effects in the Balance should find due Honour; and desires him to BUties' Hands, by virtue of a Procuration he had re-receive from the Andree's for Two Thirds Pilotage and drived from Mr. Charles Dalby, of London, for f. 1 5. Port Charges in England £. 13. 11 s.4 d, and place it 13 4 and desires him to settle the Affair in London;

with the Freight, to Daily's Credit. ‘otherwise Birtles should be obliged to pay the Money at

16th February 7 743-4. Dalby writes to Births, that And desires Dalby to procure him an Order to

notes his advising of loading the Britannia with 40 take off the Sequcfter.

Men and 16 Guns; confesses he is willing to invest "Secondly, With respect to the Accident which hap-£. 1000 or H06in Oil, or, if Birtles thinks itmost pened to the Ship on her going into Mahon Harbour,

> advisable, about f. 150 in Marble Blocks, fivooooin and the Circumstances relative to the Delivery of the Oil, and a few Other Trifles to about £. 50; but, as to Com for the Use of the Fleet, and the Admiral's Orders 40 Men, there was no such Thing to be done: Says, for that Purpose, and for the Payment for the fame, and he knows that, to be an Act Ship, foe must have 32 the several Tran (actions at Mahon, before the Ship (ailed

Men and 16 Guns, which foe had not; but, as to her for Cagliari to load Salt;

Burthen thete could be no Exception: Therefore, de- That,

fires Births to do the bell he could for his Interest. 12 March 1744, N.S. The Captain, by his Protest of Says, he had some Fear On importing GeUoaQW, as it this Date, made at Mahon upon Oath, and by the Affi-is not of so good Sale as Gallipoly, and generally a losing davit of Darnel Mate of the Ship, and Ben -

Article, without being exceeding well bought, and of a ft one. Carpenter of the Ship, it appears, that the Ship good Quality; both which he depended upon Birtles failed from Cowes upon the 27th of January O.S. in the for; and leaves it entirely for his Direction either to same Year, and arrived at Gibraltar on the 14th of Fe-dispatch her for Gallipoly, Genoa, or let her; but re- and set Sail from thence on the same Day, in

fuelled, if he chose the latter,1 to make HeUry reduce his Company with the Newcastle Mpn of War, for,

’Hands to Thirteen. in order to proceed from thence to Genoa, with the

ift Moteb 1744* Dalby writes to Birtles, and acknow- same Convoy: and arrived off Port Malum on the 6th

’ledges the Receipt of his Letter of the 19th of February, of , N. S. and came to an Anchor with the Con-and hopes the Britannia has been at Genoa 6 or 8 Days: voy without the Mouth of the Harbour, the Wind being a Is glad that'BirtlesWas like to procure Half the Cargo contrary, so that they could not get in; that, the Wind 'for the Britannia on Freight: Says, he is informed, that changing on the 8th, (he endeavoured to get in; and Gallipoly Oil was fallen to 21 Ducats per Salto; but being at the Entrance of the Port, a Squall of Wind finds by Birtles' Letter the Prite was higher; and, there- a-head drove the Ship upon the Rocks at the Mouth of (Fore, Only tequests Birtles to -get it on the bell Terms the Port; where foe continued for Four Hours, broke ' possible: And fays, that in his ttdxt* he will write Birtles her Rudder, and made much Water, and got in on the folly about the Newfoundland Scheme: Says, that if nth of March, N. S.; and that he suspected that his Henry is not gone to Gallipoly before the Time this Let- Cargo was wetted by the great Quantities of Water the - 4er should'arrive, he-would have the Velvet arid Piete of Ship received.

Silk which be had ordered for his own It appears by the Dtposition of William Grace, a Ma-

Skme Date. Dalby writes to Henry, at the Foot of the riner on board the Britannia, taken in the Court of ‘Letter to Birtles j he fays, that hie Correspondent, Blr- Exchequer in the Year 1754, pursuant to an Order of ties, will inform Henry how he was to git at Gallipoly j the find Court for examining him de bene efts, in a Cause 14 whereia

{j

9 Geo. III.

18* Ap

407

wherein the said Frauds Dalhy is the Complainant, and iiari, to load with Salt for Boston in where

D»Ibjr's

the Witness was to have been discharged according to compturlaol his Contract: That the Ship Britannia remained in Port Mahon Harbour about Five Weeks after (he was unloaded, before (he was hove down and refitted j and (he remained in the Harbour about Three Weeks after (lie was careened, before (he failed from Mahons and the

Rickard Hall Esquire, et al. Commissioners for the "Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, and the Attorney General, are Defendants, and published by Consent of the Parties, That he agreed with the Complainant to fail on board the said Ship as a Sailor, from the Port of London to West Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, and from

West Cowes, to Genoa, and from Genoa to Cagliari, and Reason (he lay so long was, as the Witness believes, be-

from Cagliari to Boston in New England; that, after the cause the Captain wanted Money to proceed upon his Ship was loaded at Corves, (he lay Three Months on the Voyage, and could not get any from Mr. Green sooner; Mother Bank waiting for Convoy j that (he failed from that, after the Ship was refitted, the Captain might have Gibraltar to Mahon under Convoy of the Newcastle failed from Mahon to Genoa, with as much Advantage Man of Warj that the Wind being Easterly, (he came to the Persons concerned, both in Ship and Cargo, as to an Anchor in Mahon Road; and afterwards, in at- (he would have done if the Cargo had not been taken tempting to get into the Harbour, the Winds drove her out at Mahon: That the Witness did hear Captain Hen ashore on the Rocks near St. Philip's Fort, which broke ry (ay, after the Ship was ready and fit to go to,

her Rudder, and tore all the Irons from off her Stern That he might have had as much Money of Mr. Revel I Pod; and, the Anchors not bringing her up, (he was as the Ship’s Cargo was worth, if he had applied to him drove abroad side upon the Rocks, which knocked her at first; but, indead of his applying to Mr. Revell for false Keel off, and bulged her under the Larboard Money, he had applied to Mr. for Money; that. Gangway, and did her so much Damage that (he leak- in about Three Weeks after the Ship was repaired, the ed at several Places, and took in so much Water that Ship proceeded from Mahon to Cagliari, to take in a they could hardly keep her up; and had not the Cap- Cargo of Salt for Boston-, and the Ship lay at Cagliari tain of the Newtastle (ent his Men to affid with a Stream about Three Months, before (he got in all her Cargo, Anchor and Nine Inch Hawser, (he would have been and in about a Week afterwards the Ship returned to loft on the Rocks; and (he received such Damage that Mahon-, he cannot say why, unless it was to look for her Cargo was obliged to be taken out, for that (he Convoy; and upon the Ship’s returning to Mahon Har-was not in a Condition to proceed upon her Voyage, till bour, (be and her Cargo were there seized by Mr. Green, 4hc had been hove down, careened, and refitted: That, for the Debt that was owing to him: The Witness soon in about Three or Four Days after the Ship was got after quitted the Ship; that there is now due to the from off the Rocks, (he was put into a Cove, by the Deponent his Wages, which are unpaid; That soon af-Direct;ion of Captain Henry, called the Englift Cove, and ter the Ship was brought up, and lay alongside the there (he lay about Three or Four Days, and then (he Victualling Office, Captain Henry proposed to lend One

was carried alongside of the Victualling Office at and, in about a Week afterwards, (he was unloaded at the Wharf there, and, after (he was unloaded and unrigged, (he was hove down at the Pitts, in order to be repaired and refitted for Sea again, which was done in about Three Weeks after (he was hove down; That Admiral Matthews was in Mahon Harbour, with a Fleet of Ships of War, at the Time the Britannia came into the Harbour; that he heard Captain Henry say, That the Com was taken out of the Britannia for the Use of the Fleet; and the Witness believes it was taken out with

of the Bags of Wheat to know what it would fetch there, because he was to have the same Price from Mr. Revell for all the Cargo of Wheat, as the same would, at that Time, fell for, at Genoa.

About Eight or Nihe Days after the Ship arrived at Mahon; viz.

9th March \ 743-4, O. S. Admiral Matthews issued a Warrant directed to Captain Henry, in the Words following; viz.

You are hereby empowered, authorized, and directed.

the Consent and Approbation of Captain Henry, because forthwith to deliver, for the Use of His Majestjr, to the Witnds heard him exprefe his great Satisfaction Mr. Revell, Agent for the Victualling his Majes-

thereat, and said, it was laving a great deal of Money 'ty’s Ships in this Port, the Cargo of English Wheat you in Warehouse Room; and the Sailors belonging to the now have on board the Ship Britannia, under your Com-. Britannia were employed by Captain Henry to get the mand; first taking the Steps you shall think necessary Wheat out of the Ship; and the Witness believes that and customary in like Cafes t And you are to keep an Captain Henry thought, that his consenting to the Ad- Account of the Delivery of the said Cargo, as well for miral taking the Com would be of Advantage to the your own Discharge, as for the Security and Satisfaction Owner thereof, or else he would not have consented of your Freighters, and the Proprietors of the said

to its being taken away; and that the taking out the Com at Mahon by the Admiral was of no Prejudice, Disadvantage, or Delay, to the destined Voyage of the Ship; for, if the Wheat had not been taken out by Admiral Matthews at Mahon, it must have been taken out there, because the Ship waa not fit for the Sea after (he had received the aforesaid Darnige; and (he would have foundered if the Cargo had not been taken out of her; and (he could not be refitted till the whole Cargo was taken out; so that, if the Wheat had not been taken by the Admiral, it must have been taken

Wheat; for which the Proprietors shall be paid, by the said Russell Revell, on Behalf of His Majesty, at the Rate the said Wheat would have been sold at the Market it was consigned to, at the Time it may reasonably be computed that the said Ship would have arrived there, had not the said Cargo been stopt here for His Majesty’s Service: Yoh are likewise jointly with the said Mr. Revell, to chuse One of the Bags of the said Wheat, which is to be sealed by him and you, in order to be sent to the Person the Cargo is consigned to, as- a Sample whereon the Price is to-be determined, and

out, and put into some Warehouse there, till the Ship authentically certified: For all which this shall be to you

was refitted; and that all the Corn which lay on the Ground Tier, when the Ship was unloaded, was very wet, and had received a great deal of Damage by the Salt Water; and he believes there were almost too Bags of Wheat on the Ground Tier which had received such Damage; and he believes the rest of the Wheat had received some Damage by the Salt Water: That he does not know that the Ship was intended to fail for Gallipoly -, but if there was such an Intention, he was a

a sufficient Warrant. Dated on board the in

Mahon Harbour, 9th March 1743.

To Mr. William Henry,'s Commander of the Ship/ Thomas.

Britannia. '

14th March 1743-4, O. S. Admiral Matthews feat another Warrant, directed to Mr. RuJfeJl Revell, Agent

Stranger thereto; that he apprehended (he was to dif- for the Victualling at Mahon, in the Words following; charge the Wheat at Genoa, and to have faded to Cog-Voi. 3a. B

408

18° Apr

A. 1769.

Dalby’i By Thomds Matthews, Esquire, Rear Admiral, (Ac. cS)'^ nfauon Whereas, by my Warrant of 9th Instant, I have ordered

0 pen «»n. William Henry, Commander of the Ship called

tannia, to deliver to you, for the Use of his Majesty, the Cargo of English Wheat he has now on board his said Ship: You are hereby directed to receive the same from time to time, keeping an exact Account of the Number of Bags delivered you, as well of the Number of Quarters, asDf the Mahon Measure they shall produce; and you are to cause the said Wheat to be ground into Flour, and made into Rulk, with all Expedition possible, for the Use of his Majesty’s Fleet under my Command, to prevent our being distressed in case the Supply of Provisions, ordered from England, should be delayed by the Uncertainty of the Season, or otherwise.

You are hereby directed, jointly with the said Mailer, to choose a Bag of the said Wheat, which is to be sealed by him and you, and sent to John Birtles, Esquire, His Majesty’s Consul at Gen, to whom the said Cargo is tonsigned j that the said sealed Bag may serve as a Sample, in order to determine the Price the said Wheat bore at Genoa at the Time the said Ship might reasonably be supposed to have arrived there, had (he not been detained here on the Government’s Account. So soon as you have received all the Cargo of Wheat, and compared and agreed your Account thereof with the said Mailer, specifying whatever Quantity shall be found damaged, you are to correspond with the said Consul Birtles, thereby advising him of my Orders, and the Steps you take in this Affair: And that the Crown may not be put to an additional Expence by any Demand the Proprietors of the said Wheat might make, in case it was not immediately paid for; as also to prevent the Rilk that attends the remitting the Amount thereof in Specie; you are, by the first Opportunity that offers after you have received said Cargo, to remit the Amount thereof, as near as you can calculate, to the said Consul Birtles, for the Use of the Proprietors, in your Bills of Exchange on the Commissioners for Victualling his Majesty’s Navy; advising them of my Orders to you for this and your other Transitions herein.

You are at the same Time to desire the said Consul Birtles, to fend you, as soon as possible, authentic Certificates of the Prices that Wheat of the same Quality of the Sample sent him sealed up, would have fold for at

1 Genoa for ready Money, at the Time the said Ship could

reasonably be judged to have arrived there as aforesaid; and upon receipt of such Certificates, and his Account of the Cargo, you are to determine the Cost thereof in your Public Accounts for the Victualling Service: For all which this shall be to you a sufficient Warrant. Dated on board the Na, in Mahon Harbour, the 14th March 1743-4.

Thomas

To Mr. Russell Revell, Agent 1 for the Victualling at >

Mahon. j

By Command of the Admiral.

John Scott.

5th April 1744- By Mr. s Letter to the Commissioners, it appears, that he had on that Day, by the Newcastle Man of War, forwarded the Sample Bag of Wheat, and the Bill for 8,000 Dollars, to Birtles.

5th April 1744. By the original Draft for 8,oq« Dollars, drawn by Russell Revell upon the Commissioners of the Victualling, payable to Birtles for Value received in Wheat, by the Ship Britannia, by Order of Admiral Matthews, dated the 14th of March; it appears, that the Draft was indorsed by Birtles on the 27 th of to pay the Contents to Messrs. Andreeand Company, understood

' as Proprietors of the Cargo of Corn; and that the same was by them sent over into En, and there paid by the Victualling Board.

20th June 1744. By an Account of this Date, intituled, An Account df English Wheat received front on board the Britannia, William , Master, for Service of victualling His Majesty’s Ships at the Port of

Mahon, by Order of Admiral , it appears, that

the whole Account of the Value of the Wheat, according to the Price at Genoa, is made up between Revell and John Birtles, in which Credit is given for 8,oco Dollars; and John Birtles gave to Russell Revell a Receipt for the Balance at the Foot of the Account.

8th March 1743-4, O.S. Mr. Revelladvised the Commissioners, by Letter, of the Order he had received from Admiral Matthews, saying, That the Admiral had ordered him to receive a Cargo of Wheat shipped at Corves -on the Britannia, and consigned to Mr. Birtles, which

the Admiral stopt there for his Majesty’s Service, and directed him to pay for it at the Price it would have fold for at Genoa, at the Time the Ship might be reasonably supposed to have arrived there.

13 th Sept. 1744. , Mr. Revell writes to the Board as follows; viz. First to acquaint your Honours that had not the Britannia's pargoof Wheat been taken for the use of the Government here, it must have been landed at this Port, the Ship having sprung a Leak, which could not be Hopped but by careening; and the Mailer had got his Ship dole ashore in a Cove to that end before he was ordered to deliver his Cargo to me; therefore the Wheat's being taken here proved a great Advantage to the Concerned both in Ship and Cargo, by laving a considerable Expence in landing and re-shipping the Cargo, Warehouse Room, Guards, (Ac. The Warrant given by Admiral Matthews to the Matter of the Britannia, to deliver his Cargo to me, was dated 9th 1743-4, his Order to me the 14th of the same Month, and my Receipt to the Mailer for the Wheat the 4th April following. If he had been obliged to unload his Ship with his own People only, he could not have done it in that Time; therefore there cannot be any Claim for Demurrage occasioned by this Office. I repeatedly told the Matter of the Britannia, if he wanted any Money here for the Ship’s Use, I would supply him, in order to his going to the Port he was destined to, and that he need not apply himself to any body else; but he did not think proper to accept the Offer I made him, and thereby loft a great deil of Time unnecessarily, lying long idle here after he could have proceeded under Convoy of one of his Majesty’s Ships, for which this Office can never be deemed accountable. — The Surprise Mr. Birtles expressed in his Letter of nth June last at Mr. Dolby's Demands, and his Reasoning on them, is very just; for I do not fee that any one Part of his Pretensions in his Memorial to the Lords of the Admiralty is grounded on Reaion, but am sure that all his Claims are directly contrary to what has been frequently practised in parallel Cafes: — Had the Ship and Cargo, after the Ship had been made fit here for Sea, proceeded to Genoa, and the Cargo fold there, the Freight and Primage was undoubtedly payable by the Seller out of the Produce of the Cargo, and not by the Purchasers. — Now this Office is the Purchaser, having paid for the whole Cargo at the Market Price; and therefore is no ways bound to pay Freight or Primage. — There have been many Instances here of the like Nature, when Men of War have in Time of Scarcity stopt Ships loaden with Wheat at Sea, and brought them into this Port, and the Merchants concerned have been well pleated and satisfied, by being paid in the same Manner the Britannia's Cargo was paid for — as indeed they well might, since they thereby iaved very heavy Expences that would have attended the Sales of the Cargoes in Italy, especially if put into Warehouses, as is generally the Cafe.

Thirdly, With respect to the consequential Damages alledged to have been (uftained by the Ship’s not going to Genoa for Oil and Homeward-bound Freight, and to the Manner in which the Cargo of Salt brought from Cagliari, and the Ship, were condemned and fold;

24th April 1744. That Dalhy wrote to Birtles, that he

observed

9 Geo. III. l8° Aprilis. 4°9

observed by Birtles's Letters, -tViat Hemy was arrived at was determined to go to load, To that the London p^.by's,-Mahon, and that the Admiral would probably take Scheme would prove entirely abortive; and, indeed, if the Corn: He told him that the Victualling Board had it proceeded, it would have been impossible to get a full had an Account that the Corn was taken for the Use Ship in due Time: That he would fend him his Ac-of the Fleet, and therefore could not appear at Genoa, count current, and attend s Orders about the Ba-because he would be mad to (hr without Orders, as lance after he had settled concerning the Sequester; that the Corn was. taken from him, and the Ship must be the Judges would oblige him to pay the Demand with stopt till he could be advised of it, and sent Credit to the Effects, as no Proof had been produced to confute supply the Defect of the Freight: That with regard to it.

fitting the Ship with Forty Mert, he did riot care to run 15th June 1744. Dalby writes to Birtles, if Henry l'uch Riflts, however he would fully consider this Point should be gone for Salt on his own Accord, he was will-before the next; that the next Poll should bring him ing the Goods ordered for him should be put on board all necessary Orders for taking off the Sequestration; the and hopes a few Days would furniflt

that the next Day he should apply to the Admiralty for them with the Answer to the Commissioners of the Damages in taking out the Corn and (lopping the Ship, Victualling’s Letter, that he might proceed to receive and should advise him in his next, what Answeir he Satisfaction for the Detention of the Ship and Inter-should receive from them. ruption of his Voyage.

28th April 1744. Dalby writes Birtles, that he is re- 9th July 1744. Dalby writes to Birtles, to order solved upon pofuive Orders, for Captain Henry how to Messrs Green and Hall to supply Henry with what proceed; if Birtles could not load at Genoa, that Galli- Birtles should think necessary, and to remit to Hall the poly Oil would answer here at the present Insurance; Balance of the Affair.

and therefore his Father and himself would (land 23d July 1744. Birtles writes to Dalby, that Captain £. 1,200 in that Article, if Birtles could procure the Henry was gone to load Salt at Cagliari: That it would Ship full on Freight at £. 6 per T on; if it should be im- be to no. purpose for the Ship to seek Freight

possible to get it, that Birtles might fill her up as his at G, as no Employ was stirring: That w-ithout the Own Judgment should direct on Freight at £.$per Ton, Ship is 250 or 300 Tons Burthen, and mounted 20 Guns,

Over and above what the,£. 1,200 would purchase: As and carried 80 or 100 Men, Nobody would put an to Forty Men, the Insurance at London was not cheaper Ounce of Goods on board; that he could not any than with Twenty Men, therefore he would not con- longer delay the Court giving definitive Sentence upon sent to Forty Men, unless he could make £ 1,100 the Sequestration; and therefore recommended it to freight Home; his, own Thoughts were, that the best him to settle that Matter.

Way would be for Henry to take a common Number of 15 th August 1744. Birtles writes to Dal by, that he would

Men $ he agrees that Henry may buy some small Guns, be no Sufferer by the Ship being stopt at , for if

and just as the Ship is coming away make up his Num- (he had come to Genoa to unload, flic must have gone to ber Thirty-two Men, as enough of Sailors would be Cagliari (or Salt, as it would have been impossible to glad to come to England, and take Convoy at Mahon, procure Freight at Genoa, unless Dalby had conformed and from thence to Gibraltar, and there get Convoy for with the Proposal of making her an Act Ship, and England, he hoped before the Wednesday following to again recommends it to put an end to the Sequestra-know what would be done about the Britannia's Freight, tion.

and that Birtles would have so much remitted to him 1 ft Nov. 1744. Birtles writes to Dalby, that he had,

as would make^. 1,200 in Birlles'% Hands, besides what conformable to s Desire, remitted to Hall the

the Ship would want; therefore he requested Birtles, in Amount of the £. 200 Bill; that Three Days before he the Interim, to do the utmost for the Ship; but if no- had received a Letter from Captain Henry, dated at thing could be done, he desired Birtles to order her di- Mahon the Fifth of by which he was informed*

re&ly to Cagliari to load Salt for Bofttn, to be consigned that upon Henry's Return thither, Green and had to Hutchinson and Goldthwait there; but that was an Ex- sequestered the Ship and Cargo of Salt for the Money pedient he was not fond to have executed. > they had supplied Henry with, for which he drew upon

8th May 1744. Dalby writes to Henry, complains of Dalby, who suffered the Bills to be protested: That his not writing to him, and directs him to fend Home Birtls Letter to them had luckily arrived in Time to (he Protcft and an Affidavit of Fadls; viz.that the Orders prevent their felling the Ship: but that the Cargo of to Hairy were so particular, that after the Corn was Salt was fold before j and informed him that the Retaken he could proceed no further till he had Dalby's mainder of Cargo was unfold.

Orders in writing without taking the Ri(k upon him- 17th 1744. writes to that he had

self, and also to let forth, in the same Affidavit, the Day finished the Sales of Turrell's Cargo; and presses him he was detained, and the Day this Letter comes to hand, again to settle the Affair of the Sequestration. because be had the Promise of Satisfaction for the De- 23d Jan. 1745. Birtles fends to Dalby the Account tention, and to fend him all the Costs he was put to at of the Sales of Cargo of Corn; and tells him

Mahon — informs him, that the Letter would be deliver- that his Proportion comes to 7041 Livres, which is cd him by Mr. Birtles, to whom he had wrote fully; and equal to*f. 293. 8j. or thereabouts, directed Henry with the utmost Dispatch to load for Lon- By a Translation of the Proceeding, in regard to the don or Boston in Nczv England, as Birtles should ap- Ship Britannia, in the Vice-Admiralty Court of Minorca, point. it appears, That on the 3d November 1745, Michael

11th June 1744. Birtles writes to Dalby, that he Harris libelled the Ship for 43. 2J. 9 due to him had received his Letter of the 8th of May, and informs upon a Bill drawn by the Captain on Dalby, and re-him, That his Trouble in applying to the Commission- turned protested; and several other Persons alfio libel-ers for the Freight was necdlels, because the Agent at led the Ship for Demands upon the Owner.

Genoa had taken the Value of the Cargo on the Foot- On the nth December 1745, Harris and other Per-ing it was worth at the Time it might have arrived fons appeared in Court, and represented, That if the there; but the Price being settled, the Proprietors of Sale of the Ship was delayed, the same would be a con-the Cargo became Dalby's Debtors for the Freight and siderable Detriment, by reason that (lie was damaged Priniage, which he, Birtles, had received from them, and ran a Risk of sinking; and therefore prayed the: upon the Footing of the Charter Party: As to the future Judge to order the Sale of the Ship to be proceeded Proceedings of the Ship Britannia, that Messrs. Green and upon. On the 15th December, Captain Henry appeared Hall had advised him, that they had advanced to Cap- in Court, and represented, That the Ship was indebted tain Henry 1000 Dollars for refitting the Ship and the to him in 160. io.j for Wages as Commander:

Purchase of the Cargo of Salt at Cagliari, where Henry That (he was in a ruinated Condition; — that he had not Vol. 32. M Money

410

18° Aprilis. . 1769.

Dalby’s

Petition for

Centre uiatum.

Money fufBcient for her Preservation; and therefore agreed that (he might be sold for the Benefit of the Persons interested, and the Money brought into Court: On the same Day the Court ordered the Ship to be sold at public Sale, by Auction, and the Produce brought into Court till a Sentence and Adjudication should be made thereof; and for that Purpose the usual Proceedings should be had: On several following Days, several other Claims were made upon the Ship.

On the 18 th December 1745> the Ship was advertised for Sale.

On the 3d January 1746, an Order was made to deliver the Ship to Salvador Cfor 2,8ood Pieces of Plate.

Several other Claims were made upon the Ship.

On the 6th February 1748, the Court pronounced Judgment; viz. That the Judge having seen the Cause of the Joint Creditors of the Ship whereof

William Henry was Commander, who had prayed that the Ship might be sold at public Sale; and agreeable thereto, (he had been fold and delivered to Mr. Salvador Canjino for 2,800' Pieces, that the same might be paid to her respective Creditors; therefore he proceeded to the Division thereof, and adjudged the following Payments:

To the Court -For the Register’s Chatges -

To Benjamin Bryant, D"

To Edward Guffett, D°

To Samuel Ware, D° -

To James AlexanderD°

To John Hemmitt, D°

To John Jamifon, D° -

To John Waine, D° -To Frederick S hep heard, D® -To John Shieles, D° -

Which Sums make together

Ps. of Plate. RIs. Dt*is.

- 70 O O

- - 3° O O

- - 591 4 O

- 231 4 O

- - 289 5 6

- - 56 4 0

- in 1 0

- - 215 5 9

- - 73 7 12

- - 279 6 0

- - ^7 0 0

- 53 3 9

ier 2,132 7 0

And the same being deducted from the 2,800 Pieces7 for which the Ship fold, there remained 667. 1. o. which Sum he adjudged to the Heirs of Captain William Henry for his Wages, on Account of £. 160. to Sterling, due to him from the Ship for his Wages as Commander, at the Rate of 6 per Month, granting him Recourse for making up the 160. ioj. against the Owners of the Ship, binding the Heirs of the said Captain to account with the Proprietors for the Voyages and Freight which the Ship had made; but as Captain Henry was bound in Two Obligations, amounting to 575. 7. 13, he adjudged that Sum to be paid to the Creditors out of the 667. 1, and the Residue to be paid to the Heirs of Captain Henry.

Fourthly, With respect to the several Applications made by Dal by to the several Boards, and the several Steps taken by him relative to the Claims made by him on account of this Ship, and what has been done thereupon by the Officers of the Crown;

That,

1 ft May 1744. prefen ted a Memorial to the Admiralty, claiming Demurrage for Three Mqpths, and a Satisfaction for the Disappointment of the Voyage; which Memorial the Admiralty referred to the Victualling Board.

2d May 1744. The Victualling Board took the Memorial into Confederation, and having then no other Advices of the Transaction but Mr. s Letter of

the Eth of Alan li, they made a Minute in their Books of that Day: That they thought it right that the Freight should be paid as if the W heat had been carried to Genoa-, and Daily, who attended the Board, saying That he wanted Credit at Genoa, the Board agreed that it should be proposed to the ‘Admiralty to write to Birtles to pay the Freight at Genoa to s Order;

and, as to the rest of the Memorial, that the Board should 21

report thereon to the Admiralty, when they were fully informed of the State of the Cafe.

4 May 1 744. The Proposal of writing to Birtles was made to the Admiralty, and approved of.

7th May 1744. The Victualling Board wrote to' Birtles to pay the Freight to Ds Order.

3 July 1744. Dalby wrote to the Board, that Birtles on 11th June had advised him, that the Oil Scheme

would prove abortive, and that the Captain would go to Cagliari to load Salt for Newfoundland: That he thanked them for their Care of him, by ordering Credit for the Freight; that he had no Occasion for it, as the Captain had drawn on him for £. 200 to furnish his Cargo of Salt; and that he knew he was premature to expect their Report.

4th July 1744. The Board wrote to Mr. Revell at Mahon, informing him of Das Claim, and defiriDg information how the FaCls were.

25th July 1744.' Dalby wrote to the Board, desiring the y would so direct Birtles, as that the Credit which they had formerly given him upon Birtles might not hinder his adjusting his Claim at London.

26th July 1744. The Board wrote to Birtles not to give any Bills on them for the Freight j but desired to know what he had received from the Proprietors of the Corn, and whether he had paid the same to s

Order.

27th August 1744. Birtles wrote to the Board, that he

had received the Freight.

5th Obi. 1744. By a Minute to the Victualling Board, it appears that Dalby applied to them, and desired, as he had no Occasion for the Money at Genoa, that they would advance him such Part of the Freight, as they might think proper, till such Time as they might hear from their Agent at Mahon, to enable them to make a Report to their Lord ships touching his other Demands; the Board told him they could not be certain of his not having ordered Birtles so pay the Freight, according to the Directions given him from the Board some Time before; but he said he was ready to give Security to indemnify the Crown against such an Accident <; whereupon the Board ordered an Imprest Bill of £. 450 to be made out to him on account of the Freight of the said Ship, upon giving Security to indemnify the Crown against his having received it from Mr Birtles, on account of the Crown or the Owners, and against his receiving it; or giving any Orders for receiving it for the future, and upon his giving an-Authority to Mr. Birtles to dispose of the Money that he had received, or might recover of the Proprietors of the Corn for Freight and Port Charges, according to such Directions as he should receive from the Board.

22d Obi. 1744. The Board having received Mr. Reveil's Letter of the 13th of September, 1744 above dated, made a Minute of this Date, dating the Purport of this Letter; and as Mr. Dalby had not given the Security required by the Board’s Minute, and the Board being of Opinion, from the Accounts given of the Affair by Mr. Revell, that Dalby had not any Claim upon that Office, either for Freight or Damages, the intended Imprest for £. 450 was therefore not made out.

5th Nov. 1744. The Board reported to the Admiralty, That it did not seem to them that Mr. Dalby had any Claim upon that Office for the Freight, the same having been paid by the Crown in the Price for the Corn, and was retained for Mr. Dalby's Use in the Hands of Mr. Birtles; and, as to the consequential Damages, that as the Ship was not detained any longer at Mahon, by means of her Cargo having been purchased there for the Use of the Fleet, than (fie mull otherwise have been in repairing the Damage (he had got before (he put in there, and their Agent repeatedly offered the Matter what Money might be wanted for fitting the Ship to proceed to Genoa, to which Place he ought to have gone by virtue of the Orders he had received from Mr. Dalby before he left England, and where the Freight, by

9<?Geo. Ilf. iS0 Jprilis.

411

the Measures that had been taken, Would have been ready to have been applied to such Purposes as Mr. Dalby might be supposed to have* lodged Orders about, against the Ship’s Arrival there';- and therefore they conceived that although Mr. Dalby might have suffered from his Mailer’s Imprudence in losing his Time at and not proceeding according to his Orders to Genoa; yet the Crown ought not to be accountable for the Time the Ship lay unnecessarily at Mahon through the Matter’s Negligence, or for any Damage that might have accrued to Mr. Dalby in Consequence thereof.

30th Jan. x 744-5. The Admiralty directed the Victualling Board to take the Attorney General’s Opinion upon the Cafe.

nth Feb. 1744-5. Sir Dudley Ryder., then Attorney General, gave his Opinion, That the Damages which were naturally consequential to the taking out the Corn at Port Mahon, ought to be made good to the Owner, and

thought an Action would lie against the Admiral for. them; but thought the unnecessary Demurrage of the Captain at Port Mahon, or his going afterwards to Cagliari, and purchasing Salt, were not such Damages as either the Admiral or the Agent Victualler were liable to make good.

i$t\\ March 1744-5. By the Order of the Admiralty it appears. That their Lordships order the Board to act in the Matter according to the Opinion, and to pay the Damage therein proposed, and no other, provided Dalby gave a general Release, and would receive the same in full Satisfaction of all Demands; and it appears by the Board’s Minute, that in consequence thereof the Board desired Mr. Dalby to give them an Account of what he insisted upon as consequential Damages.

19th March 1744-5. Dalby delivered in his Claim to the Board, which consisted of the following Particulars: viz.

jr. s. d.

The Outward bound Freight for the

Wheat - - - 370 o o

The Homeward bound Freight of Oil

from Callipoly - - - - 1,298 o o

The Profit upon the Oil - 1,060 o o

Thirteen Months Demurrage as Mahon 1,279 o o

The Loss of a Carolina Voyage for the Outward-bound Freight, and for the Homeward-bound Freight, with a Deduction of Six Months Demurrage at Mahon - - - 924 4 o

£.5,131 4 o

He also claimed, without charging any Sums for Charges of bringing Home the Ship from Mahon to London, and putting her into Repair, for the Profits that could have been made in the Trade of the Three First Sums above claimed, had the same been received in the Month of July, or for the Interest thereof, and the Profit of a West India Voyage, that might have been made by the Ship when the Account was delivered.

25th March 1745. The Account being laid before the Attorney General, he gave his Opinion, That under the Circumstances of the Cafe, neither the Homeward-bound Freight, nor any other of the subsequent Demands, were such consequential Damages as ought to be allowed, though this was a Matter wholly in the Bread of a

Jury.

13th April 1745. The Account and Opinion having been communicated to the Admiralty, their Lordfiiips ordered the Board to act with Mr. Dalby exactly conformable to the Opinion.

31st July 1745. It appears by a Minute of the Board,

That Mr. Dalby attended the Board, and declined to accept the Freight in Mr. Birtles Hands; whereupon the Board ordered Mr. Birtles to be wrote to, to remit it to the Treasurer of the Navy; and Mr. Birtles was wrote to on the 16th of August accordingly.

JVou. 3a.

9th Aug. 1745. It appears by a Minute of the Board, DaJby’s -That Mr. Dalby attended them for an Answer as to the com 'entoon Homeward bound Freight and consequential Damages , claimed; when the Board told him they could give him no other Answer than what they had often done, which was, They were under Orders to follow the Attorney General’s Opinion, who conceived that they ought not to be allowed.

16 Aug. 1745. Mr. Stanwix, then Solicitor to the

Board, having, on the 31st past, inclosed a Copy of a

Letter which Mr. Dalby had delivered to him as a Copy

of that which he had wrote to Admiral Matthews on

15th May 1745; the Purport of which was, that by the

Admiral’s flopping the Britannia at Mahon, the Matter

was disabled from delivering his Corn at Genoa, agreeable

to Charter Party, and Bill of Loading, and could not

proceed thither with an empty Ship without being

liable to be arrested, and to have his Ship fold for Non-

observance of his Covenant, which1 the Detention of the

Corn had made it impossible to be performed, and that it

was the whole Cause of breaking the Ship’s destined

Voyage to Genoa, Naples, and Ga and back to

London, and also losing the Freight from Gallipoly to

London, and the Benefit on the Importation of 106 Tons

of Gallipoly Oil, which was ordered to be bought with the Corn Freight at Genoa, and other Money that had

been kept there as a Fund for that Purpose, and was the.

Cause of the detaining the Ship at Mahon at a great Expence, whereby he had loft the Profit of a and other Voyages; and that all the said Damages were naturally consequential to the said Stoppage and Detention; and therefore he desired the Admiral would order Restitution to be made for the said Damages — The Board sent an Extract to Mr. Birtles of Mr. s Letter to Admiral Matthews, and desired he would acquaint them with what he knew concerning Mr. s Scheme for purchasing and bringing Home Gallipoly Oil being broke by taking out the Wheat at Mahon, and what Funds were lodged at Genoa by Mr. Dalby for the Purchase of such Oil.

15th OEl, 1745. Mr. Birtles, by a Letter wrote by him from Leghorn, acquainted the Board in Answer, That Mr. Dalby's Allegations were far from being grounded

on that Justice and Equity that it is needful for a Man tender of his Charadier, and desirous to establish a Mercantile Credit. — For that when he let out the said Ship Britannia, he soon after wrote to him, the said Mr.

Birtles, and acquainted him with her Burthen, &c. and desired him, if he could, to procure the Ship a Freight back to England, and, in defect of succeeding, to fend her to load a Cargo of Salt; to which he answered him.

That if he would order the Matter to put Sixteen Guns into her, and Chip Fifty or Sixty Men, (he might go, and take a Foundation of Gallipoly Oil oa his Account, and he would procure the Remainder of the Cargo of Paper and fine Goods for London: To this Propolai Mr. Dalby answered, That he could not consent to put any more Guns into the said Ship, or suffer the Matter to increase the Complement of her Crew; but that if he thought proper he might invest about £ 1000 Sterling in Oils on his Account, and fend the Bills of Lading to his, the said Mr. Birtles' Friend in London, till he had paid his, Mr. Birtles' Bills; but this Order was confined, and not to be executed unless he could fill the Ship up at Genoa; upon which he immediately answered, That as he would not consent that the Ship should carry Sixteen Guns, and Fifty or Sixty Men at least, it would be impossible to procure her an Ounce of Goods for,

and therefore, upon her Arrival at Genoa, he would get her dispatched as soon as possible, and fend her to load a Cargo of Salt; in which Manner the Correspondency ceased about the Ship’s going back to London; so that there were no Funds lodged for the Oils, nor any Hopes of the Ship’s returning to London, if Ihe had carried the Corn to Genoa; and that consequently Mr. Dalby was no Sufferer by the Ship’s Freight to Gallipoly, nor on the

t

Ddby’s Petition for Compensation.

41a 18° Aprilis. . 17^9.

Oils which he fays were to be imported, as the Scheme wasentirdy laid aside before the Advice came of the Ship’s being arrived at Mahon: That as to the Mailer’s not being able to proceed to Genoa after the Corn was taken, , without being liable to be arrelled, he was of Opinion, that if the Admiral was comprised within the Meaning of the Clause in the Charter Party, " Restraintof Princes, Rulers and Governors excepted," the Charter Party of itself would have cleared the Mailer in any Court of Judicature in , if after being

stopt he made a Protell against the Commander in Chief, on Behalf of the Proprietors of the Cargo, who mull have fought for Payment of Damages of the Cargo from the Officer who laid the Restraint, and not from the Mailer, who was not in a Capacity to refill a Superior. Mr. Birtles, likewise, in Consequence of the Board’s Letter of the 31st July 1745, remitted them a Bill on themselves, he having then an Account with the Board for Oxen that were purchased in Piedmont for the Use of the Fleet, but were afterwards re* sold at , payable to the Treasurer of the Navy for the Amount of what be had received for the Freight of the , being

Dollars 1,878. 12. at 54 d. $per Dollar; but the Board, upon further Con side rat ions, not thinking themselves authorized to settle, or, as the same was circum-stanced, to meddle with the fame, they on the 24th December 1745, sent the said Bill back to Mr. , and desired him to draw upon the Board for the Amount thereof; which he did accordingly.

Easter Term 1746. Dalby brought an Action against Admiral Matthews and Mr. Revell.

26th Nov. 1746. Dalby petitioned the Board of Admiralty, that some Persons might attend the Trial with Mr. Reveirs Letter of the 8th March 1743, before Hated, the Order of the Board of Admiralty of the 15th March 1744-5, before Hated, and Admiral Matthew's Letter to them of the 24th January 1744, desiring to be indemnified on account of the said Ship; and their Lordships having desired the Board’s Opinion thereon, they thought it advisable to consult Counsel thereupon; which Letter of Admiral Matthews was as follows — To Thomas Corbett, Esquire. Sir, — Soho,

24th January 1744. — The Bearer is the Attorney of Mr. Francis Dalby, who has been sent to me concerning the Britannia, a Merchant Ship, which I Hopped at Mahon, with her Lading of Wheat, for the Service of the Fleet under my Command. I wrote to you upon this Subject the 8th December last, and sent you the Papers relating to this Matter; but as no Anifwef has been given, 1 am now to desire, that their Lordships will be pleased to give such Directions as shall be necessary to indemnify me for the Steps I took for the Good of the Service.

31st Dec. 1746. The Board transmitted to their Lordships a Copy of Counsellor Legge's Opinion, with regard to the producing the said Letters, as follows; viz. 1 apprehend that neither the Lords of the Admiralty, nor the Commissioners of the Victualling, ought to produce, or deliver, to Mr. Dalby these Letters; and that it would be very wrong in them so to do. It is a most unprecedented and unreasonable Request. And it is to be supposed, that Mr. Dalby knew his own same before he brought his Action, and could not expect that the Defendants should make it out for him.

Easter Term 1752. Dalby filed a Bill in the Court of Exchequer against the Commissioners of the Victualling Office, praying Satisfaction for the Freight, Primage, Petty Average, and Port Charges, of the Outward-bound Cargo of Wheat, and for the Freight for a Homeward-bound Voyage to London, for the Damage by not importing the Oil, for the Loss of the Ship, and for Interest on those Demands; and that an Ilfue at Law might be directed to try how much he had been damnified by the Seizure and Detention of the Ship, and taking away her Cargo, and the consequential Lolfcs occasioned to him thereby.

22d May 1752. The Attorney General gave another Opinion upon the Two former Cafes, and also’ upon subsequent Cafe; that he thought there was no Grounds for Mr. Dalby to recover, either in Law or Equity, any Part of the Demands he had made; and he observed there was One material FaCl Hated then, which was not in the former Cafes, which was taken from Grace's Account of the TransaClion to Mr. the Board’s Solicitor: That the Captain himself agreed to the unloading the Corn in the Manner Hated, and declared it would be a great Help, and save him great Trouble and Expence.

May 1754. The Commissioners of the Victualling Board put in Three Answers to the Bill, and the Amendments; and the last Answer was put in, in May 1754.

Michaelmas 1754. Grace was examined as a Witness de bene eft'e, and no further Proceedings have been had in the Cause.

February 1757* Dalby presented another Memorial to the Admiralty, relating to his Claims, which they referred to the Victualling Board for their Opinion.

20th May 1757. The Board reported their Opinion, That they apprehended that the Question upon taking the Corn, and what Parts of the Damages claimed' by Dalby were the natural or unavoidable Consequence thereof, were Matters which would come more properly before a Court of Judicature, or the Decision of Counsel on both Sides, upon a same to be agreed upon; and till it appeared by proper Judges, whether the Crown was liable to any of the Points of Damage claimed, it would be premature to enter into any Consideration of the Quantum.

24th May 1757. The Admiralty confirmed the Opinion, and approved of the Proposal of referring the Question of Law to the Attorney General and Mr.

Dalby's Counsel.

15th June 1757. Mr. Dalby was informed of this by the Board, and they ordered their Solicitor to take the necessary Steps with Dally or his Solicitor for adjusting a joint Cafe.

30th July 1757. The several Cafes which had been laid before Sir Dudley Ryder, and the Opinions, were sent to Mr. Skinner, Mr. Dalby's Solicitor, who was desired to let the Board’s Solicitor know, whether he had any Objections or Additions to make to those Cafes; to which he sent no Answer.

26th August 1757. Dalby laid before the Board, a Paper, intituled, A same between the Crown and himself, relating to the Ship Britannia.

14th Sept. 1757. Dalby attended the Board, and laid, He was prepared to prove his same before them: He was answered by the Board, That they did not look upon that as a Thing which they could take upon themselves to determine; but if he would settle a same with the Board’s Solicitor, such same should be laid before Counsel accordingly; but if neither himself or his Solicitor would meet the Board’s Solicitor, to endeavour to settle such a joint Cafe, the Blame would lie wholly with himself.

March 1764. Mr. Dalby presented a Petition to His Majesty, which was referred to the Admiralty, who referred it to the Victualling Board.

29th April 1764. The Victualling Board made their Report, and concluded it with saying, That as Mr. Dalby had not thought proper to proceed in the Cause which he commenced in the Court of Exchequer, for the Recovery of his Demands, on account of the said Ship 1 and as His Majesty’s Attorney General, by his before-mentioned Opinion of the 22d of 1752, adviled. That there was no Ground, either in Law or Equity, for his recovering any Part of his said Demands; and as Mr. Dalby had not produced any tiling since that Time, which they apprehended could any way tend to establish the lame, it did not therefore occur to them, that any other Measures could be taken under the said Opinion, than what was proposed by the Board, in the Year 1757, viz. To have a same Hated that should be agreed to

on

9 Geo. III. 18* Apri 4 *

on both Sides, and laid before His Majesty's Attorney General, on the Part of the Crown, and such other Counsel as Mr. Dalby might chuse on his Part for their joint Opinion, whether any, and which, of his Demands were such as ought to be allowed by the Crown.

4th August 1764. The Admiralty concurred in Opinion with the Board, that a joint same should be stated and directed, in case Mr. Dalby would agree to it, to have a same stated, and Opinions taken accordingly.

Jan. 1-/66. Dalby wrote to the then Chancellor of the Exchequer, relating to this Matter, and therein complained, that the Commissioners of the Victualling had made a Mistake in their Report of the 19th April 1764, alledging that they would not advance him Money to enable him to pay the Bill for £. 200 drawn at Mahon by Captain Henry, in favour of Hall and Green; which Letter was laid before the Admiralty.

- 11 Jan. 1766. The Admiralty sent the Letter to the Commissioners of the Victualling, directing them to examine into what was therein alledged, and to report their Opinion.

14th Feb. 17 66.The Board made their Report, That Dalby never informed the Board that he was unable to pay the Bill, or that he made any Application to them to advance him Money to discharge the fame: That it appeared, that the Bill was protested, and sent back to Genoa, on the 10th July 1744., and if he had made any such Application, it would most probably have appeared by his Letters to the Board of the 3d of July 1744, or the 25th of July 1744; but that no mention was made of any Application for Money to pay the Bill in either of those Letters.

26th Sept. 1766. Dalby presented a Memorial to

the Lords of the Treasury.

7th Nov. 1766. The Memorial was referred to the Commissioners of the Victualling, desiring them to prepare an Answer thereto, in order that the Memorial and Answer might be laid before the Attorney and Solicitor General, for their Opinion upon the whole Merits.

3d Dec. 1766. The Board made their Report. i6thD®. The Lords of the Treasury ordered, that the Commissioners of the Victualling, and the Memo-ralift, should be heard by their Counsel upon the said Matter before their Lordships Board.

10th February 1767, and several following Days, the Parties were heard by their Counsel accordingly.

As to the »

1743, November 23d. — The Lords of the Admiralty by their Orders to the Commissioners of the Victualling, directed them to send out a Supply of Six Months Provisions for 18,000 Men to the Mediterranean.

December — Pursuant to these Orders, the Commissioners took up 18 Ships, videlicet, the Robert and Ann, the Moggy Lawder, the Sally, the Speedwell, the Endeavour, the Frederick, the James Frigate, the Unicorn, the Prince of Denmark, the Genoa Gaily, the Francis, the Ann Pink, the Black Prince, the Oxford, the Constant Sally, the Carolina Gaily, and the Hope.

Dec. 1. A Charter Party was entered into between the Commissioners on behalf of His Majesty, of the one Part, and Francis Dalby, Owner of the Francis, John Diddear, Matter, of the other Part; whereby Dalby let to Freight the said Ship for One Voyage, as after mentioned, videlicet, Dalby covenantSj that the Ship should, during that Voyage, be manned with 14 Men, carry 12 Pieces of Ordnance, with Victuals, and all Furniture fit for such a Voyage, at his Costs; and should forthwith be ready for His Majesty’s Service, and receive on Board from His Majesty’s Stores at Tower-hill, all such Victualling Provisions as should be loaden on board her, by the Commissioners Order; and (liould stow the same safe and dry; and should (Wind and Weather permitting, and after the Matter having signed Bills of Loading) fail under Convoy for Gibraltar, or Port Mahon, as (liquid be Voi. 32.

required and being the re arrived, should deliver all such Dalby V Provisions, as the Admiral or Commander in Chief for Petitkmfoj the Time being, or the Commissioners Agent, should di- 4I1"0-

rect j taking Receipts for the Delivery thereof: And in case the Ship should be detained at for want of

Convoy, longer than Tdn Days, it was agreed to allow Demurrage, at I2J. per Ton, per Calendar Month, for every Ton of Provisions loaden on board her, for (o many Days as (he (liould be detained at Spithead, from the nrft fair Wind, after the Expiration of said Ten Days, on the Matter’s Protest, or on Oath, of the Time of her Arrival at Spithead: And in c^fe the Ship should not be undelivered or discharged in Twenty working Days after her Arrival at the delivering Port, Demurrage was to be allowed, for so many Days as (lie should be detained above the said Twenty Days, at the Rate aforesaid; and Dalby covenanted, that the Matter should sign Bills of Loading for the Provisions, and be accountable for the fame; in Consideration whereof, the Commissioners covenanted to allow him after the Rate of 3or. to Gibraltar, or 401. to Port Mahon, per Ton, for so many Ton of Provisions as should be loaden oa board her, to have a perfect Bill made out, for what should appear due for said Services, on producing a Certificate of the Delivery of the Provisions; the said Bill to be entered and numbered in course, with lawful Interest if not paid in Six Months, according to the Practice of the Victualling; and Dalby promised the Ship should be ready to fail from by the 20th

of January then next, and from the Downs with such Convoy as should be appointed, or, on Failure, to forfeit $s.per Ton Freight. And it was further agreed , by the Commissioners with Dalby, that the said Matter '

should, from Time to Time, govern himself on that Voyage, according to such failing Orders and Instructions as he should receive from the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commander in Chief for the Time being, or the Commissioners for Victualling. And for the Performance of these Agreements, Dalby bound himself and the Ship in £. 2,200 Penalty.

The Charter Parties of the said several other Ships were all of the same Tenor as this of the Francis.

28th December — The Commissioners haviffg loaded 182 Tons, and of Provisions on board the

Francis, the Matter signed his Bills of Loading.

The Commissioners caused Sailing Orders to be delivered to the Captain, directing him to proceed to the Downs, to apply, to the Naval Officer at Deal, to know who was to convoy the Ship to.

and not to proceed thence without Convoy, and, on his Arrival there, to acquaint the Commissioners Agent at Portsmouth thereof, and then to apply to the Commander in Chief of the Convoy bound to the,

and proceed under his Convoy to Gibraltar, and deliver the Provisions to their Agent there; or, if the Commander in Chief of the Fleet there, or the Commit sioners Agent, should so order, to proceed to Mahon, and deliver the Loading as Mr. Revell, Agent Victualler there,

should direCV, agreeable to Charter Party.

1743-4, Jan. 25th. The Francis arrived at Spithead, where (he continued till the 18th of April following.

1744, April 18. The Francis, together with the several other Victualling Ships above named, (except the Galley, Oxford, and Carolina Galley, which are said to be loft in the Downs') and also a large Fleet of other Store Ship? and Merchant’s Ships, failed from Spithead for Gibraltar or Port Mahon, under Convoy of Sir Charles Hardy, with 13 Men of War: And Captain Murray, who was appointed their Commodore the 21 ft of April, ordered the Ships into Torbay, where they continued till the 23d, when they failed from thence on their Voyage for Gibraltar or Mahon: But as the public Affairs and CirCum-(lances at that Time would not admit of the Fleet under which they failed, to convoy them so far as,

the Francis and other Victuallers were convoyed to Lf-5 N bon.

4H

i8° Aprilis.

A\ 1769.

ftilby’s bon, where they arrived the 3d of and were left Compenba»n. there by Sir Charles Hardy's Fleet till Admiral Osborne came from the Mediterraneanto convoy them to Gibraltar and Mahon: And on the 24th July they foiled under Convoy of Admiral with Six Men of

War, over the Bar of; but Intelligence having

been received of a Squadron of at lead: Nine French Men of War being on the Coast of Portugal, the Admiral, after having called a Council of War (wherein it was the unanimous Opinion of the Captains of all the Men of War, that it was not safe to proceed) ordered the Fleet back into Lisbon Harbour, where they continued till the 30th of following.

1744, Attgujl 30th. The Fleet of Victuallers and Store Ships, except the Robert and who had been discharged at Lisbon, failed from to Gibraltar under Convoy of Captain , who was joined at Sea by

Admiral Balchen, with about 20 Men of War, who kept them cruizing off Cape Saint Vincent about 12 Days, so # that they did not arrive at Gibraltar till the 14th September.

1744, October 18th. The the the

Sally, and the James Frigate, were ordered out from Gibraltar, to go to the Fleet then at Sea, and deliver Part of their Cargoes there, which they accordingly did, and returned to Gibraltar on the 23d of same Month.

Whilst the Fleet of Victuallers and Store Ships lay at Gibraltar, Three of them, viz. the Endeavour, the Frederick, and the Constant Sally, were unloaded, and discharged from the Service of the Crown.

October 23. The Francis, and the other Victuallers and Store Ships, were ordered by Admiral then

Commander in Chief, to fail under Convoy of Admiral Rozvley for Pott Mahon.

November 13th. The Francis and other Victuallers arrived at Mahon, where the Francis delivered the Remainder of her Cargo — 21st November, Mr the

Agent Victualler, delivered the Captain of the Francis, a Certificate of his having delivered the Provisions; and the Ship was thereby discharged from the Service of the Crown, which was before any other of the Ships had delivered their Cargoes, or were discharged.

1744- Cp January 30th. Mr. Dolby having produced the Certificate of the Delivery of the Provisions, and the Master’s Protest, the Commissioners made him out a Bill for £.364. i8j. 7 being the Amount of the Freight to Mahon, which Mr. Dalby afterwards received.

March 18th. The Commissioners also made out a Bill to Mr. Dalby for £.272. 16 for the Ship’s Demurrage at Spit head, from the 3d of February to the 1 7 th April, which Mr. Dalby has also received.

The Owners of the several Victualling Ships claiming Demurrage, or an Allowance for the Time they were detained on the Voyage between Spithead and the delivering Port, the Commissioners were advised they could not properly pay for the Detainer at Lisbon from the 24th of July to the 30th of August. Whereupon,

Hilary ‘Term 1745, Mr. Black, Owner of the Frederick, commenced an Action in the Court of King’s Bench against the Commissioners, wherein he declared (Bating the Charter Party, and that 274 Tons of Provisions were laden on board) that on the 18th December the Captain received Orders to fail for the Downs, in order there to receive'Convoy for ;which he did,

and arrived at Spithead on the 18th January — That the Ship was detained at Spithead for want of Convoy, from the aSth of January to the 18th of April, being 2 Months and 20 Days; and on the 28th of January the Captain made his Protest; and the Declaration claims a Satisfaction for the Demurrage at Spithead above the Ten Days.

Second. — He further declared, That on the 18th of April he failed under Convoy from Spithead to Torbay, and thence to Lisbon, pursuant to his Sailing Orders; and on the 3d of May arrived at Lisbon. — That the

Sailing from Torbay to Lisbon was failing far out of the direct Courie from Torbay to Gibraltar or Mahon, and he might, if Wind and Weather had permitted, have failed to Gibraltar or Mahon without touching at Lisbon; and as he did this in Obedience to his Sailing Orders, he demands a Satisfaction for Months Delay of the Voyage.

Third. — He further declares. That at Lisbon, the Commissioners ought to have found proper Convoy, but they did not find Convoy from the Time of the Arrival at Lisbon, until the 24th Day of July; whereby the Voyage was delayed contrary to the Meaning of the Charter Party.

Fourth. — He further declared, That on 24th of July, lie was ordered by Captain Osborne to fail lrotn Lisbon under his Convoy; that he did so; and at Sea, Captain Osborne ordered him to return to Lisbon \ which he did, and staid till the 50th of August, for want of Convoy, which was a further Delay to the Voyage.

Fijth. — He further declared, that on the 30th he failed from Lijloon under Convoy, and on the 14th of September arrived at Gibraltar, and was there ordered to unload. — That the Convoy did not fail with the Expedition it might, which delayed the Voyage Ten Days.

Sixth. — He also declared for the Freight.

Upon the First Count for the Detention at Spithead, the Defendants paid the Demurrage into Court, and also the Freight upon the last Count: — Upon the Second Count, for going to Lisbon from Torbay out of the Course to Gibraltar, the Jury gave One Penny Damages: — Upon the Third Count, for not finding Convoy at Lisbon from the 3d May to 24th July, the Jury gave Damages £. 641.4 s.jd. — Upon the Fourth Count, for Delay through Want of Convoy from the 24th July to the 30th August, the Jury gave Damages /. 30. And upon the Fifth Count, for Delay in failing from Lisbon to Gibraltar, the Jury gave Damages ^.35. 15s. $d. The whole Amount of the Damages added together, do come to the Rate of ft. 12. per Ton per Month, which is the Rate of Demurrage agreed upon in the Charter Party; but all the Sums separately taken do not correspond with that Rule, with respect to the Number of Days of each Detainer.

1746 , July.The above Action was tried at Guild-

Hall, and Judgment Iigned' 30th May 1747, anc* d’-C Demurrage paid.

1747, July 13th. The Commissioners of Victualling, by Letter to the Secretary of the Admiralty, informed their Lordships of this Verdict; and luting, that the Owners of the other Victuallers, under the same Circumstances, had applied to be allowed the Demurrage, with Interest That they had been advised by the Attorney General to pay them the Detnuriage, without Interest; and thereupon desired their Lordships Directions.

1747, July.The Lords of the Admiralty directed

the Commissioners to pay the said.Victuallers, according to the same Rate, as had been recovered by Mr. Black.

In pursuance of this Order, the Owners of all the rest of the Victuallers (except Mr. Dalby, Owner of the Francis, and Mr. Weeks, his Father-in-law, Owner of the Hope) particularly the , the Sally, and the James Frigate, which were under all the same Circumstances as the Francis with respect to the Detainers and Manner of Use, were paid after the Rare of 125. a Ton per Month for their Detainers at off Cape

Saint Vincent and Gibraltar-, in which last, the wells Sally, and James Frigate, vrere allowed, during the Time they failed out, to deliver Part of their Cargoes to the Fleet, as if they had been- lying with the other Ships that Time at Giband Bills were made out for the Francis and

Easter Term 1 748. Mr. W, Owner of the Hope, filed his Bill in the Exchequer agafnft the late, and the then Commissioners, against Harley, the Captain of the Ship, in whole Name the Charter Patty was nude,

and

9 Geo. III. iS° jiprilis. 415

and the Attorney General; by which Bill he prayed, that the Commissioners may be decreed to pay him.

For the Freight of 133 Tons and i of a Ton of Victualling Stores to £. s. d.

hon, as per Charter Party - - 467 10 o

For the Loss of the Ship’s Cables,

Anchors, and other Damages in the Storm in the Downs .- - 109 17 o

For Detainer of the Ship in the Downs Seventeen Days for want of Convoy, and One Month and Ten

Days at Spit bead - - 15100

For the Service of the Ship, from

her first Arrival at Gibraltar, till repaired and victualled at Mahon, which, he fays, wasnot till about the 26th or 27th of February, abating the reout Twenty Working Days to unload 40O o o

For the Loss of his Homeward-bound Freight from Nevis to London 1,070 o O

For the Loss of the Profit of£. 500 which he had ordered his Correspondent at Nevis to lay out for him in Sugar, at 10 per Cent, which is the lowest Computation as to the Profit 50 0 0

In all - - 2,049 7 o

With Interest according to the Charter Party.

And, as a Ground for coming into a Court of Equity for Satisfaction of said Demands, he charged, that he had applied to Hdrley to permit'him to make use of his Name, in order to bring an Action on the Charter Party, but that Harley refilled so to do, or to assist him in recovering the Money due for Freight, Demurrage, and Damages.

21st October 1748. The then Commissioners, by

their Answer, inter alia, admitted such Charter Party, and the Ship Hope\ Arrival in the Downs, flaying the re for want of Convoy, and the several Detainers aforesaid, and of her Arrival at Gibraltar and Port JHahon, and of the Delivery of the Lading as aforesaid; and that said Weeks had made such Application, and requested them to make out a Bill for £. 2,049. or some such Sum, which they had refused, apprehending most of the Particulars were extravagant and unrea-. sonable, and such as they were not liable to pay; but said, they had offered, and were then ready to make him out a Bill for £. 835. 16 s.3 d.which is all they apprehend

to be due to him; viz.

For Freight of 133 Tons of Provisions from London to Mahon, at 40J. per Ton, according to Charter Party For Demurrage at Spit head One Calendar Month and 10 Days, at 12 Ton per Month, according to Charter-ter Party -

For Demurrage for Three Calendar

Months and 27 Days at Lifbonat the fame Rate -

For Demurrage, for 12 Days Cape St.Vincent, at the same Rate For Demurrage, One Calendar

Month and 9 Days at Gibraltarat the fame Rate - -

For Demurrage, 6 Days at Mahon, which Time she was detained there above 20 Working Days, as per Charter Party -

the Bavins not delivered

£ j. d.

267 6 3f

106 9 9

311 11 H

31 11 oj

103 l7 2

'5 6

- £ 836 11 3*

— *5 —

There remains justly due on account of said Voyage, as they compute and believe, no more than - £.835 16 3!

You. 32.

And the said Commissioners, by their Answer, said, Dalbv’s these Allowances were all the Allowances they made the Owners of other Ships who made the same Voyage in Company with Weeks.

5 th Dec. 1750. Mr. Weeks died, having made his Will, and Edward Downes, Executor, who, having proved such Will, filed his Bill of Revivor against the several Defendants; and the Cause being revived, Harley put in his Answer, and declared, he was ready and willing to permit his Name to be made use of in any Action at Law, or other Proceedings to be had on the Charter Party, as the Court should direct, being indemnified.

And the Attorney General, by his Answer, said, he was a Stranger to these Matters, but hoped the Court would take Care the Commissioners, or the Crown, were not charged with the Plaintiffs Demands, other than such as should clearly appear to be reasonable and just.

December 1752. Mr. Downes having replied to the Answers, and Itfue being joined, divers Witnesses were examined on both Sides, and the Cause came oil to be heard on several Days: And, on the 21st February 1753, the Court ordered and decreed, that the Bill should be, and was retained for a Year, with Liberty, in the mean Time, for the Plaintiff to bring his. Action as he should think proper, and the surviving Commissioners to admit the Execution of the Charter Party, mentioned in the Pleadings, in the Cause, as their Act and Deed, and all further Direct ions were thereby reserved, for which Purpose, all Parties were at Liberty to resort back to the Court from time to time, as there should be Occasion.

27th Nov. 1753. The Plaintiff appealed, from the Decree of the Court of Exchequer, to the House of Lords, praying their Lordships to reverie the Decree, or grant him such Relief as they should fee meet.

1754, January 28th and 29th. On the 28th and 29th of January the Appeal was heard, when their Lordships were pleased to order, that in the Decree, after the Words be retained for," the Words "aYear"be left out, and the Words "Two Years" be inserted instead thereof; and that after the Words " for the Plaintiff to " bring," the Words " his Action" be left out, and the Words " an Action in the Name of the said Henry Harley" inserted instead thereof; and that after the Words " as their Act and Deed," these Words be added,

" And in case the Deposition of the said Henry Harley " shall be offered to be read at the Trial of the said " Action, the Respondents shall not make any Objection thereto by reason of his being named Plaintiff, in

such Action, and saving to the said Respondents all " other Objections, either to the Competency or Credit " of the said Henry Harley; and upon the Consent of " the Respondent’s Counsel at the Bar, it is further " ordered, that notwithstanding the Death of the said " Henry Harley, the Appellant be at Liberty to proceed " in his Name, as if living, and "no Advantage to be " taken on the said Trial, or by Writ of Error, on " account of his, Death: And it is further ordered " and adjudged, that with these Variations and Additions, the said Decree be, and the same is hereby " affirmed."

Easter Term 1754. In pursuance of this Liberty given by the House of Lords, an Action was brought in the Court of Exchequer in the Name of the

Captain, against Mr. Salufbury, and the other Commissioners, wherein the Plaintiff declared, after stating the Charter Party first, that the Ship was ready the Day following, to have received the Provisions on board, but the Commissioners from thence for 54 Days neg-ledted to load her, whereby she was. detained, and could not be ready to fail from Gravesend according to Plaintiffs Agreement in the Charter Party, but was detained from failing from Gravesend for 14 Days beyond the Time agreed, by means whereof the Plain-

tiff

4i 6

18° Apr

A. 176^9.

Dalby's Petition for

Compensatimt.

tiff was put to great Expence, and loft the Profit of his Ship during that Time.

Secondly. — That on the lift January, Plaintiff received on board 133 Tons and § of Provisions, and ligned Bills of Lading, and on 24th received Sailing Orders to go to the Downs, which she did, and arrived there the 8th of February, and applied for Convoy, but none was appointed; that though Wind and Weather would have permitted him to fail from the Downs to Spit head, yet the Plaintiff and Ship were, by the Sailing Orders, prevented from failing to for

want of Convoy, and was detained there for 17 Days, until the Ship and Cargo were in Danger of being loft by a violent Storm; to prevent which he was obliged to ent his Cables, and leave his Anchors, and was driven to Sea, and arrived'at the 27th of Fe-

bruary, and Was obliged to layout £. 109. 17 in Re-|»irs, &c. of the Ship, which Damage was sustained by the Commissioners not providing Convoy, and for which they ought to make Satisfaction.

Thirdly. — For the Demurrage of the Ship at Spithead, from the 8th of March to the 18th of April, at 12 per Ton, according to the Charter Party.

Fourthly. — For that after the Detainer at Spithead, the Plaintiff, on 18th April 1744, in pursuance of Sailing Orders from Commodore Murray, failed -front Spithead to Lisbon; but the Convoy would not permit him to fail with such Expedition as she might have done, but kept him Three Days at ’Torbay, without just Cause.

Fifthly. — That after the Detention at Torbay, viz. 23d April, she failed under said Convoy to Lisbon, and arrived there the 3d May; and was left there by 12 Men of War: That failing from Spithead to Torbay and Lisbon, was failing out of the Course of the Voyage from Spithead to Gibraltar or Mahon, and was unnecessary, and without Cause, and the Ship could and ought to have failed from Spithead to Gibraltar or Mahon, without touching at Torbay or Lisbon; and the Wind and Weather would have permitted it: That the Plaintiff on the 20th May made his Protest of these Detainers; and his being left at Lisbon: — That when she was left there, the Ship was ready to have failed from Lisbon to Gibraltar or Mahon, and the Wind would have permitted j and the Commissioners ought, according to the Charter Party, to have provided a proper Convoy, which they neglected to do till the 30th of August; and that before and at the making the Charter Party, the Plaintiff was bound on a Voyage with the Ship from London to Nevis, to take in a Cargo of Sugars there of the Growth of 1744, to be brought to London, for which Purpose (after the Charter Party, viz. 2d December) the Ship was fitted out with 12 Months Provisions for the said Voyage to Gibraltar and Mahon, and after being dischargea at Gibraltar or Mahon, the Ship was to have failed to Nevis, and there to have received Sugars of the Growth of 1744, to be brought to London; and so to finish her Voyage Out and Home; but by failing to Torbay and Lisbon, and being detained there, said intended Voyage to Gibraltar or Mahon and Nevis, and so to London, Was totally defeated: — That Defendants were requested to satisfy Plaintiff for the Damages occasioned by the Deviation, and Detention at Torbay and Lisbon, but that they had not made him any Satisfaction for the Damages occasioned by the Deviation and Detention, which they ought to have done according to the Charter Party.

Sixthly. — That after the Detentions at Torbay and Lisbon, the Ship failed the 30th August from Lisbon for

Gibraltar, but was detained Twelve Days on the Sea; and arrived at Gibraltar the 14th of September; and on the 15th made his Protest, and claims a Satisfaction for that Detainer.

Seventhly. — That the Ship was detained at from the 14th of September, till the 23d of October, without being unloaded, though Plaintiff was required to and did go into the Harbour and moor his Ship

22

there; and was ready so havfe unloaded her Cargo, or to have proceeded, without mooring the Ship at Gibraltar, directly from thence to Mahon: — That being detained at Gibraltar was a great Expence in Wages and Provisions, and refitting the Ship beyond Sea; and totally prevented his fitting her at Home j and receiving and carrying an Outward bound Freight from thence in 1745 That after the Arrival at Gibraltar, the Wind was fair fof failing to Mahon; and the Commissioners ought to have found a proper Convoy for that Purpose; but they did not, till the 30th of October, provide a proper Convoy, but neglected so to do, and thereby obstructed him from proceeding; for which they ought to have made Satisfaction, but refuse.

Eighthly. — That on the 23d of October, the Plaintiff, pursuant to Admiral Osborne's Orders, failed from Gibraltar, and, arrived at Mahon the 13th of;

and was ready to have delivered her Cargo, which the did on the 12th of December-, and took a Receipt from Mr. Revell, whereby there became due for Freight £. 267, which the Commissioners have not paid.

Ninthly. — That the Ship was detained at Mahon, Six Days beyond the Twenty working Days for which there became due for Demurrage £. 15. 15s. 6 which Plaintiffs have not paid.

1755. Jan. 10th. The Commissioners havingpleaded generally that they had not broke their Covenant, the Cause was tried at Guild-Hall before Lord Chief Baron Parker 1 the Jury gave a Verdict for the Plaintiff on all the Breaches assigned in the Declaration, with Damage as follows; viz.

£ s. d.

On the First Breach, which is for Twelve Days Detainer in the River for want of Loading - - - 45 o jf

On the Second Breach, which is for Seventeeen Days Detention in the Downs, for want of Convoy - - 63 14 10J

On the Third Breach, which is for One Month and Ten Days Demurrage at Spithead, at 12s. per Ton, per Calendar Month, according to the Charter Party - -

On the Fourth Breach, which is for Two Days Detainer at Torbay, and Three Months and Twenty-seven Days Detention at Lisbon whereby th Voyage was loft - - ’ -

On the Fifth Breach, which is for T wclve Days Detainer at Sea, off Cape Saint Vincent -

On the Sixth Breach, which is for One Month and Nine Days Detainer at Gibraltar -

On the Seventh Breach, which is for the Freight to Mahon, at 40J. per Ton, according to Charter Party - -

On the Eighth Breach, which is for 1 .

Demurrage at Mahon, Six Days beyond the Twenty working Days, at Twelve Shillings per Ton, according to the Charter Party - - - 22 11 o

In all £. 1,307 3 2

All which Damages for the said several Detainers were computed at the Rate of Ton, per Calendar

Month, with Interest to the Time of bringing this Action.

1756, 7«/y 19th. The Cause in Equity for furtther Directions on this Verdict was heard; when the Court made the following Minutes of their Decree; but no further Proceedings had been have in that Cause.

Trinity Term in the 29th and 30th Years of the Reign of King George the Second, 1756.

Monday,

151 14 9 .

451 5 10

45 ® 3$$

r

«47 9 9i 380 6 5

-Btgrtrzed by

9 Geo. III.

18* Apr His.

Monday, 19th July 1756.

Court full. Downes against the Commissioners of

Victualling.

Mr. Bignellopens the same -Record of Nisi Prius

and Postea read: — Mr. Starkie for Plaintiff; and Mr.

Perrott, and Mr. Cornyn, Mr. Attorney General, for the Crown and the Commissioners: — Answer of Richard

Hail, Fol. 40 to 45.

The Plaintiff to have the £. 1307. lit. recorded

by the Verdict, with subsequent Interest, on the several principal Sums, from the Time of the last. Computation; and with Costs at Law; and as to the Costs in Equity, to Hand over to next Term for the Judgment of the Court.

1756, Jan. 17. After the Trial respecting the Hope, the Commissioners caused a Computation to be made of

what was due to Mr. Dalby for the Francis, for her several Detainers at Torbay, Lisbon, off Cape Saint Vincent, and at Gibraltar, in which last was included t,he Five Days the was out delivering Provisions to the Fleet, at the same Rate of izs. per Ton, per Calendar Month, with Interest, and the same amounted to£. 939.17 +d. they caused that Sum to be tendered to him; and at the same Time delivered a Copy of the Computation; but Mr.

Dalbyrefufed to receive the Money.

The Computation was as follows:

An Account of the several Sums which the Commissioners of the Victualling are now ready to pay Mr. Francis Dalby, for the Demurrage, &c. of his Ship the Francis, in her Voyage to Port Mahon,

for the Demurrage or Detention of the Ship at Torbay, from 21st to 23d s. d.

April 1744, being Two Days, on i8i Tons, 4-er-tr of Provisions, at iaj. pet Ton, per Calendar Month - . - 7 j 6J

For the Demurrage or Detention at

UJbon, from 3d May to 30th August

1744, being 3 Months 27 Days - 425 7 1

For the Demurrage or Detention at Sta, off Cape Saint Vincent, from 31st

August to nth September 1.744, being iz\ Days - - - 43 1 5

For Demurrage or Detention at Gibraltar, from 14th September to 13d October, when (he failed from thence to Mahon, being One Month, Nine Days - - 141 15 8

Interest on £.*617. 7 9 from

30th July 1745, being Six Months

after the Bill for Freight was dated, to 20th January 1756, both Days in* eluded, is 10 Years 163 Days, at 5 per Cent, per Annum - -

6*7 7 9

3* 9 H £-939 *7 3l

Nicholas Terntor, a Withefs produced for Dalby, proved, that when a Ship is hired by the Government for a particular Voyage, and is discharged at her Delivery Port, the Government has nothing more to do with her, but from thenceforth she is in the Power and at the Ril'que of the Owner.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Confident on of the Committee of the whole Hourse, to whom It is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Preventing The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-IMruftiou solve itlelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the 01 MiU*. Bill for the more effectual Punishment of such Persons as: shall demolish, or pull down, or otherwise destroy or spoil any Mill or Mills a Vor.. 32.

4*7

Resolved, That this rHouse will, To-tftorrow Morn-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houft, upon the {kid Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee Culture of

of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider riw of what further Encouragement it may be proper to give to the Growth and Culture of raw Silk in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the further Encouragement of the Growth and Culture of raw Silk in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Bounty on the Importation of raw Silk* of the Growth and Produce of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, will be a proper Encouragement for promoting the Growth and Culture thereof in the said Colonies and Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this. Committee,

That a Bounty br granted upon raw. Silk, of the Produce of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in imported directly from America, under proper Regula* tions, into the Port of London, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, in Manner following; that is to say, during the first Seven Years, the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of such raw Silk; during ihe next Seven Years, the Sum of Twenty Pounds for: every Hundred Pounds Value of such raw Silk; and during the last Seven Years, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of such raw Silk; and that l'uch Bounty be paid out of His Majesty’s Customs.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth,

Mr. Rice, Mr. Eliot, Mr., Jenyns, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Robinson, and the Lord d>

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Resolution, which was Yesterday reported Way* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it ,nd ^lean* was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which was then agreed to by the House, Was again read; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Annual Sum of One thousand " Five hundred Pounds, granted to His Majesty, to be " paid to the principal Secretaries of State, to be distributed among the Clerks in their respective Offices,

" in Compensation for the Advantages which such " Clerks enjoyed from their sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, be-. " fore the Commencement of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds and Abul'es,

" in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and " Packets free from the Duty of Postage, " be charged " upon, and made payable out of, the Revenues arising " in the General Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office " of Postmaster General."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Thurs-

day last, were reported from the Committee or the whole 5 O House*

Wcbb'a

and othtrt petition for Relief.

Ditto.

418 18° — 19° Aprilis. 1769.

House to whom it was referred to consider farther of . Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the RefoTution now read.

Mr. Brick dale reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of Henry Webb, Agent for Glover

and John Bill, Merchants and Co-partners, in the City of Bristol, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition} and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth; viz.

The Petitioner informed your Committee, That he is Mailer of the Snow Betjey and Hannah belonging to Bristol; that Melfrs. Glover and Bill, in July lall, sent Orders to their Agent at James River, in Virginia, to get ready a Cargo of Wheat against the Arrival of the Snow: — That me lailed for her Voyage from Bristol the Third of August, but meeting with tempestuous Weather and great Damage, did not arrive in Virginia, till the Twelfth of October, which was a Voyage of Eleven Weeks: — That the usual Voyage is not more than Six or Seven WeeksThat by reason of the unavoidable Repairs necessary, (he could not be loaded and cleared from the Custom House there till the 24th of December: — That meeting with bad Weather in her Return, and shipping many oeas, (he did not arrive at Bristol, till the 4th of February last, which was after the Time limited by Act of Parliament, for importing Corn Duty freeThat the said Glover and Bill then applied to the Treasury and the Custom House in London, for Liberty to land the Wheat Duty free, or to re-export it: — That such Liberty could not be obtained; but upon depositing £.155 for the Duty they were allowed to land a Part to examine the Condition of the whole Cargo) when it appeared very much damaged, by having shipped so many Seas; and by the Ship being weakened in her Sides by the bad Weather: — That the Wheat continues to grow much worse, and is not fit for any foreign Market.

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill upon the Second of the Resolutions, which upon Monday the 10th Day of this lnstant April, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what, Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and was then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, to permit Joseph Glover and John Bill, of the City of Bristol, Merchants, to land a Cargo of Wheat confiding of 4,500 Bushels, or thereabouts; and to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Cudoms to return the said Joseph Glover and John Bill the Sum paid by them, as a Deposit for the Duty of the said Wheat.

t

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mowing, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19* Aprtlis;

Anno 9* Georgii III*" Regis, 1769. Prayers.

SI R John Delaval reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the capital Messuage or Mansion House, called Persy Lodge, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Bucks, devised by the Will of the Mod noble Frances, late Duchess Dowager of Somerset j and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Dther Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee 1 and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Delaval do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields; Commonable Lands, nd Waste Grounds in the Parish of in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certaio Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wooton, in the County of Oar-ford.

Ordered That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

% An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of within the Manor

and Parish of Ancaster, in the County of Lincoln, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide . be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Sudbrook, within the Manor and Parish of Ancaster, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Cist do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making a Road from the South End of Black Friars Bridge to the present Turnpike Road cross St. George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill dp pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Road from the South End of Black Friars Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross St. George’s Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called 'Ihe Dog and Duck, and to -

ton Butts, in the County of Surrey , and for empowering

the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to repair, light, and watch, the said Roads, when made.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable William Wcdjh, heretofore

called

Duchess of Somerset’*

Will.

Wooton

Inclosure.

Sudbrook

Inclosure.

Blackfriar’*

Bridge

Road.

WaHh’s

Name.

Foundation

of

Queen’s

Collage

Oxford.

Preventing Pestruction of Mills# See.

Twifleton’i

Pxvenhtni

Ineloforr.

Geo. III. ip* ApriVi. 419

called William Mofelev, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of W pursuant to the Will of William Waljh, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable William Waljh, heretofore called William Mofelty, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Waljh, pursuant to the Will of Wit-Ham Waljh, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Waljh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Roger Newdigate reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Establishment of the Foundation of John Michel', Esquire, in the Queen's , in the

University of Oxford; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Newdigate do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of such Persons as shall demolish, or pull down, or other* wife destroy, or spoil, any Mill or Mills, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for more effectually preventing the destroying of Engines for draining Water from any Mine of Lqad, Tin, Copper, or other Mineral, or any Bridge, or Waggon Way, used in conveying the same from such Mine.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Thomas Twifleton and Francis Twijle-ton, Esquires, the Purchasers of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, belonging to James Nefs, Gentleman, and Charlotte his Wife, as to the Payment of their Purchase Money, and settling the same for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed so Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Wrottesley, See.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and melding the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberty of Pavenham, in the County of , was

committed. That the Committee had examined the Alle-legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and' that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. _

Vol. 32.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Bri-/aarcalled England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and indoling several Open Fields, Common Pallures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Township of Bishop Wilton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1.1.1£. Leave out M Hinted.’*

and 3? } Leave out " immemorially.*

Pr. 17.1. »6. After " Chattels*’ insert " Provided " nevertheless, that all and every the " Claim and Claims of Right of Common, or other Property, 44 Right, or Interest, in any of the " Fields, lngs. Common Pallures, 44 and Parcels of Land and Grounds " above mentioned, except as to the Allotments for Tythes, and Eo* " clefiallical Dues, which shall ap~ 44 pear doubtful to the said Commit sioners, or any Two of them, or to which any Objection shall be made by any of the Parties interelled, or their respective Agents; K at the next Meeting of the famd " Commissioners, pursuant to this " Act, after such Claim shall be " delivered in, shall be heard, examined, and finally determined, " by Peter Johnson, of the City of " York, Esquire, and Richard niffe, of the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, 44 Esquire, who are hereby appoint- ed Arbitrators for the Purposes " aforesaid; and the said Ar^itra-‘44 tors, or such Umpire as they shall appoint in case of Difa- greement between them; which they are hereby authorised and directed to elect and appoint; 44 shall, with all convenient Speed, " proceed to hear and determine all such Claims and Objections " upon their own View, the Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath, either of the said Arbitrators is hereby empowered to administer) or by such other Evidence, Proof, Ways, or Means, 4> as by them the said Arbitrators shall be thought proper: And the laid Arbitrators shall make and execute their Award in Writing under their Hands and Seals concerning the Matters so referred to them within Six Months next after passing of this Act, or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be; and such Award shall be conclusive to all Parties whatso- ever, and shall be inrolled, together with the other Award hereby di-"reded to be made; and the feme,

44 or

Militia.

Bishop

Wilton

Inclosure*

4^0 i of Aprilis: 1769L

"or the Itiralment thereof, or a " Copy of such fnrolment respectively, shall be allowed as Evi- dence in all Courts whatsoever: " And if either of the said Arbitrators shall die, or refuse to act, " the said Commissioners, or any " Two of them, shall, and they are " hereby required by Writing under their Hands and Seals from " time to time, to elect and appoint One fit Person, being a Barrider at Law, in the place of such " Arbitrator so dying, or refuting to ' , " aft: which Person, so elected and

" appointed, shall and may aft in the Premises as fully to all Intents " and Purposes as if he had been " hereby appointed and named ArbitratOf; which Writing or Writings of Appointment shall be " inrolled, and the Evidence thereof given, in the same Manner as " herein before is enacted concern-Sng the Award to be made by the " said Commissioners."

And thcTwo Firfi of the said Amendments, being severally. read a Second Time, were, upon the Question (everally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Thepext Amendment being read a Second Time}

An Amendment was proposed to-be made thereto, by inserting after the Words "in all Courts whatsoever," and before the Words " and if either" these Words, " and " the like Fees shall be paid for the said Award of the " said Arbitrators as are herein directed concerning the Award of the said Commissioners; and in case any extraordinary ExpenCes be incurred by reason of such " Difference or Dispute, and the said Arbitrators or " the said Umpire shall think there was not reasonable " Cause for the fame, the said Arbitrators, or in case " of arty Disagreement between them, the Umpire, so " to be elected as aforesaid, shall and may by Writing under their Hands respectively, award such Costs " as they shall think reasonable to the Party or Parties " in whose favour they shall determine; the same to be "levied by Distress and Sale, in like Manner as in case " of Distresses upon Warrants of Justices of the Peace, " of the Goods and Chattels of the Party against whom " such Dispute or Claim shall be determined; such " Costs to be applied in discharging the Expences oc-. " cafioned by such Claim or Difference, rendering the " Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such " Goods and Chattels."

And the femewas, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. . *

Then the said Amendment, thus amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir George do carry the Bill to the

Lords and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, with an Amendment to One of them; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

[ 9

Severne Mr. JVal/h reported from the Committee to whom

Bridge. the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Severn, in the City of Worcester, and for opening convenient Avenues to and from the same, whs committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s. Table: Where, the Amendments were -- J 18

Once read throughout; and, then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that when the Tolls cease the Bridge shall be kept in Repair by those Who by Law are obliged to do it.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bilh

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for veiling Part of the real Estate, devised and directed Shelburne'* to be purchased, by the Will of Henry Earl of Shel- WtU* burnt, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and in <foken-house Yard, in the Parish of St. , Loth-

bury, in the City of London, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale or Mortgage thereof, in the Purchase of Manors,

Lands, or- Hereditaments, in England, to be settled to the Uses of his said Will: and for enabling the Persons therein mentioned to grant such Leases as are. therein expressed j was read thie Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

To leave out from " Yard" to " London"

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.’

Resolved', That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pase.

Ordered, That Colonel Barri do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, with One Amendment, to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of theif Lordships.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Expiring who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, upon L*Ws-fcc* the Second of the Resolutionr, which, upon Monday the ioth Day of this Instant April, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and which was then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills,

Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

The House was moved, that the Resolutiort, which* w*y* upon the ioth Day of this Instant April, was reported and Mean*. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom- ft was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same Was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followed); viz.

" Resolved, That the Sum of Four hundred thousand " Pounds, which, by an Act, made in the Seventh Year " of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act’ for " establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the " Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a " limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect " of the Territorial Acqui fit ions and Revenues lately ob-tained in the East Indies, is directed to be paid, within the present Year, into the Receipt of His Majesty V " Exchequer, by the said Company, be applied towards*

" making good the Supply granted to His Majesty ."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Ditto, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the.Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday the 41th'Day of this Instant April, were reported from the

9 Geo. III. 19° dprilis421

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Me,ans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolu- tion now read.

Supply Bill; - An ingrossed Bill to continue certain Laws therein Rice' mentioned, for granting for a limited Time, a Liberty (o carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of and North Carolina and Ge, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as js now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colpnies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape , was read the Third

Time.

Refalved, That the Bill do paf$: And that the Title

be. An Act to continue certain Laws therein mentioned, for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty avis now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre.

Ordered, That Mr. Garth do carry the Bill to the Eords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Meflige from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

Oxford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 10 for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from Caoal!T Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of,

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdiew„

Supply Bill; Mr. Rice presented to the House, according to Order,

'Culture of Bill for further encouraging the Growth and Culture of Haw Silk; Raw silk, in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Magdalen The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee,

HospituL to whom -the: Bill for the establishing and well-governing a House for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment', of Penitent Prostitutes; and for extinguishing the Right of Common of and in certain Lands in St. George's Fields, in the Parish of St. George the,

in the County of Surre, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to- the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or-Lottery. der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty, a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Drawback A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-on posed. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next.

Coffee, &c. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 7 th Year of the Reign of Vol. 32.

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from this Kingdom, of Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware, exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations.

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mea*. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House S^ply. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty i . ’

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to taker penmaen into Consideration. the Report which was made from the Maur Committee, to whom the Petition of the Nobility and R®»d. Gentry, Inhabitants of the several Counties of North Wales, on Behalf of themselves and others, and all the Nobility, Gentry, and others, travelling through the County of Carnarvon to Ireland, by Way of Holyhead, was referred.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth,

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

Terence Pendegrace Williams, Hugh Davies, John Parry,

Hugh Lloyd, Esquires, and Hugh Griffith, Clerk, being severally examined, said. That the Road over Maur, is the shortest Communication between London and Holyhead, the Station of the Packets that pass from England to Dublin.

That the Tolls of the Turnpike Road in the County of Carnarvon, and from the Mountain of Penmaen Maur, through that Part of the Turnpike Road, which is not more than 15 Miles in Extent, are yet higher than the Tolls upon any Turnpike Road whatever.

That these very heavy Tolls will, in the Opinion of the Witnesses, be barely sufficient to make even that short Extent of a Turnpike Road, as it pafles through a Country naturally almost inaccessible.

That the Road of Penmaen Maur, which extends for more than a measured Mile upon the Edge of a most dangerous Precipice, in some Parts more than 30 ©Feet in Height, is now so much undermined by the Sea, that in many Places the Road is so much wore away, that it is not more than 6 Feet 5 Inches in Breadth, without any Protection from the Danger of the Precipice.

That the present Road will admit of only One Carriage to pass.

That the Mountain, which rises to a very great Height above the Road, is covered entirely with loose Stone and broken Rock, which frequently falls, and not only renders the Road often impassable, but extremely hazardous to all Travellers.

That His Majesty’s Lord Lieutenants in travelling to Holyhead to embark for Dublin, have been detained at the Town of Conway, till the Road has with infinite Labour been cleared of the large Quantities of broken Rock and loose Stones, that have rendered the Road for some Time impassable.

That the Mail and Exprefies going to and from Ireland, are frequently delayed by the Danger and Impossibility of passing this Road.

That the Road from Penmaen Maur, has at a very S P great

Preventing Destruction of Mills.

Supply.

Lanebam

&c.

Drainage.

422

t

19® — 10° Aprilis.

A. 1769.

great Expence, and with infinite Labour, been supported fqr many Years by the Inhabitants of North Wales, and by very large Subscriptions from belaud; and that the Inhabitants of North Wales are unable any longer to support so great an Expence.

That a new Road at the Foot of Penmatn Maur has been planned, and estimated by an eminent Surveyor, which Estimate amounts to 3000.

That by this new intended Road, if carried into Execution, a certain and safe Communication will be formed between London and Holyhead, and will be of mutual Advantage to Great Britain and Ireland.

That all Intelligence between the Two Kingdoms, will be more certain and more expeditious.

That a great Expence will be saved to Government, by the Embarkation of Troops from Holyhead to Dublin, where they will be landed immediately for the Defence of the Capital of Ireland, and more conveniently stationed in Times of War or Invasion.

That by the intended new Road, the very dangerous Passage from Park-gate to Dublin may be avoided, which Passage is subject to great Delays and moil imminent Danger.

That the Port of Holyhead is so well situated for the Station of the Packets, that almost in all Weather the Packets pass from Holyhead to Dublin; that the Passage is frequently performed in Seven Hours, and generally in Eleven Hours.

That it has never been remembered, that the Packets ia passing from Holyhead to Dublin, have ever been loft.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Holife, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Littlebrough, Sturtan, Fenton, and West Burton, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Low Grounds in the Parishes or Townships of Laneliam, Rampton, Freftwell, South Levertou, North Lever ton, Habblefthorpe otherwise Apefthorpe, Littlebrough,

Sturton, Fenton, and West Burton, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more Leicester effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-feVenth Year of to King George the Second, for repairing and widening the P^nc^ley Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester *

to Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and other Roads, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and from Leicester to Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and other Roads, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and from Leicester to Hinckley, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for tire more effectual Punishment of such Persons as shall demolish, or pull down, or otherwise destroy or Ipoil, any Mill or Mills.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Hoyfe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 20* d Aprilis j

Anno 9* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1769. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Low Grounds in the Parishes or Townships of Lane ham, RamptonTrefwell, South Lever-

ton, - North Leverton, Habblefthorpe otherwise Apefthorpe, . 21

Mr. Alderman 7 'recothickreported from the Commit- preventing

tee, to whom the Bill for preventing the cutting and the gaihing gashing of Sheep and Lamb Skins 1 and for enforcing *»!"**-the Sale of such Skins in public Markets; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a *

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Brecon the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ,

the clefting of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the room

of fhomas Morgan, Esquire, deceased.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is con- Adome cerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosfng the Com- Inclosure. moo Fields, Common Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Aclome, in the East Riding of the County of York, which Bill was, upon the 7 th Day of March last, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Alderman Trecothtck reported from the Com- Cealheaven. mittee, to whom the Petition of the poor labouring Coal-

bcavers.

9 Geo. III.

ct<f Afr

heavers, working upon the River Warns*, was referred,'' That the Committee bad examined the Matter of Fast; contained in the said Petition; and bad directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at . the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read s and is as followeth j viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition is as follows; viz.

Mr. Jeremiah Prendergarfi* a Coal Whipper, being examined, said, the Coal Undertakers have deduced from him and the rest of the Coal-heavers, Three Half-. pence per Score, without regard to the Price — That the Price is from One Shilling to Three Shillings per Score — and that when a Ship is unloaded, each Man pays One Pdhny to the Servant of the House — that they are obliged to take Beer, whether they work or not t and when they work, each Man takes a Pot of Beer on < board. — If they do not take Beer from the Coal Undertakers Houses, they are dismissed. — In opposition to the Office under the Act, the Coal Undertakers introduced a new Set of People, under the Name of Basket-Men, and gave them Two-pence per Scare more than, the Office Price, until the Office was (hut up, when they reduced the Price to its former State, and deducted Three Half pence per Score — no Obligation to take Beer

while the Office was open. — That the Office was again opened in July last — and that many of the Coal-heavers now work under the Direction of the Office; that the Coal Undertakers won’t employ any Labourers that pay to the Office, if they can get any that do not.

James Neal,a Coal Whipper, said, That the Coal Undertakers have deducted Three Pence out of One Shilling — a Score from One Shilling to Two Shillings and Six-pence j he has received Two Shillings per Score — that he worked a Ship of Ten Score at Twa Shillings per Score, for which he received Eighteen Shillings, and the Coal Undertaker took the other Two Shillings. — That last Christmas was Twelve Months he-worked a Ship of about Thirteen Score at One Shilling, for which a Deduction was made of Threfc Pence per Score. — That Labour is lower in Winter than Summer, Work being then scarce, of which they take Advantage. — The Undertakers give the Preference to those that allow the greatest Deductions.

Being asked, What Service the Coal Undertakers do them for the Money they flop

He said, None at all; if no Undertakers they should not be obliged to go to their Houses to spend their Money. VThe Office (tops One Shilling per Pound out of their Labour which is applied to defray the Charge of the Office, and to support their Poor, and bury their Dead.

Owen Harrington* a Coal Whipper, said. He and Eight more worked the Ship Dulje, Captain last

Chrijhnas was Twelve Months, for James Man* that the Work came to betwixt 11 and 12 and he stopt Jj. as a Drawback. — That their Gang, about Three Years ago, agreed with the Mailer of a Ship to unload her at 18 d. per Score; upon Application to the Master for their Wages, they were directed to go to Mr. Man. — Mr. Man would not pay them without an Allowance of Three Pence per Score; and they were obliged to arrest the Master for their Wages — That they are obliged to take a Pot of Beer a-piece on board, and another at Night, which Beer is not fit for Christians to drink * and if they do not comply with this, they will not employ than. '

A Memberpresent informed your Committee, That the Act wasdefeftive — that the Coal Undertakers oppress the poor Labourers, and are in Combination with Matters of Ships — that the late Riots were through the Instiga-tion of Coal Undertakers — that the Publicans oblige them to take a Quantity of Bier.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed

Voi.,32.

423

in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,. intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coal-heavers working upon the River ‘Thames * and for enabling them to make a Provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or pad their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans: And that Mr. Alderman Trecothick, Mr.

Ridley* Mr. Fuller* Sir Francis Sir Thomas

Clavering* and Mr. Vane* do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill for building a Chapel at Plymouth St‘c^u^n’* Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damcrell, in the County of Plymouth Devon, was read the Third Time. - Dock.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerell, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill j djer, a- Bill for better securing the Duties of Customs Duties of upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports, and Customs, &c. other Places,. to London for- allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland* a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences.; for the better Preservation cf . >hies.

Thorns, and Quicksets, in Foiel daces, and private Grounds: and of Trees and Underwoods, in Forests and Chaces, and for authorizing the Exportation of a Quantity to be limited, of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall* in the Islands of Orkney: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Relief of Devon the Poor in the County of Devon, was read the Third Poor’sRelief. Time.

Resolved,*That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Relief of the Poor in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill» der, a Bill, for discontinuing, upon the Exportation of Iron imported in foreign Ships, the Drawback of such 10 *

Part of the Duties payable thereon, as exceeds the Duties payable upon Iron imported in Brittfli Ships; to prohibit the Exportation of Pig and Bar-Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless first tendered to the Commissioners of the Navy, to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as discontinued the Drawback upon foreign rough Hemp exported* and for providing a Compensation so the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantage such Clerks enjoyed, before the Commencement of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage: And the same was received and read the*First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according so Or- Supply Bill; der, a Bill for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Sorvice of the Year One thousand Seven Monies, hundred and Sixty-nine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded* That the Bill be read a Second Time.

'Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill; der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty, a certain Sum 5mk»ngFund. of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for apply-

ing

t

Bricks,

&c.

Harbour

Mowings, 5cc.

Supply Bill

Lotttry.

Suprlv Bill; Mili id.

Duties on Leather.

424 2o

ing a cetain Sum rthcrein mentioned, for the Service

o.

of the Year 1769: And the same was received; and read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reviving several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King the First,

and in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles; for indemnifying such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits; and for allowing further Time for paying Rates and Duties omitted to be paid, upon Contracts with Clerks, Apprentices, and Servants; for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for re-paying to Joseph Glover and John Bill, the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of "Wheat, and for allowing the same to be landed for Home Consumption: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Moorings, and Punishment of Persons guilty of dealing or embezzling His Majesty’s Naval Stores; or of Forgery or Perjury, in relation to Seamens Wages.

Mr. -Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

: A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itlblf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to permit the free Importation of certain raw Hides ind Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, for a Time to be limited; and for taking off

the Duties upon Seal Skin', tanned, tawed, or drelfed. In this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in lieu thereof; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or executing any of His Majesty’s Orders of Council, prohibiting the Importation of Hides, Horns, and Hoofs of infefted Cattle, and to authorize the

A. 1769.

Supply; Culture of raw Silk.

Preventing Destru&ioa ot Mills*

Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for further encouraging the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk, in His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committeof the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effoftual Punishment of such Persons as shall demolish or pull down, or otherwise destroy/or spoil any Mill or Mills, be nowread.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House, will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by E"-1

this House to the Title of the Bill, intituled, an Act wS. for veiling Part of the real Estate devised, and directed to be purchased, by the Will of Henry Earl of,

in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and in Token-house Yard, in the Parish of St. Margaret, ,in the

City of London, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale or Mortgage thereof in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, "or Hereditaments, in England, to be settled to the Uses of his said Will, and for enabling the Persons therein mentioned to grant such Leases as are therein expressed:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act East India for carrying into Execution, certain Proposals made by Company, the East India Company, for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds for a limited

Time, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for making perpetual an Act, made in the First Year of Coinage, the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for the Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, without any Amendment: And

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields,

Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several

Manors and Lordships of Laughton-en-l Slade

Hoot on, and Hoot on Slade, in the Parish of le Mori hen, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The

Insolvent

Debtors.

Laughton-

en-!e-

Morthen

Incbsure,

9 Geo. III. ao° — 2

Huffman’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ^at* naturalizing John ChriflianHoffman; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mdl'engers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Trustees for repairing and widening the Road leading from Ta/y Cafn in

the County of Carnarvon, and through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and Carnarvon, to the Town of Pwllhely, in the same County, to be applied for making a new Road at the Foot of the Mountain of Penmaen Maur, and thereby securing a certain Communication between Great Britain and Ireland, by Way of Holyhead.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Exports Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported worn from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Jersey, fcc. to permit the Inhabitants of Jersey and to

export, directly from thence, to Newfoundland, or the British Colonies in Am, Goods necessary for the Fishery, under certain Restrictions; and to import from thence non-enumerated Goods, and to land the same in the said Islands; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by . One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, W'ith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Birmingham The other Order of the Day being read/ for the Streets. Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages, within the Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein;

The CounfeJ for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, in Behalf of themselves and others, was also read.

.And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in support of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel for the Bill was heard, and examined several Witnesses in support of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard, by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to with* draw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And the Amendment following being proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 24. To leave put from " Months" to u then" in 1. 32.

And a Debate arifingin the House thereupon;

Vol. 32.

i* Aprilis. 42 5

Ordered, That the Debate.be adjourtted till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com1 Pulteney’t mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Will, tituled. An Act to impower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulleney to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a free Bridge, by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said County; and also to impower the Persons in Possession of the said Estate for the Time being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor; and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds and Springs of Water, within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens of Bath; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is* committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 21" die Aprilis;

Anno 9° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1769.

Prayirs.

AMefiage from His Majesty, by Mr. Quarme Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty. 1

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended Royal His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty Assent was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several pub- to lie and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals, made by the Faff India Company, for the Payment of the Annual Sumi of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of the Territorial Acquifltions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies;

An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of Coinage of Money:

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors:

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, in the General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, of other Buildings, wherein the Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually held:

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford:

An Act for extending the Navigation of the River Colder, to Salter Hebble Bridge, and to,

in the County of York; and for repe i ng an Act for that Purpose:

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of St. Botolph, which

lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East Smithfield, in the Precinct of St. Catherine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame; and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein:

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of the Twenty-eighth of his late Majesty, for the better enlightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares,

.....5 Q - Streets

4^6 2 i* Ap. 1769.

*°ya* Assent Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the 10 ' Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great., and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish; and for impowering the Trustees in the said Act named, to pave the said Streets, and other Places within the said Parish, and to remove Annoyances and Obstructions:

An Act for the more effectual paying, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, in the Town of in the County of Lincoln; and for laying a Duty on all Coals brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the same to such Purposes:

An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of , be-

longing to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of rite Office of the Accountant General of the said Court:

An Act for the better Establishment.of the Foundation of John Michel, Esquire, in Queen's , in

the University of Oxford; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Pengate to Latcbetts , and other Roads in the County of Wilts; and for amending several Roads near adjoining to the said Roads: An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Bridge to the

Town of Haddingtoun, and from therfee to -

burn, in the County of Haddingtoun:

An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual, an Act for repairing the Road from the Coun-

ty of York, to Brough under Siainmore, in the County of , Westmoreland-, and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Castle to, Kaber Croft, and also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works at Taylor , and to Tan Hill, and Kings Pitts; and also the Road from Barrow's Brow to Middle Fell Dyke , in the said Counties; and from Tan Hill and Kings Pitts to Beck Crooks, and Punchatt Pasture IVGate to Whaw Lane Head, and by Lilly Jocks to Reeth

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from The White Post on Wood, in the Parish of to Heath,

and other Roads in the County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Golford Green to Tanner's Vent; for enlarging the Term, and Powers of the said Act with respect to the other Roads therein contained , and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Ten-terden, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Newenden, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Taly Cafn Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, and through the Towns of Comvay, Bangor, and ?

to the Town of Pwllhely, in the same County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " Maidstone, through Debt ling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, to the Ferry at Hand from the Malton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Cheadleto Botham House, and from thence to Butterlon

Moor End, in the County of

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to E/laston, in the County of Stafford; and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and ,in the said Counties of

Derby and Stafford:

An Act for felling the capital Messuage, or Manfioii

House, called Percy Lodge, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Bucks, devised by the Will of the Most noble Frances late Duchess Dowager of Somerset; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Ul’es:

An Act for vesting Part of the real Estate, devised and directed to be purchased, by the Will of Henry Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and in Token-house Yard, London, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale or Mortgage thereof, in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, in England, to be settled to the Uses of his said Will: and for enabling the Persons therein mentioned to grant such Leases as are therein expressed:

An Act for changing and altering the Course of De-feent of Copyhold Estates held of the Manor of -ly, in the County of Worcester, from the Nature of Borough English, to the Course of Descent according to

Common Law:

An Act to enable the Reverend Christopher Wilson, Doctor in Divinity, Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London, to make and grant, unto the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, a Leafeof the Prebendal Estate of Halliwell and Finsbury, in the Suburbs of the said City, for a

Term of Ninety-nine Years:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John -row, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be (old, for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the real Estates late of Richard' Chichester, Esquire, deceased, in ,in Trustees,

to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the Legacies charged upon and affecting the fame, and the interest thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancer}'; and for tire other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to impower Anthony Chapman, Esquire, to grant Leases of Part of his settled Estates, in the County of Middlesex, and City of London

An Act for dividing the Vicarage of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, with the several Chapelries or Curacies, thereto belonging, or thereon dependent, into Two separate Vicarages, and Two separate perpetual Curacies, in such Manner as is therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Corporation of the City of Bris — tol to exchange the Building of the Hospital called Elizabeth's Hospital, for the Building called The Bartholomew's in the said City; and for altering the Times for holding BriftolFairs:

An Act for inclosing and widening several Woods and Woodlands, and a certain Close or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Commons and-Waste Grounds within the Manors of Catharine End, in the Parish of Ryftip, in the County of dlesex:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common' Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other inclosed Grounds, within the Township of Youlthorpe, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Stinted Pastures, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Poppleton, and a Piece of Waste Ground called Scag/ethorpe Moor, in the Manor of Scaglethorpe, all in the County of the City of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Field*!, Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Ebberftonin the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Hutton Cranjwick, in the East Riding of the County

Geo. III. 0.1 Aprilis.427

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, and the Moor or Common, within the Township of Haxby, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Knufton, in the Parish of Ir chester, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons and.Waste Grounds within the Manor of in the County of Westmoreland

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the County of Oxford: An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, or Common, called Throughend in the Pari 111 of in the County of Northumberland

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Fleckney in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manors and Parishes of Holyrood Ampney otherwise Ampney Cruris, and Ampnty Mary otherwise Ashbrook, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Tkulfton, otherwise Thurlfton, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds of the Township or in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors and Lordships of Laugkton-en-le-Morthen, S/ade-Hooton, and Hooton-Slade, in the Parish of

en-le-Morchen, in the West Riding of the County of York:

llWworth Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is

ImMure. concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing several

Open Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham, which Bill > was, upon the 5th Day of this Instant April, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Chester An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of Two several *nd Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Seventeenth Roads *md Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Poll Road towards the City of Chester, through in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of Chester; and from Nantwich to Tarporley and from thence, through

Tarvin, in the said County of to the said City

of Chester j and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said County of Cinfer, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Poll Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of Chester , and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence, through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross-in Tarvin aforesaid.

Vo*., 32.

Ordered, That Mr. tViibraham Bootle do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effect-tual. Two Acts for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter j and for repairing and widening the Way or Street from the Causeway at the Bottom of St. David's Hill, through Northgale Street, to St. Pours Street, and rendering the Passage thereof more commodious; and for opening a Road or Highway from St. David’s Hill, through Howell's Latte, to the Oxford Inn, near the East Gate of the said City j and for repairing and widening the Road frora^the Turnpike Road at Exweek Cross, to the Smith’s Shop near Cowley Bridge, in the County of Devon j and also for repairing and widening, or re-building, Exe Bridge, in the County of Devon, and County of the City of Exeter, and fot removing Obstructions in certain Ways or Streets leading from the said Bridgej and also for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near Bars Hill Oak Corner, to the Turnpike Road at the Red Post leading to Riding Lane; and for erecting a Bridge at or near A Ford called Countess Wear, in the County of Devon’, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter j and for repairing and widening several other Roads therein mentioned; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading the reto

more commodious, and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Countess Wear, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ®arl to enable the Right honourable fames Grenville, and the Cornwallis Right honourable Charles Earl Cornwallis, to take in Qualification Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Bill* Receiver General and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Torre’s for vesting in Trustees several real Estates, late of Jane Estates* Torre, Widow, deceased, in Hefsle, Tranby, Anlaby, and elsewhefe, within the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, which were given and devised, by her Will, to and for the Benefit of the Reverend Mr. James Torre,

Clerk, her Son, and his Children, upon Trust, to sell the same, and apply the Money to arise by the Sale in Manner therein expressed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Strackey, Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s - Chamber.

Act ingrossed Bill to amend an Act of the Fifth Year Tonbridge, of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widen- . ing the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wats Cross to Caw den, in the County of Kent, so far fts

the same relates, to the Repair of the Road from Wats,

Cross to Cowden; and for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penfhurst Town to Southborough, in the said County j was read the Third Time. , .

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wats Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates

t*

Earl of Stafford’s Estates*

Exports

to

Jer%»

See.

Hitchin Sec.

Roads*

Tnng* Sec Roads*

Rollers

Estates.

Suodon

Jaclosure.

Hucknall

Torkard

Ipclefure*

A. 1769.

to the Repair of the Road from Wats Cross to Cow Jen; and for repairing; the Roads leading from Common, to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penfturfl Town to Southborough, in the said County,

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the'

Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of the Right honourable William late Earl of Stafford, deceased, in the Counties of ford and Salop, devised by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same; and for other Purposes j was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wrot-lejly, Mr. Paulett, See.: And they are to mdet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to permit the Inhabitants of ferfei and Guernsey to export, directly from thence, so New-foMndfend^ or the British Colonies in America, Goods necessary for the Fishery,- under certain Restrictions; and to» imp6rt fforri thence npn-puumerated Goods, and to land the same in the said Islands; was read the Third Time, .

1 Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title' be. An Act to permit the Inhabitants of Jersey and* Gturnfey to export, directly from thence, to Newfoundland, or the British Colonic^ i Goods necessary

Tor the Fishery, under certain Restrictions; and to import from thence non-enumerated Goods, except Rumi and td land the same in the said Islands.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do cafry the; Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

‘ ' \ k f

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Montagu' and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker, >

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Shefford Way Pofi to the Turnpike Road at Henlow, in the County, of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Hitchin, Baldock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridge; and from the West End of Well-bury, to the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging certain Estates of Denys Esquire,

in the Counties of Somerset, and Wilts, from the Uses thereof limited and declared; and for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the Purchase Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for settling other Estates in the County of Devon, of greater Value, to the like Uses j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sundon, in the County of Bedford, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Open Commonable, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hucknal Torkard, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act it

for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Lordship of Coin Saint Aldwins in the County of cester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to One of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Township of Bishop Wilton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Edward Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Township of in the East

Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to lx true; and that the Parties, concerned (except the Reverend William Pendlebury, who besides his Vicarial Tithes and Dues, is entitled to One ancient Cottage, Three Beast Gates, and Ten Sheep Gates within the said Township, who refused to consent to the Bill, and also the Archbishop of York,) had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Clavering, according to Order, reported from the; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Punishtnent of such Persons as shall demolish, or pull down, or otherwise destroy or spoil, any Mill or Mills, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year , of her late Majesty, Queen Anne, as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Mooringsj and Punishment of Persons guilty of stealing or embezzling His Majesty’s Naval Stores, or of Forgery, or Perjury, in relation to Seamens Wages j was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Ibbetson from the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital attended at

the

Coin Saint Aldwins Inclosure.

Bishop

Wilton

Inclosure*

Aclome

Inclosure*

Preventing

Destru£tiou

of Milk.

Harbour

Mooring

&c*

Greenwich

Hospital.

9 Geo. III.

Hie Door; he was called in; and, aft the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Report of the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at , of what Money

has been received out of the Rents and Profits of the

Derwentwater Estate, between she 30th November 1767* and the 1 ft of December 1768, and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth i viz.

21* u4pritis.

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 8th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of late Earl of Derwentwater and Charier Radcliffe;

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at , to contract and agree

with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, and other Persons, for the finishing and completing the Taid Hospital in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, upon the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons i and to lay their Proceeding? therein before his Majesty and both' Houses of Parliament respectively:

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital do humbly report as followeth 5 viz.

That there has been received, between the joth of November 1767 and ift December 1768, out of the Renta and Profits of the Estate 1 viz.

On Account of the Annual Rents - 8,531 1 of»

---- Lead Mines - - - - 11,4.68 18

£. 2.0,000 ——

As to the Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

Finishing the mam Building of the new Infirmary; fitting up the Officers Apartments there, and £. et. the Wards for the Sick on the East Side j which Works have been brought to Account, and amount to - - - 4,40a 14 $

Repairing the several Wards and Officers Apartments in the Hospital, the Brewhouse and Brew-house Vessels, and making some of the latter new i making an additional Store Cellar; repairing the Bakeboule, and Baker's Apartments, the Courts, Roads, Sewers, Drains, Pipes, and Furniture of the Wards; which, with other necessary Works for the Service of the Hospital, have been brought to Account, and amount to - - - 2*467 12

<£♦ 6,870 7 o

r

mmstmmmmmmmmm — mm

Jtf.B. There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, between the 30th of November 1767 and ift of December 1768, on Account of Repairs - £.1,096 15 3

By Order of the Commissioners,

Ib'betfeH.

Si April 1769

Ordered That the said Report do He upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

Supply JBHl; A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Sisfcfflg Fund. Money, out of the Sinking Fund j and for applying a certain Sum therein mentioned; for the Service of the Year 1769; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve jtself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

1

Supply Bill 1 A Bill for applying-certain Monies therein mentioned -Applying for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, was read a Second Time. onic*’ Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfdf into a Committee «£ the whole House, upon the said BilL Vn. 3*0

A Bill for better securing the Duties of Customs Supply Bifl t upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and Duties of other Places, to London', for allowing to the Receivers Custooaf, General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns,. and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and Private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods, in Forests, and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation of a Quantity, to be limited, of an inferior Sort of Barley called Bigge, from. the Port of Kirkwall, in the lil&nds of Orkney, was read a Second Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for discontinuing, upon the Exportation of Supply Bill Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Drawback of such 1^%* Part of the Duties payable thereon, asxxceeds the Duties. *

payable upon Iron imported in £r*Y j/7i‘Ships; to pro-

5 R . hibit

t

43° 2i

hibit tb£ Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron* and certain. Naval Stores, unless first tendered to the Commissioners of the Navy; to repeal so much of an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as discontinued the Drawback upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported; and for providing a Compensation to the

A. 1769.

the Streets, Lanes, Ways and Passages there, and for removing and presenting Nuisances and Obstructions therein;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill

Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, was amended at the Table accordingly.

for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

j Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

<?f the whole Hpufe.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bricks, 3cc. - A Bill for reviving several Acts, pafifed in the Twelfth ' Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the

Second- and Third Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles; for indemnifying such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits, and for allowing fur-. ther Time for pay ing Rates and Duties omitted to be paid, upon Contrafts with Clerks, Apprentices, and Servants j for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for re-paying to Joseph Glover and John Billy the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing the same to be landed for Home Confuthption; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the 'Whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 35. Pr. 25. 1. 12.

ToTeave out from- ‘'Notice" to

Middleton

Cheney

Inclosure.

" peaceably" in 1. 38.

To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " it" in 1. 13.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages within the Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for removing and preventing. Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be . raised by a Lottery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame. - 1-

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for monable Lands, in the Townships and Liberties of Up- defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the per Middleton Cheney, and Lower Middleton Cheney, in Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the County of Northampton, was committed. for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Com- One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, mittee, That the Committee had examined the Allcga- Mr. Speaker left the Chair. tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com-

that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to mittee.

the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

the Proprietors of Four Yard Lands; and that the whole. Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Number of Yard Lands intended to be inclosed, are 50); That they had gone through the Bill, and made several and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him,

Adj continent. Resolved, That this House will, at the RiGng of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do make the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, and Corn-

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ifigrossed.

Ways and Mean*

Supply Bill] Lottery.

Supply Bill; Militia.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same, '

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Birmingham S treats.

The House, according to Order, re'solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and *the British Plantations in America, for a Time to be limited; and for taking off the Duties upon Seal Skins, Tanned, Tawed, or. Dressed, in this The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in Lieu there-adjourned Debate upon the Amendment Yesterday pro- of; for indemnifying all Persons with respect to ad-posed to be made to the ingrossed Bill for laying open vifing or executing any of His Majesty’s Orders of and widening certain' Ways and Passages, within the Council, prohibiting the Importation of Hides, Horns, Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting and Hoofs, of bifefted Cattle, and to authorize the

- Prohibition

Duties o* Leather.

9 Geo. III. — 240 431

Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee, ' '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto i which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Supply Billj The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Culture of a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Raw Silk, further encouraging the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk, in His Majestjrs Colonies or Plantations in.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fitzherb&t took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna> 24* die Aprilis;

Anno 9* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1769. PltAYKRS.

preventing A N ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Punishment Destruaion jfV of such Persons as shall demolish or pull down, o* of otherwise destroy or spoil, any Mill or Mills, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That thei Bill do pars s And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of such Persons as shall demolish or pull down, burn, or otherwise destroy or’spoil, any Mill, or Mills $ and for preventing the destroying or damaging of Engines for draining Collieries and Mines, or Bridges, Waggon Ways, or other Things used in conveying Coals, Lead, Tin, or other Minerals, from Mines; or Fences for inclosing Lands in Pursuance of Acts of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Puhvney’s *A Petition of the Mayor, and several of the Alder-

Will. men and Common Council, of the City of Bath, was

presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the Bill to impower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulleney», tb purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of , in the County of

Somerseti for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a Free Bridge, by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said County, and to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds and Springs of Water, within the said Manor of wick, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and setting forth. That, if the said Bill pass into a Law, and the intended Bridge shall be built, it may be attended with . great Public Inconvenience, ualess a Clause is inserted Vox.. 3a.

in the said Bill, for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of tire said City over the Manor of Bathwick, or some Part thereof; and that, bn the 14th December 1768, Mr. Pulleney did lay before the Corporation of Bath certain Articles in Writing, setting forth his Intention of building a Bridge, as mentioned in the said Bill, and agreeing to the Extension of the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said City over the said Manor, or Part of it i and the Corporation did, upon the 2d of "January 1769, come to a Resolution,' that.

Mr. Pulteney should have Liberty to build a Bridge from Bath to Bathwick, at or near the present Ferry, the Corporation allowing him a Way thereto from High Street, provided he purchased at his own Expence from the present Possessors such Houses and Lands as interfere with the said Way, and are not in the Possession of the Corporation, which Resolution was to take place only on Condition that the said Articles of 24th December 1768, be complied with $ and on further Condition, that the Corporation may have Liberty to insert such Clause, or Clauses, in the said Bill for other Purposes, as , they may think fit t And therefore praying, in Behalf of the said Corporation, that the said Bill may pals, and that Provision may be made therein, for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the City of Bath over the said Manor of Bathwick, or such Part thereof as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to ,the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cooper, $cc.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Pulteney, Esquire, and Frances Pulteney* his Wife, for and on Behalf of themselves, and of - WiU* rietta Laura Pulteney, their Infant Daughter, was also

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and letting forth. That the Petitioners are the present Owners and Proprietors of the whole Manor of Bathwick, in the County of So which, by the Bridge intended to be built in Pursuance of the Powers contained in the said Bill, will be joined to the City of

Bath ;and the Petitioners are advised, that it. will not only be very beneficial to the Public, but also to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Manor of,

in case the said BilllhOuld pass into a Law: And therefore praying the House, That proper Provisions may be made in the said Bill, for extending the Powers and Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said City of Bath, over the said Manor of Bathwick.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to I>blrmn*« ! Whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for revolting and making void Part of the Trusts, declared by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for felling Part of the settled Estates of Robert Dolman, Esquire, in Pocklington and elsewhere, in the County of York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself, and Robert Dolman the Younger, his eldest Son, affecting the fame; and for making Provision for Robert Dolman the Younger, and for the Younger Children of1 Robert Dolman the Elderand for declaring other Trusts relative thereto; and for making Provision for Payment of other Debts and Incumbrances of the said Robert 1 Dolman the Elder, and Robert Dolman the Younger, not provided for by the said Act; and for making a Re-

compence

432 24 Aprilis. . 176^.

compence and Prpvision for the First and other Sons in Succession, or other Heir of the Bodie’s of the said Robert Dolman the Younger, and Peggy his Wife, during the Lives of their said Father and Mother, and the Survivor of them; and for the better Security of Purchasers under the said Act; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties-concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Anil he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the BUI to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Herbert* Mr. Tucker reported from the Committee, to whom £fiates. the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Agree-, ments, entered into between William William

Powell, Esquires, and others, for railing Money, out of the Estates late of Thomas Esquire, in the Counties of Glamorgan and , for Payment of the

Debts and, Legacies of Lucy , and for other Purposes; and for settling the Residue of the said Estates-to the Uses of her Will; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned, had given their Consent to the BUI, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without auy Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this-House-hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Earl Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee,

Cornwall!*’ to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An QuaUfication to cnat>le the Right honourable. James and

Bill. the Right honourable Charles Earl to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of and to qua-

lify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him, to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. '

WhStehuril’* Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom.

Estates. ti,e ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend Thomas Whitehurst, Clerk, and Sarah his Wife, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, in the said Thomas Whitehurst, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said Thomas Whitehurst, in the said County of to the same Uses as the said Estates were settled; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the BUI to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the BUI in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said - Bill was read the Third Time.

16

Rejoined, That the Bill do pals,

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for the establishing and well govern- Magdalen ing a House, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Em- MofpmL ployment of Penitent Prostitutes; and for extinguishing the Right of Common of and in certain Lanas, in Saint George's Fields, in the Parish of Saint George the

Martyr, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the establishing and well governing an Hospital, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of Penitent Prostitutes; and for extinguishing the Right of Common of and in certain Lands, in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Adome mon Fields, Common Pastures,'and other Unindofed Inclosure. Grounds, within the Manor and Township of in

the East Riding of the County of was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and indofing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Unindofed Grounds within the Manor and Township of Aclome, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Lajeellts do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for building a Bridge cross the Ri- Severn ver Severn, in the City of Worcejle, and for opening Bridge,

convenient 4venues to and from the same, was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Bridge at Worcester, over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Waljh. do carry- the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for repealing so much of an Act; Harbour passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Moorings Anne, as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour, Moorings, and Punishment of Persons guilty of stealing or embezzling His Majesty’s Naval Stores, or of Forgpry or Perjury, in relation to Seamen’s Wages; was rea<J the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the -Tenth , Year of her, late Majesty Queen Ame, as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Moorings, and Punishment of Persons guilty of stealing or embezzling His Majesty’s Naval Stores, or of Forgery, or Perjury, in relation to Seamen’s Wages.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, and inclosing the Open Pavenham and Common, Fields, Common Meadows, Common inclosure» Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberty of Pavenham, in the County of Redjord, was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titles be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and-Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the-Parish and Liberty of Pavenham, in the County of Bedjord.

Ordered, That, Mr, Ongley, do carry the Bill to the*

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Pc-

o Geo. III. 240 jrfp 433

Preventing A Petition of several Butchers of the Cities of London gnshing ot jmd Westminster, and Parts adjacent: And also,

Skins. a Petition of several Butchers redding within the

Ditto. Cities of London and Wes the Borough'of

wark, and Parts adjacent *

Were severally presented to the House, and read Taking Notice of the Bill for preventing the cutting and galhing of Sheep and Lamb Skins, and for enforcing the Sale of such Skins ih Public Markets and representing to the House, That the said Bill contains several Provisions and Regulations, which, if passed. into a Law, will be ver)’ burthensome to the Petitioners, and will lay tl.em under great Diladvantages and Hardships, and subject them to Penalties and Forfeitures, which they cannot possibly avoid incurring: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read '

the Third Time and the Petitioners are then to be heard by their Counsel, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ditto. A Petition of the Tanners, Wool Cardmakers, Collar-

makers, Coach makers, and Parchment-makers, residing within the Bills of Mortality, on Behalf of themselves and others interested in the Manufactory of Leather: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Stationers, Booksellers, and Book-

binders, residing within the Bills of Mortality, on Behalf of themselves and others interested in the Manufactory of Leather: And also.

Ditto. A Pet ition of the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty,

of the Mystery of Cordwainers, of the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and others dealing in Leather And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty,

of the Art or Mystery of the Curriers of the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and other. Dealers in Leather: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Master Taylors residing within the

Bills of Mortality, on Behalf of themselves and others interested in the Manufactory of Leather;

M ere severally presented to the House, and read* Also taking Notice of the said Bill* and setting, forth, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would be a great Advantage to the Leather Trade of this Kingdom, and be of considerable; public Utility: And therefore praying the House that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to , lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read. the Third Time.;

?Hhcnf ' Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Burghs (Scotland.) Qambelltown, Air, Irvine, Rothjay, Dumbarton, Stranraer, and of the Towns of Greenock, Port and

Saltcoats, thereto subscribing, in Behalf of themselves and others in Scotland, concerned in the White Herring; Fishery, was presented to the House, and read $ Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the 23d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, a Bounty of Thirty Shillings Ton was granted on all Vessels employed in the British White Herring Fishery, and fitted out in the Manner prescribed in the said Act* but this Bounty being found insufficient to answer the jPurposes intended, it was, in the 30th Year of the said Reign, increased to Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Ton, payable by the Receiver General of the Customs* and that, upon the Faith of the said Bounty being regularly paid, the Petitioners have, at a very great Expence,-vfor- several Years past, employed a considerable Number of Vessels in the Her-, Vol. 3t.

ring Fishery, fitted out 4s directed by Law and that the Fund appropriated by this Law has fallen so far short, that there is still owing Part of the Bounties for Fithing 1765^ she whole of 1766 and 1767* which, with the Bounty of the current Year, will amount to a Very considerable Sum* and that the Petitioners are thereby greatly distressed, and rendered incapable of discharging the Debts they have already contracted, in Expectation of the Bounties being duly paid, and if not speedily relieved, they will be entirely disabled from prosecuting that valuable Branch, fb beneficial to the Nation: And therefore praying the House, to take the Pre-thifes into their Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Redress therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

Ordered, That there be prepared, in order to be laid Account* 5 before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Herring Account of the Number of Bufles which have been Bonnes, cleared out for the White Herring Fishery, at. the several Ports in Great Britain, from the Year 1750, as far as the same Can be made up* together with the Number of Men, the Tonnage, the Quantity of Fish taken, and the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid j distinguishing each Yean

Ordered, That there be prepared) in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Monies which have been produced out of His Majesty’s Customs in Great Britain, and are applicable to the Payment of the said Bounties, from the Year 1750, as far as the same can be made up* distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be prepared, in order to be laid before this House in the tiext Session of Parliament, ah Account of- the Monies which have been certified to be due, and are now in Arrear, on Account of the said Bounties j distinguishing each Year*

Sir Charles Wkit worth, according to Order, reported Supply BHi from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Lottery. Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the«Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House* and lie read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One) and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Dtftie* on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Leather. Bill to permit the Free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, for a Time to be limited* and for taking off the Duties on Seal Skins, Tanned, Tawed, or Dressed, in this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in Lieu thereof* for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or executing any of His Majesty’s Orders of Council, prohibiting the Importation of Hides, Horns,‘ and Hoofs, of Infected Cattle, and to authorize the Pn> hibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future* was committed* the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House ? and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, In at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

5S Sir

Supply Bill Militia.

MkUlcton

Cheney

Iudofure.

Hoffman’s

Nat.

Cumberland £ legion.

Returning

OfHecri.

Supply Rill;

Sinking FumL

434

H

A. 17*59*

; Sir Charlel Whitworth, accordihjf to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole' House, to whom' the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pa^ and Cloiathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Qhe Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March'One. thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the' House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ClefkS Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the rtoufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, aha Commonable Lands, in the Townships and Liberties of and Lower Middleton Chehey, in the County of -

am pi oh, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause wai offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of RydCr, -for keeping down thelnterest of Mopey borrowed.

And the said Clause was Twite read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the ’Fhird Time; and, upon the QufeftioD put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That tbC Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Townships and Libertfesof Upper Middleton and

Lower Middleiott Cheney; in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolleh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire tlieik Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Christian Hof man, was read a Se-

cond Tittrt.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to MV. Barrow, Mr. Smith, &c: And thfey art to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’* Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled,. That Sir Gilfrtd Lawfoh, Baronet, late High Sheriff of the County of Cumberland, now in the Custody of the SCijeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, to be reprimanded by Mr. Speaker;

The laid Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion being made, and the Question Wing pro-poled, That every Returning Officer, who shall hereafter W adjudged by this House, to have wilfully and knowingly made a selfe and undue Return, shall receive a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, whatever other Punishment the House shall think proper to ihflift;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the other Orders of the Day be how read;

The House divided.

The Noes went fottli.

rr > , v {Sir Gilbert Elliot, 7

Tellers for the Yeas, } Mf J 45-

'tit c u xt f Sir Walter Blacket, 7

Tellers for the Noes, JMrj 3’-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being read, for the Hdufe to felolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a certain Suni therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1769;

Ordered, That it be an lnltfuftion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrttftion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1765, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, and to the Sums which should ariseby the Sale of the Ceded Islands, being applied to tW Public Service, be referred to the skid Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the fcjd Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rtfuthed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dirtfted him to report, when the House Will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service j^fonie*. of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir ChaVles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to SuPPjy. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, coftoim. upon the Bill for better securing the Duties of Customs upon Certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places, to London -, for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties oh Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies,

Thorny and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and Private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods, in Forests and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation of a Quantity, to W limited, of ait inferior Soft of Barley called Bigge, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney;

Ordered, That it W an Instruction to the said Committee,. that they have Power to make Provision in the said BH1, for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in the Province of Senegambia, in Africa.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

I'hat they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Export at

House,

Iron, Sec-

9 Geo. Ilf. 340- — 250 Aprtlis. . 43$

House, upon the BUl fof dtfcontlftuing, upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ship* the Drawback of such Part of the Duties payable thereon, as eat? ceeds the Duties pavrfbie upotj Iron imported in Ships; to prohibit the Exportation of Pig, and Bar Iron* and certain Naval Stores* unlefr first tendered to the Com niiffi oners of the Navy; to repeal so much of an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as discontinued the Drawback upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported; and for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed, before t he Commencement of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* for prevent*

0 ing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Portage;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said BUI, for explaining and amending an Act made in the Fourth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Portage.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him so report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Bricks, The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles; for indemnifying such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits; and for allowing further Time for paying Rates and Duties omitted to be paid upon Contrafts with Clerks, Apprentices, and Servants; for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts,. Annuity Orders, or other Orders loft, burnt, or otbenvife destroyed; and for re-paying to Joseph GJovennd Bill the Duty

by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing the same to be landed for Home Consumption;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for more effectually preventing Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, from making Payments to the Poor, in base and counterfeit Coin.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chur of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Culture of whole House, to whom the Bill for further encouraging Raw 1 the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk, in His Majeny’s Colonies or Plantains in was committed, be

received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 32.-V

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lane and Mr.

Htlford i

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the 831* intituled, An Act BecklngWn for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows* a*d Sun®0 Common Pafttifes* and Waste Grounds* within the nc un" Townships of Beckingham and Sutton, in the Manor and

Farirti of Beckbtghdmi in the County of Lincoln, with '

One Amendment 1 to which Amendment the Lords defife the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act Rocheflar for paving, cleansing, lighting* and watching* the High,

Streets and Lanes, in the Parish of Satrtt Nicholas, within the City of Rochester, and Farirti of Strood, in the County of Kent; and for making a Road through Star Lane, across certain Fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hilt, in the said County j without; any Amend* ment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Buckingham, for repairing the Road from Stotiey , in the &c.

County of Bucks, through the Town of Road'

and Bicester, to the Town of Woodstock, in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lbrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bramley; for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Moors,' In«k>fl, re: within the Township of Brantley, in the Parish of Br-alth-well, in the County of York, without any Amendment *.

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sndbrook for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields* Mfeaddws, Inclosure* Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the.Liberties of Sudbrook, within the Manor and Parish of Jnea/tef, in'

the County of Lincoln* without arty Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chypole for dividing ami inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Inclosure. and Pastures, in the Lordship of , within the'

Manor and Parish of Claypole, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the BHt, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common inclosure.' Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, ift-the Parish of Wootttn, 'in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Laibroke have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing the cutting and Preventing gaQiing of Sheep and Lamb Skins, and for enforcing the of Sale of such Skins in Public Markets, be read the Third ms‘ Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. William Poetry do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-mofrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 25° die Aprilis;

Anto 9* Georgii III*11, Regis, 1769.

PtAYttS.

MR. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom Bertie’s the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Settlement. Act for obviating a Doubt, arising on the Settlement of Peregrine Bertie, Esquire, with Catherine, his present Wife, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations x>f the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given

their

436. ^5° April. l 1709.

their Content to thfe Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hkn to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment-: Atul he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. ''

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Hoffman’s Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee,. to whom Nat. the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing John Chrtjl , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Barrotd reported from the Committee, to whom *1, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Samuel , Esquire; and to enable him, and his issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Thorold, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Beclringham The House proceeded to take into Consideration the and Sutton Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Inclosure. An Act f<?r dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,.

Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds; within the Townlhjps of and Sutton, in the

Manor and Parish' of Beckingham, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4a. 1. 1. After " satisfied," insert Clause A.

Clause A. " And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, shall think him, her, or 'themselves aggrieved by any Thing done "in pucfuance of this Act; then, and " in every such Case, (except in such " Cafes where the Orders and Deter->' " urinations of the said Commissioners

" are directed to be final) he, she, or they may appeal to the General

’ I " Quarter Seffibnsof the Peace’which " shall be held in and for the Parts " of Kesteven, within the said County " of Lincoln, within Six Calendar " Months next after the Cause of " Complaint shall have arisen; and " the Justices, in their said General " Quarter Sessions’, are hereby required to.hear, and determine the " Matter of every such Appeal; and " to make such Order therein as to " them, in their Discretion, shall seem " reasonable; which Determinption " of the said Justices shall be final and " conclusive to all Parties concerned, " and shall not be removed or re-

.1

" movable by Certiorari, or any other

" Writ or Process whatsoever, into

22

" any of His Majesty’s Courts of Re cond at Westminster, or elsewhere."

The laid Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord Browtilow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Markham’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate’ vesting in Trustees, to be sold, the Freehold and Inheritance of the Estate of George Markham, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, along with a precedent

Term therein; and for other Purposes; was committed j

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Supply Bill; Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay Supply Bill; and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Militia.

tain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deGre their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to permit the free Importation of Duties on certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the Bri- Leather. iish Plantations in America, for a Time to be limited; and for taking off the Duties upon Seal Skins, Tanned,

Tawed, or Drefied in this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty io Lieu thereof; for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or executing any of His Majesty’s Orders of Council, prohibiting the Importation of Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, of Infefted Cattle, and to authorize the Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future; Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to permit the free Importation of certain -Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, for a limited Time; and for taking off the Duties upon Seal Skins, Tanned or Tawed in this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in Lieu thereof; for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or executing any or His Majesty’s Orders of Council, prohibiting the Importation of Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, of Infefted Cattle; and to authorize the Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Conoirrence.

Mr.

Blidworth

Inclosure,

Polteney,s

Will.

9 Geo. III. 25°

Mr. Willoughby reported, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nwas committed 5

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were. Once read throughput; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and several of the Aldermen and Common Council of the City of Bath; and also, the' Petition of William Pulteney, Esquire, and Frances, his Wife, for and on Behalf of themselves, and of Henrietta Laura Pulteney, their Infant Daughter; were severally

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the Houte; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition, Mr. George Bee, being examined, said. That if the Bill depending in this House, intituled, An Act to impower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney to purchase, and exchange Lands and Grounds in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a FreeBridgo, by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said County, and also to impower the Persons in Possession of the Estate for the Time being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor, and like-wite to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds, and Springs of Water, within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Bath, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; should pass into a Law, and the intended Bridge shall be built, it may be attended with great public Inconvenience, unless a Claute is interted in the said Bill for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said City, over the Manor of Bathwick, or some Part thereof; for otherwise Felons, and Persons guilty of Crimes, would have an easy Method, by Means of the said Bridge, of escaping from Punishment, by going out of the Jurisdiction of the said City.

And it appeared to your Committee, That on the 24th of December 1768, Mr. Pulteney did lay before the Corporation of Bath Articles in Writing, setting forth his Intention of building a Bridge as mentioned in the said Bill, and agreeing to the Extension of the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said City, over the said Manor, or Part of it; and the Corporation did, upon the ad o{ January 1769, come to the following Resolution at

a Hall duly summoned for that Purpose: " It is agreed " that Mr. Pulteney shall have Liberty to build a Bridge.

" from Bath to Bathwick, at or near the present Ferry,

" the Corporation allowing him a Way thereto from " High Street, provided he purchases at his own Expence

" from the present Possessors, such Houses and Lands as " interfere with the said Way, and are not in the Pofief- fion of the Corporation.*

To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition, John Garden, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Manor of Bathwick is the Property of Mrs. Pulteney; that in that Part of the District over which the Jurisdie-

Vol. 32,

rilis. ' 457

>; tion of the Magistrates of the City of Bath is intended to be extended, there are no other Houses but a Miller’s House, a Corn Mill, a Fulling Mill, and Spring Garden, which are occupied by William Pur die, and JoJias Robins, and also some Fields which are occupied by Betty Smith, who have contented to the Extension of the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said City.

And the Witness said it would be of great Convenience to the said City, and to the Public, if the Powers and Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said City were extended over Part of the said Manor of Bathwick.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee; to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled;

An Act to impower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a Free Bridge; by them intended to' be built over the River Avon, in the said County; and also to impower the Persons in Possession of the said Estate for the Time being, under the said Will, to-grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor, and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds, and Springs of Water, within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Bath; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed; that they have power to make Provision in the find Bill, for extending the Jurisdiction and certain Powers of the: Magistrates of the City of Bath, over a Part of the Manor of Bathwick.

1

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply Bill j from the Committee of the whole Houte, to whom the *"*"* Fun<L Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1769; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Houte.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

S\r Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grofled.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Duties of Bill for better securing the Duties of Customs upon Customs, certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places, to London; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and Private Grounds; and of Trees and Underwoods, in Forests and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation of a Quantity, to be limited, of an inferior Sort of Barley called Bigge,

5 T from

55* — 26® i

A. 1769.

Supply Bill; Bxport of Iron,

from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for discontinuing, upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Drawback of such Part of the Duties payable thereon, as exceeds the Duties payable upon Iron imported in British Ships; to prohibit the Exportation of Fig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless first tendered to the Commissioners of the Navy; to repeal so much of an Act nude in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as discontinued the Drawback upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported; and for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed, before the Commencement of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Pottage; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table 1 Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with* several ' Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the &11, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Preventing Reading of the Bill for preventing the cutting and gashing 8a^ln8 of Sheep and Lamb Skins, and for enforcing the Sale of such Skins in Public Markets;

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Court of Assistants, of the Company of Sadlers, of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would be of great Advantage to the Leather Trade of this Kingdom, and be of considerable Public Utility: And therefore praying the House, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

"Teller* for the Yeas,{ *£

Tellers for the Noes, j 21.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That* the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Month.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

T

Bricks, Sir Charles Whitworth> according to Order, reported

4C* from the Committee of the whole, House, to whom the Bill for reviving several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reignr of King George the First, and in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles; for indemnifying such Persons as have omitted ‘to make and file Affidavits; and for allowing further Time for paying Rates and Duties omitted to be paid, ' tlpon Contracts with Clerks, Apprentices, and Servants; for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tidtcts, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other

Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for repaying to Joseph Glover and John Bill the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing the same to be landed for Home Consumption; was committed; 'the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ' Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mercurii, 26* die \

Anno 9® Georgii 1IP" Regis, 1769.

Prayirs.

MR. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom TwUkWi

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate*, for indemnifying Thomas Twijleton and Francis Esquires, the Purchasers of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, belonging to James , Gentleman, and Charlotte his Wife, as to the Payment of their Purchase Money, and settling the same for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Fitzherbert, according to Order, reported from An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Blidwortfc

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Open Fields, Common and Waste Grounds in the Parish Inclosure. further encouraging the Growth and Culture of Raw of Slid in the County of Nottingham, was read the Silk, in His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, Third Time.

was committed; the Amendments which the Committee Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

14 " - Common

Supply Bill Rice.

Blackfriars

Bridge

Road.

Hereford

Roads.

Horfington

Inclosure.

Laneham

&c.

Drainage.

Supply Bill;

Applying certain Monies

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

Supply Bill Export of Ivon, dec.

9 Geo. III. 25* Jprilis

Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blidworth, the Duties payable upon Iron imported in Brkish Ships} in the County of Nottingham. to prohibit the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and Ordered That Mr. WiUonghby do carry the BiQ to Certain Naval Stores, unless first tendered to the Com-the Lords, and desire their toncurrence. missioners of the Navy; to repeal so much of an Act

made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. as discontinued the Drawback upon Foreign Rough Lane: Hemp exported; and for providing a Compensation td

Mr. Speaker, the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of

; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act State, for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed, before

to continue certain Laws therein mentioned, for granting, the Commencement of an Act made in the Fourth Year

for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Majesty’s Provinces of South and North Carolina and Frauds and Abuses in relation to the fending and re-Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward ceiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now Postage; was read the Third Time, paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Fi- be, An Act for discontinuing, upon the Exportation of nifterre, without any Amendment: And also. Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Drawback of such

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Part of the Duties payable thereon, as exceed the Duties for making a Road trom the South End of Black Friars payable upon Iron imported in British Ships; to prohibit Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road cross Saint George's the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the Stores, unless the Pre-emption thereof be offered to the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, Commissioners of the Navy; to repeal so much of an in the County of Surrey', and for empowering the Truf- Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s tees for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Reign, as discontinued the Drawback upon Foreign Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty to Rough Hemp exported; for prqviding a Compensation. repair, light, and watch, the said Roads, when made; to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of without any Amendment: And also, State, for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed before the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Commencement of an Act made in the Fourth Year of for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Frauds in the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late Ma- and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters jesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and to ex-of Hereford; and for amending the Roads to Lancloudy plain and amend the said Act.

/////and Langua Bridge-, without any Amendment: And Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the w

also. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing certain Common and Uninclosed Tracts of An ingrossed Bill for better securing the Duties of Supply Bill; Land, in the Pari dies of Horfington, IVincanton, and Map- Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports . Duties of person, in the County of Somerset, without any Amend- and other Places, to London; for allowing to the Receivers Customs; ment: And also, General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Low Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns,

Grounds, in the Parishes or Townships of Laneham, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and Private Grounds,

Rampton, Trefwell, South Leverton, North Leverton, Hah- and of Trees and Underwoods, in Forests and Chaces; blefthorpe, otherwise Apejlhorpe, Littlebrough, Sturton , and for authorizing the Exportation of a Quantity, to be

Fenton,. and West Burton, in the County of Nottingham* limited, of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigge, from without any Amendment. the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney j was read

And then the Messengers withdrew. the Third Time. -

Ref That the Bill do pass: And that the Title i An ingrossed Bill for applying certain Monies therein be, An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, was read the Third other Places, \o London, for regulating the Fees of the Time. Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, in the Province of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Senegambia, in Africa; for allowing to the Receiver* be, An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned General of the Duties on Offices and Employments id for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and and Sixty-nine. Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies;

Ordered, That Mr^ Cooper do carry the Bill to the Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and Private Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods, in Forests

and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation of a An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer- limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called tain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and Bigge, from the Port of in the Islands of

for applying a certain Sum therein mentioned, for Orkney,

the Service of the Year 1769; was read the Third Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Time. Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of An ingrossed Bill for reviving several Acts, passed iri Bricks* Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, &c* certain Sum therein mentioned for the Service of the and in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Year 1769; and for further appropriating the Supplies King George the Second, for preventing Abuses in the granted in this Session of Parliament. making of Bricks and Tiles; for indemnifying such

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits; and Lords, and desire their Concurrence. for allowing further Time for paying Rates and Duties

omitted to be paid, upon Gontrafts with Clerks, Ap-. An ingrossed Bill for discontinuing, upon the Expor- prentices, and Servants; for making forth Duplicates of tation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Drawback Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, of such Part of the Duties payable thereof as exceeds Annuity Orders* or other Orders, loft, burnt, or Vol. 32. otherwise

Journal

See.

440 26° Aprilis. A. 1769.

otherwise destroyed; and for re-paying to Jofepft Glover and John Bill the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing the same to be landed for Home Consumption ;was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 15. To leave out " or" and insert " and" instead thereof.

1. 16. To leave out "or any" and insert " and " every" instead thereof.

1. 25. After " all" to insert " Tresspasses."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for reviving several Acts for preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and for indemnifying Justices of the Peace and others who have acted under the said Acts; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits; and for allowing further Time for paying Duties omitted to be paid, upon Contrafts with Clerks and Apprentices; for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for re-paying to Glover and John Bill the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing the same to be landed for Home Consumption; and for preventing Parish Poor being paid in base or counterfeit Coin.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, that the several Entries contained in the Journals of the House, of the Resolutions and Orders of the House, of the 18th Day of April 1763, the 13th Day of April 1764, the 15th Day of May 1765, the 2d Day of June 1766, the 18th Day of 1767, and the 4th Day of March 1768, relating to the printing of the Journals of thi$ House; and also of the Resolutions and Orders of the House, of the 18th Day <*f June 1767, and the 4th Day of March 1768, relating to re-printing the Journals of this House, and Reports from Committees of this House; and also, of the Ad-dreftes of this House to His Majesty, of the 18th Day of April 1763, the 13th Day of April 1764, the 15th Day of May 1765, the 2d Day of June 1766, the 18th Day of June 1767, and the 4th Day of March 1768, for the several Sums of Money therein mentioned to be advanced, towards the Expence of printing and re-printing the fame, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House was informed, that the said several Sums already advanced, in pursuance of the said Addresses,1 will not be sufficient to compleat the printing and reprinting the said Journals and Reports, as directed by the Orders of the House, of the 18 th Day of April 1763, the 13th Day of April 1764, the 15th Day of May 1765, the zd Day of June 1766, the 18th Day of June 1767, and the 4th Day of March 1768.

Ordered That Five hundred Copies of the Thirty-first Volume of the Journals of this House, with the Index thereto, be re-printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of Thomas Tyrw, Esquire.

Ordered, That the said Journal be re-rprinted by such Person or Persons as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order such a further Sum of Money to be advanced to Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, as shall be necessary for completing the printing and rc-printing the Journals of this House, to the End of the iaft Parliament, with the Indexes thereto, and the re-printing the Reports directed to be re-printed.

Ordered, That the Journals of this House, from the End of the last'Parliament to the End of this present Session, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journals be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction of John-Hat Jell, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journals be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Six hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hat-fell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, from the End of the last Parliament to the End of this Session of Parliament; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to be advanced to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this House shall authorize to receive the same, towards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the feme.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the further Sum of Five thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented tp His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Adjournment, the House this Day, adjourn till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committee*, withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

An ingrafted Bill for further encouraging the Supply Bill; Growth and Culture of Raw Silk, in His Majesty’s Culture of Colonies or Plantations in America, was read the Third Raw Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for further encouraging the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk, in His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cornwall reported from the Committee, to whom Pulten*y’s the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Will.' impower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Balhwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a Free Bridge by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said County; and also to impower the Persons in Pofiession of the said Estate for the Time being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor, and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds, and Springs of Water, within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Bath; and for other Purposes therein mentioned was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

9 Geo. III.

several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. 8. 1. a. Leave out " will be necessary," and insert, " hath been agreed by and " between all the Parties interested,

" that."

1. 3. I Leave out " to enable the said Truf-and J- " tees," and insert, " the said. J " Henry Earl of , and the Right honourable Frederick " Campbell Esquire, commonly " called Lord Frederick " be added to, and constituted " and appointed Trustees, together " with the said William Lord Viscount Chetwynd and Harry " rard, now Sir Harry Ba-

" ronct; and that the said Trustees be enabled."

1. 38. After " that'" insert " the said Henry " Earl of Darlington and Lord Frederick Campbell shall be, and they " are hereby constituted and ap-' " pointed Trustees for the Purposes of this Act only, together with " the said William Lord Viscount " Chetwyndand Sir Harry

" rard; and that." c Pr. 9. 1 i*. After " said" insert " Earl of

" Darlington, Lord Frederick bell."

1. 2. Leave out " Harry Burrard, now."

1. 3, Leave out " Baronet."

1. 19. After "said" insert " Henry Earl of " Darlington Lord Frederick Camp--

" bell"

1. 32. After " said" insert " Henry Earl of " Darlington, Lord Frederick -

" bell"

Pr. 10. 1. 3. After " said " insert " Henry Earl of

" Darlington, Lord Frederick Camp-

" bell"

1. 13. After "said" insert " Henry Earl of " Darlington, Lord Frederick -

" bell"

Pt. 13. 1. it. After " said" insert " Henry Earl of " Darlingto, Lord Frederick bell."

1. 31. After " said" insert " Henry Earl of " Darlington, Lord Frederick -

" bell"

Pr. 14. 1. 9. After " laid" insert " Henry Earl of

" Darlington, Lord Frederick bell."

1. 40. After " Precincts" insert " and likewise to distribute the same in and " through the said City, Liberties, " and Precincts."

Pr. ic. 1. 10. After "needful" insert " Clauses A " and B."~

(A) " Provided also, and be it further " Enacted, That nothing in this " Act contained shall extend to " give Power to the said Mayor, " Aldermen, and Citizens of the " said City of Bath, or the said " Trustees, to bring the said Water into any Part or Parts of the " said City, being the Ground and " Soil of any Part of the Sciteof the " ancient Priory or Abbey of Bath, " now belonging to the Most noble " Evelyn Duke of

yoL/32-.

441

(B) " And be it further Enacted, Pulteney’s " That from and after such Payments made, or Satisfaction as " aforesaid, if the said Henry Earl " of Darlington, Lord Frederick " Campbell, William Lord Viscount " Chetwynd, and Sir Harry Burrard,

" or the Survivor of them, or the " Heirs of such Survivor, or their " Agents or Workmen; or if the " said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, and their Successors, or their " Agents or Workmen; shall at " any Time hereafter be refilled,

" interrupted, or molested, in the " Execution of the said several " Works and Undertakings by " them respectively hereby authorized to be carried on and mjide " as aforesaid ;in the repairing,

" altering, or maintaining the same " from Time to Time; every such.

" Person, so refilling, interrupting,

" or molesting the said Henry Earl " of Darlington, Lord Frederick ? Campbell, William Lord Viscount " Chetwynd, and Sir Harry Burrard, or the Survivor of them; or " the Heirs of fiach Survivor, or the " said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citi-* zens, or their Successors, or their " or any of their respective Agents " or Workmen, contrary to the true " Meaning of this Act, and being " thereof convicted, on Oath, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City " of Bath or County of,

' ' " respectively, shall forfeit and pay

" for every such Offence the Sum: " of Five Pounds, to be levied as " herein after directed, and applied - " for and towards the carrying on " such respective Works and Undertakings which they shall have " been so hindered or interrupted " from doing by such Offender as " aforesaid."

1. 32. After " Streets," insert " which shall " have been so planned."

Pr. 16. 1. a. Leave out from " Pipes" to " Ajid," in 1. 11. and insert "in Consequence " of which any Alteration of such " Pipes shall become necessary, the " same shall be made or done under " the Direction of the said Mayor,

" Aldermen, and Citizens, and their " Successors, at the Expence of such " Person or Persons erecting any " such Building or Buildings."

1. 32. After " being" insert " or to prefer a " Bill or Bills of Indictment against " any Person or Persons, as the " same shall require;" and at the End of the Amendment insert " Clause C."

(C) " And be it further Enacted, That " if any Person or Persons shall " wilfully break the Door or Lock, c< or any Part. of the Building of,

" or any Conduit, Waterhouse, or " Engine to be erected and provided for the Purposes aforesaid,

" or shall wilfully cause the Water to run to waste from any such " Conduit, Waterhouse, or Engine,

.5 U €! ®r

26° Aprilis.

442

" or from any Reservoir to be provided for the Purposes aforesaid,

" except in the same of Fire, or shall " wilfully or maliciously cut, damage, or destroy any or any Part " of the Aqueduds, or Pipes laid " under Ground, or otherwise made " use of for the Purposes aforesaid,

or any Part of any new Buildings " or Materials, used or provided " for the Purposes aforesaid, or " shall 'call or put into any of the " Conduits, Watercourses, Refer-.

": voirs, Cisterns, or Pipes, provided " or used for the Purposes aforesaid, any Filth, Dirt, Rubbish,

" Soil, Gravel, Stones, Dogs, Cats,

" dead Carcases or Carrion, or " other unwholesome Thing j or " shall wash or cleanse therein any " Cloaths, Wool, Hemp, Flax, or other unwholesome Thing i or " make or convey any Sink, Sewer,

4t or Ditch into any of the said Watercourses, Reservoirs, or Cisterns,

" or to have any Fall into the fame,

or do any other Annoyance theretoj any Person so offending in „

" any of the said Cafes, and being " thereof convicted by his or their " own Confession, or by the Oath " or Oaths of One or more credible " Witness or Witnesses, before any " Justice of the said City of " or before any Justice of the said " County of Somerset, as the same " shall require, (which Oath or ‘‘ Oaths such Justices are hereby " respectively authorized and required to administer) shall for " evfry such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be recovered as herein after directed, and applied for the " Purpose of bringing the said " Springs of Water into the said V City."

Pr. VJ. 1, 36, After " Purpose" insert Clauses D,

" E, F, G, and.H"

(D) " Provided always, and it is here-

, " by further Enacted, That all die

" Trusts, Powers, and Authorities, ‘by this, Ad granted to or veiled "in tljc laid Henry Earl of -

. , . " ton, Lord Frederick Campbell,

" WilliqytL<?rd Viscount and Sir Harry , shall and

, *' may from Time to Time be ejcer-

M cifed by apy Two or more of the; " feid Trustpes, the said Henry Earl

y. " of Darlington, if living, being al-

' " ways One; and, in Cafe, of his

Death, by any Two or more of ~ " the Surviyors or Survivor of

" them the said other Trustees, or *" the Heirs of such Survivor; and ... all the Acts, Deeds, and Con-

" " veyances of such Two or more of

- ' , " the said Trustees shall have the same Operation, Force, and Ef-

" fed, as if the same had been made " and executed by all the said " Trustees."

(E) " And be it further Enacted,

"That all Penalties and Forfeitures,

" by this Act imposed, shall be le-

(C cc C t It <c €C <1

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

(F) '

cc cc cc cc cc cc cc cc cc cc cc cc cc cc #CC Cc cc . cc cc cc . cc cc

cc

cc

ire

"V "

c<

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

A. 1769,

vied by Distress and Sale-of the Offenders Goods and Chattles, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of forqe Justice of the Peace for the said City, of Bath or County of Somerset, as the same shall

require, which Warrant such justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon Confession of the Party or Parties* or upon the Information of any One or more credible V^itness or Witnesses, upon*Oath, which Oath such justice is hereby impowered to administer; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattles shall be so distrained, (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deduded) shall, where the feme are not hereby otherwise applied,- b6 paid to the Chamberlain of the said City of Balk, or to such Persons 3s shall be, by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, appointed, and be applied towards the Purposes of carrying the Work into Execution; and in same sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby autho- j rized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Prison of the said City or County, for any Time not exceeding Three Months."

And whereas it will be for the mutual Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the present City of Bath, Liberties, and Pre-cinds, as also of the Inhabitants of the new and intended Buildings in the Part herein after mentioned of thefeid Manor 6f 'Bathwick, if a certain Piece of Ground* Part of the ^id Manor, were . made subject to the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of Bath, with respect to Offences committed within that Part of the said Manor, and for the Recovery of Debts* and for regulating Chairmen carrying Fares within that Part of the said Manor; Be it therefore further Enacted, That, from henceforth, the Jurisdiction of the said. Magistrates, (o far as relates to the Power and Authority of apprehending Offenders, and examining and determining all Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanors, and also of the Coroner of the said City, and the several Powers for the Recovery of all Debts above the Sum or Value of Forty Shillings, hereafter to be contracted, in the Court of Record of the said City; and for the Recovery of all Debts, under the Value of Forty Shil-. " lings»

a60 — 29* Aprilis.

443

(C

cc

(I

it

lings, hereafter to be con traded, in the Court of Requests of the said City; and also the Powers and Authorities given and granted to the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, for the better Regulation of the Chairmen carrying Fares within the said City, by an Act made and passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for cleansing, paving, and lighting the Streets of the City of Bath and Liberties thereof, and for regulating the Chair-

(G)

U

if

(H)

And be it further Enacted, That the said Bridge, when built, shall be Toll-free for all Persons, Coaches, Carriages, and Horses, passing and repassing to, from, or over the said Bridge."

And be it further Enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudgied, and taken to be a public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justice^, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the fame/'

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second

Pulteney*»

Will.

men, and for other Purposes Time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, therein mentioned; be, and they agreed to by the House.

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

«C

ft

€C

are hereby, extended over that Part of the said Manor of Bathwick which is "bounded and comprized in Manner following; that is to say, from that Part of the Parish of Walcot, where the Line of Jurisdiction, described in the Charter of the City of Bath, meets t( or comes into the River Avon, in a straight Line across the said River, to that Part of the Road leading from Bathwick to comb, where the Water running-from Bathwick down to Spring Gardens, now erodes the said Road; and from thence, along the Middle of the said Widcmb Road, to the Boundary between the Parishes of Bathwick and Wideomb; and from thence, along the said Boundary, to the River Avon. Provided always, That " the Rights of the Whole of the *<: said Manor, and of the Royalty " thereof, in all Respects, (Hall remain in the Persons intitled thereto under the said Will of the said Harry Puiteney; and that the " Parish of Bathwick shall, with respect to its Parochial Rights and Taxes, be considered as a Parish of itself, distinct and apart from " any other Parish, and shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Justices of the Peace of the County of Somerset only, as here-

it

it

it

it

it

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill;

L. 2. After " Puiteney".insert " and other Trustees " appointed by this Act."

L. 12. After <e Bath" insert " and for extending the , " Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Alder-

" men, and Citizens, over Part of the said Manor of Bathw." / And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Re/ohed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kymjion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 29* die;

Anno 9° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1769. Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. -ZJl Lane

'Duties on Leather.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill 1 tofore, with respect to all Paro- for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to Lottery, chial Rights and Taxes, and not be raised by a Lottery, without any Amendment: And be subject or contributary to the also,

" Maintenance of the Poof of any The Lords have agreed*to the Bill, intituled, An Act " other Parish within the said City to permit the free Importation of certain Raw Hides or Liberties, or to any Rate of and Skins from , and the British Plantations in

America, for a limited Time; and for taking off the Duties upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in Lieu thereof; for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising of executing any of His Majesty’s Orders of Council, pro*

" Magistrates of the said City of hibiting the Importation of Hides, Horns, and Hoofs,

" Bath, over that Part of the said of Infected Cattle, and to authorize the Prohibition of

" Manor ahove mentioned, shall the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for " at any Time hereafter be deemed the future; without any Amendment: And also, ‘

" or construed to extend, to prevent The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A4;

any Person or Persons within the for repealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament,

said Manor from exercising any made and passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth " Trade or calling within the said Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Manor, which he, she, or they Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the might have exercised or followed County of Stafford, in the Poll Road towards the City if this Act had never beeri of Chester, through Woor; in the County of to

<C

c<

Assessment to be trtade by any other Parish. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained, nor any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given to the

Chafe*

nd

Salford

Roads.

passed." VOL. 32.

Nantwich, in the County of Chester,' and from Nantwich

to

Exeter, See. Roads.

Middleton

Cheney

Inclosure.

Aclome

Inclosure.

Walsh’s

Name.

Exports from Jersey, Sec.

St. Aubyri’a Chapel; Plymouth Dock.

Leicester

to

Hinckley

Road.

Branceptth

Inclosure.

Harbour

Moorings,

&c.

'» f "J

Preventing Deft ruction of M ills.

444 Ap. A. 1760.

to Tar parley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester; and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said County of Chtjlei, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, and repder more effectual, Two Acts for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for repairing and widening several other Roads therein mentioned; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading the reto

more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near CounteJ's IVear, in the County of Devon; without an Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Townships and Libertiesof Upper Middleton Cheney, and Lower Middleton Cheney, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Aclome, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Waljh, heretofore called called William

Mojely, and his IiTue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Waljh, pursuant to the Will of William Waljh, deceased, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit the Inhabitants of Jersey and to export, directly from thence, to Newfoundland, or the British Colonies in America, Goods necessary for the Fishery, under certain Restrictions; and to import from thence non-enumerated Goods, except Rum, and to land the same in the said Blands; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Darner ell, in the County oiDevon, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, An Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from to Coventry,

and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwick,. and other Roads, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough, and from Leicester to Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, in the Township of Thornley. in the Parish of bam, and within the Manor of Branceptth, in the County Palatine of Durham, without any Amendment: And also,

2 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as relates to the ! Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Moorings, and Punilliment of Persons guilty of Stealing or Embezzling HisJVIajesty’s Naval Stores, or of Forgery, or Perjury, in relation to Seamens Wages; without apy 'Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for tite more effectual Punishment of such Persons, as JhalT demolish, or pull down, burn, or otherwise destroy or spoil, any \Mill or Mills; and for preventing* -the deftryying or damaging of Engines, for draining

Collieries and Mines,' or Bridges, Waggon Ways, or other Things, used in conveying Coals, Lead, Tin, or other Minerals, from Mines or Fences for inclosing Lands in pursuance of Acts of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the establishing and well-governing an Hospital for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of Penitent Prostitutes: and for extinguishing the Right of Common of and in certain Lands, in Saint V

Fields, in the County of Surr: without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Relief of the Poor, in the County of Devon, without any Amendment': And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages within the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstrudions therein, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidfone, and from Wats Cross to Coze den,

in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Repair of the Road from Wats Cross to Cowden; and for repairing the Roads leading from Seven-oaks mon to Crockhurjt Hatch Corner, and from Penjhurst Town to Southborough, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge at Worcester, over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish and Township of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick $ and for regulating certain Charity Effaces, within the said Parish ywithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cortimon Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberty of Payepham, in the County of Bedford, without any Amenfllfent: And also,

The Lords have agreecHpthe Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending* and continuing, an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain, called England, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to empower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a Free Bridge, by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said County; and also to empower the Persons in Possession of the said Estate for the Time being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor, and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds, and Springs of Water, within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Bath; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of the Right honourable

William.

Magdalen Hospital.

Devon

Poor’sRelicf,

Birmingham

6trecis.

T onbridge, &c« Road.

Severn

Bridge.

Bedworth

lndofure.

Pavenham

Inclosurcfc

Militia.

Pulteney’s Will.

Earl of Stafford's Will.

9 Geo. III. 18° Apr His. 401

Agent to the said Ruffiil Reyell, which said Francis was with a Loading of Salt; that Green and Hall had imrne- Dalbv'j

the bed Bidder for the fame, as Defendants have heard diately secured the 9hipand Cargo, and put an Officer and believe; and Defendants have also heard, and be- on board; and that the Admiral had sent Hands on board lieve, that the Money arising from such Purchase was to carry the Ship up to Town, and took out all the paid to and divided amongH the Sailors who had served People that were on board; that Green informed him on board the Ship, or some of them, by the proper Of- the reason of this Proceeding was, that the Bill which ficerappointed to fell the Ship under the Condemnation, he had drawn on for 200, to supply the Ship, br some other Person. had been protested. — He writes further, that Green was

That the Ship has, ever since such Purchase, been etn- determined to keep Possession of the Ship till he was fa-ployed as a Tender, Jn His Majesty’s Service, or other- tisfied from Home or ;that Green had wrote to wife, as James Francis or his Principals, or such Person Genoa to (lop the Freight; and that though the Consul had as the said Ship has since belonged to, thought proper; answered his Letter, he had not mentioned a Word about, and apprehend they have good Right to employ the it — He desires to take what Means ever he could laid Ship as they think proper; and that they are not immediately to get the Ship clear; for he must stay, and obliged to give Complainant any Account of the Earn- wait his Answer.

ings or Gainings of the Ship since the said Purchase. 15th October. Letter from Captain Henry to , in

Admit Complainant has frequently, since the Sale of which he writes, that he had received s Letters

the Ship, applied to the late and present Commis- of the 8th of May and 15th June preceding — regrets sioners of the Victualling, or some of them, for the Pay- he had not received the First till that Instant, as he ment of the said Freight, and for a Satisfaction for the should have known how to have proceeded. — That by several other Particulars in the Bill mentioned; and the Advice of Green and some other Gentlemen, he had these Defendants admit, that they, or some of them, have gone to , in Hopes of hearing from Dolby by the

declared, and they do now iafift, that neither the said Time he returned — that Green had fold the Salt, being Commissioners of Victualling, the said Act mi ral Mathews, 425 Salms, at public Vendue, as be thought fit; that he or the said Russell Revel/, or any of them, ace liable to should be obliged to wait for an Answer from him or make Complainant any Satisfaction whatsoever, either Rirtles, which he wished to receive as soon as for the said Freight to Genoa, or any other Damages possible.

which Complainant may have suffered. 29 April 1745. Letter from Captain Henry to Dal-

And he read Part of the Letter from Rujjell Revell, by, wherein he writes, he had received s Letter,

whose Clerk the said Francis was, to the Commissioners, under Cover of Barbaud and Son, with Orders to proof the 14th of September 1744 before Hated; Wherein cecd to South that he was to receive £. 50

Revell mentions to have received from them a Copy from their Correspondent, which he feared would not, of Dolby's Memorial to the Admiralty of the ift of be sufficient; being obliged to pay the People which May — of Dalby's Letter to the Commissioners, 3d July had been taken on board the Man of War their Wages,

— and of Consul Birtles's Letter to the Board of half in Money and half in Bills; and that the Ship was ♦he nth June 1744; all of them relative to Dalby's then ready for Sea.

Claims, in consequence of the Hopping his Ship by 10th June 1745. Letter from Captain Henry to Dal-Admiral Mathews, and on which he reasons very parti- by, wherein he writes, he had received Daily's Letter of cularly. the 2d of; that he was Hill lying at Mahon, and

Dalby produced a Copy of a Report of the Com- like to remain so, without his AffiHance, having no Pro-missioners of Victualling, bearing Date 3d December vision on board to eat, nor Credit to get any — that the 1766, upon Reference to them of a Memorial of Dal- Ship was Hill in Order for Sea, and would endeavour to by and Downes to the Lords of the Treasury, 26th keep her so till he should hear further from him: —

September 1766; in which the Commissioners of Victual- that the People had been Hriving all they could to have ling, among other Things, say, they do not know, any the Ship fold for their Wages; but that the Judge of the Thing of the Ship's Name being altered, or of her be- Admiralty found that he could not do it, and ordered ing let as a Tender in His Majesty’s Service, except him, if they would not proceed with the Ship, to give from what Mr. Dalby had asserted relating thereto; them Bills for their Wages. — That the Mate and Car-which Report is signed by Fyringham Stephens and penter were well satisfied; and that if he had Liberty others. of going where he would, there would be none of that

Dalby also produced an Account, which, by Direc- Disturbance, but some Hundreds of Pounds saved in tion of the Lords of the Treasury, was delivered by Dalbs Pocket, and something in his own. Mr. Baxter, the Commissioners Solicitor, to Mr. Dalby, 15th June 1745. Letter from Captain Henry to

of the Employment of the Britannia or Sukey, as by, wherein he writes him, t;hat by Order of the Court, follows; viz, he was obliged to give Bills to the People for their

On 23d December 1745, Admiral Medley having taken Wages, except those who remained by the Ship, the Ship Sukey, James Francis, Owner, in his. Service, the Mate, Carpenter, himself, with Benjamin Bryant, and as a Tender, Mr. Frefufis, then Commissioner of the Edward Guffin, who ha,d joined in a Power to Robert Navy at Mahon, sent Orders to the naval Officers there, Alston to receive their half Wages, and to Jet Dalby to survey her: which being done, Mr. Frefujis agreed know. — And there came indofed in that Letter a Copy for her Hire, at the Rate of 1 or.per Ton, per Lunar of the Account of Wages due on-board the Ship,

Month, for 186 Tons, amounting to f. 93 per Month; amounting to£. 454. 14J. id. and (he continued in the Service of the Crown as a By the Proceedings in the Vice-Admiralty Court of Tender, and her Hire was paid for after that Rate by Mahon, it appears, that the Ship was ordered to be de- Mr. Stephens, then C.erk of the Cheque at Mahon, to livered to Caufino the Purchaser, the 3d of January Mr. Francis the Owner, from Christmas 1745 to 11 1746, N. S. which arifwers to the 23d of December January 1748, pursuant to Mr? Trefufis'% Orders; and O. S.

from that Time to 6th September 1748, when (he was dif- The Commissioners of the Navy, or their Agents, at charged from the Service of the Crown, Mr. Stephens, Dalby'% RequeH, having been served with an Order to pursuant to the Orders of Mr. Tozvry, then Commissioner produce before the Committee, all Accounts, Papers, of the Navy at Mahon, paid her Hire to Mr. Joseph and Writings, which have been at any Time delivered Miller, a Merchant at Mahon, the then Owner of the into the Navy Office, touching the Employment of the Ship. said Ship Sukey, formerly the Britannia, as a Tender,

a5 -S’tptember 17 44. Letter from Captain/frw? to Dalby, or otherwise, in the Service of Government, since the acquainting him he arrived the week before from Cagliari, 23d of December 1745; and of what Monies have been Vot. 32. 5 it paid

402

18° Aprilis.

A. 1769.

Dalby’s Frtirroti for

Coinpen Cition.

paid to any Person or Persons, and to whom, on account of that Ship > produoed Three Books of Disbursements of Mr. Stephens, Naval Officer at Mahon. — In One of which Books appeared the following Entries (and no other) relative to the said Ship Sukey, or Britannia i viz.

Ship Sukey, between 24th December 1745 and 4th September 1748 — Bur-tnen 186 Tons ..... 16,374 5 o

Triton between 14th March 1745-6 and 11 November 1747-147 Tons Burthen - - - 7,980 o o

Gabriel', between 27 October j 747 and September 1748 — Burthen 258 Tons ---- 7,233 1 12

Penelope, between 8 January 1747 and 10 January 1748 — Burthen 226

Tons.....7*445 7 6

Apollo, between 15th Aug 1748 and 10 January following — Burthen

i6i££ Tons - - - - 2*153 4 15

All these Payments were made pursuant to Orders from the Commissioners, wherein the Burthen of the Ship, Rate of Ton, Time of Employment, and the Sums due for the same are expressed. — The Owners, or their Attornies have given Receipts for the Money paid, and the several Payments are also certified by the Commissioners, except the Sums following; videlicet, 2,424. 5/. for the 'Sukey, 3,363. 1. 12. for the and

4,055. 7* for the Penelope', and the whole Freight of the Apollo , which not being certified by the Commissioners, are attested either by the Master Shipwright or Storekeeper, and another Witness.

It might have been expected that the Contracts made for the Hire of Vessels, which carried such confid'erable Sums, would have been produced for taking up the Apollo, after the Conclusion of the War.

In regard of the Reasons given by Mr. Stephens, and hereto annexed, let the Whole of all these Papers be allowed of.

The Contracts for the Hire of Tenders were made by the Commissioner, who kept them in his Office, and did not give Copies of them to the Accountant, because, as he apprehends there were not any Clauses in them which related to the Naval Officers: And in regard to the Apollo Tender, taken into the Service after the Conclusion of the War, the Accountant apprehends, that the Commander in Chief gave satisfactory Reasons for her being employed, at the Time he wrote to him to contract for her, and that he was not authorized to demand any other Reasons, than what were contained in the Preamble to the Order for paying the Hire of her.

Tyringham Stephens.

By the Proceedings in the Vice-Admiralty Court of Mahon, it appears, that the Ship was ordered to be delivered to causing the Purchaser the 3d

of January \746, N. S. which answers to the 23d of

December, O. S.

And it. appears, that on the 24th of the same December Old Style, James Fran, Clerk to Mr. Revell, Agent Victualler at Mahon, let the Ship to freight to the Government, under the Name of the Sukey j but the Contracts between the Commissioner of the Navy at Mahon, and Francis, for the Hire of the Sukey (or Britannia) having been called for, the Committee was informed by the proper Officer, that the same had been searched for, and have not yet been found.

Mr. Dolby produced an Offer or Proposal made to him in 1767 by the Lords of the Treasury, relative to hi4 Claims on Government, in Consequence of an Application to them by Memorial and otherwise 1 which is as follows.

My Lords are pleased to offer Mr. Dalby on Account of the Ship,

For Freight - - - 570 o O

interest thereon ---- ----- - 655 10 O

Demurrage for Three Months from the Day of Detainer of Ship ----- 450 o O

interest thereon - - - -- - 317 10 ©

For Damages by the Galhpoly Voyage being broken and loft - - - 1,720 o o

For his Lois by the Condemnation and Sale of the Britannia, a gross Sum - 800 o ©

For the Demurrage given up by him to Collyer before the Britannia failed, a gross Sum - - 200 o o

jC*4>9i8 0 0

On Account Of the Ship Hope, recovered

By Verdick - - -- 1,307 13 2

Interest thereon - -- 584 o 6

»" ' - 1,891 13 8

Of the Ship Ftantls, as admitted

By Mr. Attorney General - 939 17 4

Interest thereon - -- 342 11 7

---- 1,282 8 II

jf. 8,087 2 7

My Lords will recommend the same of the Ship Ann, to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

My Lords have no Objection to Mr. s going back to the Court of Exchequer, with respect to the Colts of the Suits both at Law and in Equity relative to the Ship Hope.

*7

On the Ship Ann,

Dolby produced,

28 April 1755. A Protest made by William Mo-

ran, the Master of the Ship, before James- Gill, a Public Notary, and sworn to by the said William

Moran,

9 Geo. III.

18° Apr ills.

403

Moran, and by Robert , Chief Mate, Laurence Farrell, Second Mate, Robert , Car-

penter, Michael Everly, Christian Cock., and ‘Thomas Silvia, Seamen, of and belonging to the said Ship; Hercules Rice, and Thomas , Passengers on

board her, the same Day; wherein he declares as follows:

That the said Snow being of the Burthen of 180 Tons or thereabouts, properly-equipt, and loaded with Sugar, Rum, Wine, and sundry other Merchandize, failed from St. Kitts, bound for London, on the 14th March then last pad.

That on the 22d Day of April aforesaid, about Eight in the Morning, the Wind being at South by West, and in the fair Way proceeding on his Voyage up Channel, and being near a-breast of the Start, Distance or 5 Leagues; One of His Majesty’s Tenders brought the Vessel to, and imprefied Three of their best Seamen, and, in lieu of them, the Commander of the Tender put on board the Snow Three very indifferent Men; viz. — One a Taylor, who had never been on board a Ship above Three Weeks — another a Bricks layer who had never acted as a Sailor for more than Three Months — and the Third a Husbandman, who had never been on board a Ship as a Sailor more than a Fortnight before that Time: and, as they l'everally declared to the said Master and others above named, wholly unacquainted with the Navigation of a Ship or Vessel.

That he attempted afterwards to proceed on his Voyage, and next Day, being 23d, about Seven in the Evening, being between Pepperell , and the,

at lead Four Leagues from the Land, with the Wind at South South East; another Tender belonging to His Majesty’s Ship Royal George, and whereof Richard Williams, Sixth Lieutenant of the said Ship was the Commander, fired a Shot over the said Snow, which' dropped within Thirty or Forty Yards on the Starboard Side, in order to bring the said Vessel to.

That the said Moran being apprehensive of the Indraft of the Island, and the Distress the Snow was then in, consulted with his Officers and Crew what was best to be done under their unhappy Circumstances,- having a just Dread of losing their Ship and Cargo; and it was thereupon determined to make Sail, to avoid being brought to; but that Attempt soon appearing ffuitlels, he, with the Approbation of his Mate and Crew, brought to.

That the said Lieutenant , notwithstanding

the distressed Condition of the said Snow as aforesaid, carried away another, the best Seaman left on board, and in his stead left one Nicholas Mahon; assuring the said Master that the said Mahon was a Seaman and a Helmf-man; which said Nicholas had the Helm at the Time of the Accident herein after mentioned.

That after the Snow was detained in Manner aforesaid, till near 12 o’Clock, in which Time (he unavoidably made a great Leeway, the said Lieutenant left her.

That the said Master being greatly fatigued under the Whole of this Transaction, having first given Directions to his Second Mate, Laurence Farrell, to steer a direct East South East Course, laid himself down to get a little Rest j and, in Two Hours Time, the said Vessel was on Shore, the said Mahon being at the Helm, and struck near Atherfield Rocks, and notwithstandinghe, the Master,

got out an Anchor, and used all other possible Means to get her off, (be parted her Cable, and soon went on Shore; and, a prodigious large and folding Ground Sea going at that Instant, soon broke to Pieces, and was' totally loft, together with the greatest Part of the Cargo.

That by Means of the Confusion he was put into, the Distress the Ship was left in, and other the Premises particularly described; the said Ship, and Part of her' Cargo, was totally loft, and not by Means of any Neglect or Default of him or any of his Ship’s Company.

28 April 1755. A Deposition and Examination of Vol. 32.

William Moran, and the several other Persons mentioned in the foregoing Protest, sworn before Barnabas EveleigA Leigh, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall Real or detain ship-wrecked Goods, &c. Whereby it appears, that the said Snow was of the Burthen of 180 Tons or thereabouts-, and was the sole Property of Mr. Dolby, and failed from St. Kitts at the Time, and with such Loading on board, as is mentioned in the said Protest, and was loft in Brixton Bay at the Back of the Isle Wight; which was absolutely occasioned by the Detention of the Snow, and the Impressing several of her Hands; and that only a small Part of her Cargo was saved.

Alexander Clunie, of London, Merchant, formerly Commander of a Ship, produced by Mr. having pc-

rufed the said Protest, and being asked,

ift. What Flood the Ship had at that Time, being Four Miles in the Offing ?

Answered, ’Till near Eleven o’Clock in the Offing. - *

2. Was the Wind at S.S.E^a dead Wind to-bring the Ship ashore ?

Anf.Undoubtedly it was.

3. By the Course the Master directed the Mate to steer, do you think the Wind was at South, or to the Westward of South ?

Anf. It must have been to the Westward of South.

4. Would you not, in that Cafe, have hauled up to

a more Southerly Course ? !

' Anf. Yes.

5. If you had been in the Situation described by the Captain, would you have flood to the East* ward

Anf.I think I should have flood to the Westward, after having lain to, as he did. Five Hours, if the Wind had been South; if to the Westward of South,-

I should have flood more to the Southward.

6. Do you think, if there had been double tho Number of Hands on board, it would have been a Means of saving the Ship ?

Anf The Ship went to Pieces immediately; I apprehend, if any Thing was the Loss of the Ship,

II was the Detention — (he waS Two Hours Sail from the Place where (he went on Shore when brought to — With the Wind at South, if it blew hard, 1 don’t know whether (he would have cleared the Land. I suppose the Master apprehended hirmelf far enough from Shore when he went to deep.

Said he knew the Master, Moran; that he was esteem-ed a very good Seaman, and a Man of a fair Cha-rafter.

That the Value of the Ship and Freight, and the Goods on board belonging to Dalby, was in his Judgment about £. 1,753.

On the Ship Francis.

To shew the different Methods of hiring Ships by the Government, and the actual hiring of the Ship Francis, whereof Captain Diddear was Master;

31 Dec. 1743. Dalby produced the original Charter.

Party between the Commissioners of Victualling and him, for the Ship Francis, for such Voyage, and on such Terms, as are stated in the Petition: And,

A Charter Party made between the Commissioners of the Navy, and the Owners of a Ship called the hired as a monthly Transport, according to the Second Method of hiring, mentioned in the Petition.

To prove the intended Voyage to Madeira, Carolina, and Lisbon, with a Cargo of Rice upon Dalby'y , Account, — he produced, and read,

14 Jan. 1743-4. A Certificate from the Custom House in London, of Bond being given for Payment of the Duty of the Rice, as usual in such Cases.

17 Jan. 1743-4. Dalby'sLetter of Instructions td

Captap

Dalby’s Petition fat Compenfetioa*

Datt)y*s Pwition for

Cotupcafalioo.

4°4

18* Jprilis.

A. 1769.

Captain Diddear, directing his Proceedings in the said

Voyage.

31 Jan. 1743-4. Dalby's Letter to Yeomans, his Cor-

respondent at Smith Carolina, directing him to provide the Cargo of Rice.

Dalby produced Nicholas a Witness, who

proved, that no Convoy failed from Port Mahon after the Francis was discharged, till the 9th of February 1744-5.

To prove the Deviation from the Voyage stipulated with the Commissioners, the breaking the Charter Party, and the Employment of the Ship afterwards in the Manner of a Monthly Transport j Dalby produced and read,

31 ‘ March 1744. Sir Charles Hardy's Orders to Cap-

tain Murray, to carry the Francis to Lisbon.

20 May. Protest made by Captain Diddear upon his Arrival ^t Lisbon, of the Proceedings on the Voyage from Spithead thither.

15 Sept. 1744. Protest made by Diddear, at Gibraltar of the Proceedings of the Voyage from to his

Arrival there.

And as to the subsequent Proceedings of the Ship, as stated in the Petition, the Time of her Discharge from the Public Service at , her

proceeding from thence to Madeira, and taking on board a Cargo of Wine, viz. 40 Pipes on Dalby’s Account, and her being taken by the Enemy oh her Voyage to Carolina in 1745:

Dalby read Part of an Answer, put in by the Commissioners of Victualling, to a Bill filed by Captain Diddear, in the Court of Exchequer, in 1745, against Dalby, and to which the Commissioners were made Parties; and read also several Parts of the Deposition of Richard Burnley, examined as a Witness in the said Cause.

28 Jan. 1744-5. A Letter from Dalby to the Commissioners, inclosing the Certificate of the Ship’s Discharge at Mahon, 21 November 1745 } and mentioning his Demand on account of the Breach of the Charter Party, and Deviation from the stipulated Voyage, and Mif-em-ployment of his Ship j and desiring Satisfaction.

4 March 1744-5. A Letter wrote by to the Commissioners, proposing to have the Matter settled in an amicable and reasonable Way.

10 July 1745. Dolby's Letter to the Commissioners, requesting £. 300 on Account of this Ship; which was refused.

The Commissioners of Victualling having produced several Pieces of Evidence, to shew on what Terms they had settled with several Owners of other Ships employed in carrying Provisions for the Fleet in the Mediterranean, under similar Charter Parties with that for the Francis, in order to establish that Settlement as a Rule in this Cafe;

Dalby, in order to shew a material Difference between his Cafe, and that of the Frederick, and others, which were mentioned, produced the following Evidence:

11 May 1745. Certificate from the Custom House in London, of the Entry of the Ship Frederick; whereby it appeared, (he had on board a full Loading of Tobacco from Virginia, viz. 553 Hogsheads, betides other Goods.

Several Bills of Lading, signed by William Loney, the Master of the Ship Frederick, for Tobaccos, the Freight, of which was £.\(b per Ton, of Hogsheads, which for

553 Hogsheads amounts to £. 2,200, and upwards.

To prove the Value of the Ship Francis at the Time Ihe failed from London;

Alexander Clunie, a Merchant, formerly a Commander of a Ship, acquainted, with the Outfit of Ships between London and Carolina, and with Shipping, above 30 Years; having inspected an original Account of the nrft Cost at Boston of the Ship Francis, formerly proved by Mr. Alderman Trecothick, a Member of the Committee, upon a Calculation made, declared the Ship, fitted as (he was, must, at the Time of her (ailing, be worth about 11 or £.12 per Ton.

And, being further examined, declared, That to be let by the Month to the Government, and to be insured by them, (lie was worth about £. 140 per Month.

To shew by Analogy from a Determination in a similar Cale, That the Charter Party for the Francis was broke, by Law; Dalby produced the Record of the Court of King's Bench, in the Cause between Black and the Commissioners of Victualling, and the Postea indorsed thereon; and several Rules of the Court of King's in that Cause; whereby it appeared,

That the Jury on the Trial of that Cause found Two Fads, to wit. That Government were to find the Convoy; and, that there was no Necessity for the Ship’s going into Lisbon: And they assessed the Damages for taking the Ship in there, at One Penny.

That the Verdict found was subject to the Opinion of the Court, whether a new Trial should be granted or not; and, in Easter Term 1747, the Court, on folema Argument, established the Verdict of the Jury, and refused a new Trial.

Dalby produced a Report of the Commissioners of Victualling to the Lords of the Admiralty, bearing Date 27 April 1764, upon a Reference to them of a Petition presented by Dalby and Downes to His Majesty, praying to be relieved, in respect to some Hardships, whereby they alledged Dalby and his Family had been injured: Upon which, the Commissioners were directed to re-consider what had before passed between their Lordships and the Commissioners on that Subject; and to lay before them a full State of the Cafe, with their Opinion thereon.

Whereby it appears. That the Commissioners in that Report omitted to date the Penny Breach above mentioned, in the Trial of Black and the Commissioners, and the Two several Facts found by the Jury, as above mentioned — And,

That in their said Report, in dating the Charter Party for the Ship Hope, they omitted to (late that the Ship was to proceed on the Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting — that the Owner was bound in a large,

for the true Performance of the Charter Party — And for what was to be paid, done, and performed on his Part, the Commissioners had set the Seal of Office.

The Commissioners of Victualling, as a Justification of their Conduct, in refusing to pay Dalby any more Money on account of the said Ship Francis, than the Freight stipulated by the Charter Party, and Demurrage at the same Rate as had been allowed by them to other Ships, which had been hired for the same Service; having produced the Record in the Court of Exchequer, in a Cause between Harley and the Commissioners of Victualling, touching the Ship; whereby it appeared, That the Jury in that Trial had found a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and assessed the Damages at £.1,307.135. 2\d. And having, for the same Purpose, proved "by the Evidence of Robert Baxter, the Commissioners Solicitor, That they bad, on the 17th January 1756, tendered to Dalby the Sum of £. 939. 17 4 as a full

Satisfaction with what they had before paid him, for all his Damages on account of the Ship Francis; and had shewn to him at the same Time, by a Computation thereof in Writing, that the same was made up agreeable to the Verdict in the Court of King’s Bench, in the Cause of Black and Bliss, and the Verdict in the Court of Exchequer above mentioned;

JJalby referred to the Evidence herein before stated, touching the said Trial in the King’s Bench, and as to the Verdict in the Exchequer, in the Cause of the Hope.

‘He produced Two of the Jurors on that Trial, to wit, John Irish, and Charles Coster, who being severally examined, declared to the following Effect; That, upon the Cause being opened, and a Witness called for the Plaintiff, the Counsel for the Crown would not admit

him

9 Geo. III. i° MaiL 449

lattes to the Repair of the Road ,from )Vats Cross to An Act for indemnifying and Ro[alB^ent

Cowden; and for repairing the Roads leading from Francis Twijleton, Esquires, the Purchasers of certain to Seven-oaks Common to CrockliurftHatch Corner, and from Linds and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford,

Penfhurst Town to Sont/thorough; in the said County 1 belonging to James Gentleman, and Charlotte his An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Two Wife, as to the Payment of their Purchase Money, and Acts for amending several Roads leading from the City settling the same for the Purposes therein mentioned: of Exeter; and for repairing and widening several other An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Roads therein mentioned; and for rebuilding or re- Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds,

pairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading within the Township of Bishop Wilton, in the East Riding thereto more commodious} and for building a Bridge of the County of York:

Over the River Ede, at or near Countess Wear, in the An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

County of Devon: and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

An Act for repealing so much of Two several Acts Manor and Parish of Sundon, in the County of of Parliament, made and palfed in the Seventeenth and ford:

Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields,

King George the Second, as relate to the’Road from the Meadows, Pastures, and all other Open, Commonable,

End of the County of Stafford, in the Poll Road towards and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hucknal Torkard, the City of Cheffer, through Woor, in the County of in the County of Nottingham:

Salop, to Nantwick, in the County of Chester, and from An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Corii-Nantwichto Tarporley, and from thence, through Tar- mon Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, within

tin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of the Manor and Lordlliip of Coin Saint in the

Chester; and for more effectually repairing, widening County of

and supporting, the same Road; and also for repairing An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, id - .*

County of Chester, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid: the Liberties of Sudbrook, within the Manor and Parillf

An Act fordischargingcertain Estates of Denys Rolle, of Ancaster, in the County of Lincoln: fefquire, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, from . An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields*

the Uses thereof limited and declared; and for veiling Meadows, and Pastures, in the Lordship of

the same in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the Pur- within the Manor and Parish of Claypole, in the County chafe Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; and of Lincoln:

for settling other Estates in the County of Devon, of An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons* greater Value, to the like Uses: or Moors, within the Township of Bramley, in the Parish

An Act for revoking and making void Part of the of Braithwell, in the County of York:

Trulls declared by an Act of Parliament, palfed in the An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open, and Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Groundsi tuled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estates in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of Oxford:

of Robert Dolman, Esquire, in Pocklington and else- An Act for inclosing certain Common and Uninclosed t4 where, in the County of York, for discharging the Tracts of Land, in the Parishes of Horjington, Wine an-Debts and Incumbrances of himself and Robert Dol- ton, and Mapperton, in the county of :

man the Younger, his Eldest Son, affecting the same; An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

" and for making Provision for Robert Dolman the Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds,

Younger,-and for the Younger Children of Robert within the Townships of Beckingham and Sutton, in the " Dolman the Elder;" and for declaring other Trulls Manor and Parish of Beckingham, in the County of

relative thereto; and for making Provision for Pay- coinr

’ment of other Debts and Incumbrances of the said An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, oy Robert Dolman the Elder and Robert Dolman the Common, in the Township of in the Parish of

Younger, not provided for by the said Act; and for Wolftngba and within the Manor of in the making a Recompence and Provision for the First and County Palatine of Durham:

other Sons in Succession, or other Heir of the Bodies of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-xhe said Robert. Dolman the Younger, and Peggy his mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Wife, during the Lives of their said Father and Mother, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the and the Survivor of them; and for the better Security Parish and Liberty of Pavenham, in the County of Bed-of Purchasers under the said Act: ford:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Reverend Thomas Whit ehurst. Clerk, and Sarah his Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Pa-Wife, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, in the rish and Township of Bedworth, in the County of Waf-said Thomas Whitehurst, in Fee Simple: and for settling wick; and for regulating certain Charity Estates within other Estates of the said Thomas Whitehurst, in the said the said Parish:

County of Hertford, to the same Uses as the said Estates An Act for dividing and inclosing a Certain Open were settled; and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the

An Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, Townships and Liberties of Upper Middleton Cheney, and certain Agreements, entered into between William Hurst, Lower M in the County of Northampton:

William Powell, Esquires, and others, for railing Money, . An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, out of the Estates late of Thomas Herbert, Esquire, in Common Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, the Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth, for Payment within the Manor and Township of Aclome, in the East of the Debts and Legacies of Lucy Allen, and for other Riding of the County of York:

Purposes; and for settling the Residue of the said An Act for embanking, draining, and preferring, cer-Estates to the Uses of her Will: tain Low Grounds in the Parishes or Townships of

An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, the Free- Laneham, Rampton, Trefwelt, South Leverton, North

hold and Inheritance of the Estate of George Markham, LevertonHabbleflhorpe, otherwise

Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, along with brough, Sturton, Fenton, and West Burton, in the County a precedent Term therein; and for other Purposes: of Nottingham:

An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Settle- An Act to enable the Right honourable James ment of Peregrine Bertie, Esquire, with Catherine his ville, and the Right honourable Charles Earl Corn-

pfd’ent Wife: wallis, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, Us

Vol. 32. 5 Y Vice

45®

Mail.

A. 1769.

Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Pay-maftef relation to the {ending and receiving Letters and' General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom Packets free from the Duty of Portage; and to ex-of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment plain and amend the said Act j without any Amend'

African Forts, See.

Viking of Sah-Petrc.

of the said Offices 1

An Act to enable William heretofore Called

William Moseley, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Waljh, pursuant to the Will of William Waljh, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Samuel Canale, Esquire; and to enable him, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Thorold:

An Act for naturalizing Gerard Backus, and Leonard Holls:

An Act for naturalizing John Hoffman.

Ordered, That the several Books, containing Reports and Drawings relating to a Survey, taken in the Years r755 and 1756, of the British Forts on the Coast of Africa, together with a Numerical Lift of the said Books, and also a brief Recapitulation of the Forts — Aftica\ which were presented to the House upon the 7th Day of March 17 57,be returned to t he Office of Ord nance*

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to direct any Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to be issued to Frederick Lafonta the, or to such Person or Persons as His Majesty shall think proper, to encourage the making of Salt-Petre in Great Britain, under the Inspection of His Majesty’s Board of Ordnance; and to

meat: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon, certain Goods removed from the Out Ports, and other Places, to London-, for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in the Province of in; for allowing to the Receivers

General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservatioa of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces,. and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkneywithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Aik Act for reviving several Acts, for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles, and for indemnifying Justices of the Peace, and others, who have acted under the said Acts; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits; and for allowing further Time for paying Duties omitted to be paid upon Contrafts with Clerks and Apprentices; for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts,

fr His »*.- "» S- - !"fc£v£E\3

John Bill the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat,

Supply Bill} Dutiee on Culioma*

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Adjoortiment#

and for allowing the same to be landed for Home Con* fumption; and for preventing Parish Poor being paid in tale or counterfeit Coin; without any Amendments And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act for further encouraging the Growth and Culture A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. of raw Silk, in His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations ut

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till this Day Sevennight.

Supply Bill; Suiking Fund.

Supply Bill; Militia.

!Browning:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a certain Sum, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloth- Vlr "aKJfx> ... ... - r.

ina «f th. Mllirif in that nf Britain called of Esquire; and that the Counsel

Supply Bill; Applying certain Monies.

Supoly Bill; Export of Iron, *c.

ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discontinuing, upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Drawback of such Part of the Duties payable thereon as exceeds the Duties payable upon Iron imported in British Ships; to prohibit the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the Pre-emption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of the Navy; to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His 'present Majesty’s Reign, as discontinued the Draw

Brick*,

See

America, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blid~ worth, in the County of Nottingham, without an/' Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at One of the Clock, proceed to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, lb far as the same relates to the Election

Supply Bill; Culture of raw Silk>

Blidworth

Inclosure

Middlesex

Election.

be called in at that Hour.

Ordered, That the Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, Who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Henry Lowes Luttrell, Esquire, for the County of Middlesex, do, by themselves, or by their Agent or Agents, on or before Saturday next, deliver to the said Mr. Luttrell', or his Agent or Agents, a List, or Lifts, of the Persons intended by them to be objected to, who voted for the said Mr Luttrell, giving in the said List or Lists, the

several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the said Mr. Luttrell do, by himself, or his Agent or Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on his Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

The House was moved, that the several Entries in the Votes of this House, of the second and Third

Privilege.

back upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported; for pro- Days of last, in relation to the Complaint made

viding a Compentatic to the Clerks in the Offices of to the House, that 1 Allen, Esquire, had chai-the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages lenged Sir William Meredith, Baronet, a Member of this such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an House, for Words spoke by the said Member in his Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Place, in this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this present Majesty, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in House, might be read.

18 And

9 Geo. III.

i* — 8* — 9® Mail.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that there was tea-ibn to apprehend, that the said Mr. AUen continued to entertain the same Resentment against Sir William Mere* ditk, and had refused to make any Acknowlegement of his Offence to the said Member;

And the House being likewise informed, that the said

4Si

of the Petition of the Freeholders of rise County of

M.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read.

AncJ the Order, made upon the 29th Day of April I aft, for hearing this Day, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the said Petition, so far as the same relates to Mr. Allen had expressed some Resentment against the the Election of Henry Esquire, was also

Honourable Robert Boyle Walsingham, a Member of this read.

House, for Words fboken by the said Mr. Walsingham, And the Standing Order of the House, made the '. in a Debate in this House; 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel

Ordered, Nemiue contradicente, That Sir William Me- 4t the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of redith. Baronet, and the Honourable Robert Boyle Wal- Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touch-fingham, be enjoined not to accept any Challenge from ing the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Par-the said Mr. Allen; and if they shall receive any fnfult liament, for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque from him, that they do acquaint this House therewith. Port, or Place contrary to the last Determination in the at their next Meeting. House of Commons, was also read.

Ordered, Nemiue contradicente. That the said Sir Wit- ' And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard; and Uam Meredith, and Mr. Walsingham, be enjoined forth- having proposed to produce Evidence, 'to shew that the with to give Information to a Civil Magistrate of every Numbers upon the Poll were for Mr. Wilkes 1,143, and Thing that has come to their Knowledge, relative to the for Mr. LuttreH 296

Matter complained of against the said Mr. Allen upon The same was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting the Second Day of February last. Member.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Henry Lawes Luttrell, Esquire, is duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex i The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

PifrUege

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lun<ey 8s Maii;

Anno 9* Georgii III,i kegis, 1769.

Kurthampte*

Ekdkm.

Prayers.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners were ordered t<J attend upon the Hearing of the Matter of the contested Election for the said Town, at the Bar of this House, in this Session of Parliament i but have not been satisfied for their Trouble and Expence, in leaving their Homes, and being absent from their Families and Business: And therefore praying the House, to take their same into Consideration, and order them such Redress as ljball seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be paid their reasonable Charges by the Parties on whose Behalf they were summoned to attend this House; and that such Charges be settled by Mr. Speaker.

- A Complaint being made to the House, that in a printed News Paper, intituled, The Gazetteer and

forth.

TeUers for the Noe, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

221

152*

And the House, having continued to fit till past Two of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till tHis Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 9* die Maii 5

Anno 9# Georgii IIItU Regis, 1769. Prayers.

/\Rdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out. a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambrin the room of the

New Daily Advertiser, Saturday, May 6, 1769, printed Honourable Charles Sloan Cadogan, who, finee his Election

" for Charles Say, in Newgate Street j" and also m ano--ther printed Paper, intituled, " The Liverpool Chronicle, " Thwfday, March 9, 1769, printed and sold by T. Cow-

burne, in Falcon Alley, Castle are contained

Paragraphs reflecting upon the Character of Sir William Meredith, Baronet, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House j

for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Master and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the DistriCtof Burghs of Stirling, Dunferm-

And the said printed News Papers being brought up lino, Culrofs, Queensferry, and in the room of

to the Table;

And the said Paragraghs being read;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, together with their Opiniont hereupon, to the House.

James Mafierton, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Barrack Master General in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

K*Ulkfu

Jtlc&iou.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter ment for the Borough of Richmond, Vox.. 3 2,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-

in the County of

Cambridge

Writ.

Stilling

\Nrit.

Richmond

Writ.

452 bBrMaii: 1769.

of Fork, in the roofo of Alexander tVedderburn, Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Heniredy in the County of

l

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-tteuXy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Royal Assent Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to Bills, to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying, a certain Sum, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by, a Lottery:

An Act for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine:

An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports, and other Places, to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in the Province of Senegambia, in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwal/t in the Islands of Orkney:

An Act for discontinuing, upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Drawback of such Part of the Dutie^ayable thereon as exceeds the Duties payable upon Iron imported in British Ships; to prohibit the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the Pre-emption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of the Navy; to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as discontinued the Drawback upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported; for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and to explain and amend the said Act:

An Act for reviving several Acts, for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles, and for indemnifying Justices of the Peace, and others, who have acted tinder the said Acts; and for indemnifying Persons who' have omitted to make and file Affidavits; and for allowing further Time for paying Duties omitted to be paid upon Contrafts with Clerks and Apprentices; for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for re-paying to Joseph Clover and John Bill the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing the same to be landed for Home Consumption; and for preventing Parish Poor being paid in bale or counterfeit Coin:

An Act for further encouraging the Growth and Cul-; ture of raw Silk, in His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America:

An Act to permit the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in Ameticea, for a limited Time; and for taking off $he Duties upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in lieu thereof; for indemnyfying all Persons with respect so advising or executing any of His Majesty’s Orders of Council, 5: prohibiting the Importation of Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, ‘ of infefted Cattle; and to authorize the Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future:

An Act for explaining, amending, and continuing, ati Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His pre- .

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England:

: An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine;

An Act to empower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed by this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Waj»s to and from a Free Bridge by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said County; and also to empower the Persons in Possession of the said Estate for the Time being, under the said Will, to grant Leafesof-certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor; and like-wife to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds, and Springs of Water, within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens

of Bath-, and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, over Part of the said Manor of Bathwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:.

An Act for vesting the Estates of the Right honour- , .

able William late Earl of Stafford, deceased, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, devised by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes:

An Act for vesting in Trustees several real Estates, late of Jane Torre, Widow, deceased, in Hefsle, Tranby,.

Anlaby, and clfewfiere, within the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, which were given and deVifed, by her Will, to and for the Benefit of the Reverend,

Mr. James Torre, Clerk, her Son, and his Children, upon Trull, to fell, the fame, and apply the Money to arise by the Sale in Manner therein expressed:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blid-worth, in the County of Nottingham.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a mod. His gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Majesty* Parliament, as followeth; viz. Peec

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

pjAving thought it necessary to give so early a Com-, mencement to the present Session of Parliament, I ani glad to find, that, by your Zeal and Assiduity in the Dispatch of the Tublic Business, I am now enabled to’ relieve you from your Attendance, before the Season of the Year is too far advanced.

I cannot put an End to the Session, without expressing My entire Approbation of your Conduct: and thanking you for that clear Demonllration which your Pro-, ceedings, through the whole Course of the Session, have afforded to all the World, of the affectionate Attachment of My Parliament to My Person and Govetnment, as well as of their Heady Adherence to the true Intercll of their Country.

It

9 Geo. III. 9sMail — 14° Junii — .19° — 2o° 453

It was with much Satisfaction that I observed your particular Attention £0 those great National Objects, which, at the Opening of the Session, I recommended to your more immediate Consideration. The Result of your Deliberations respecting the late Acquisitions in the' East Indies has shewn, that you were not more attentive to the immediate Benefit arising therefrom, in point of Revenue, than to the securing, at all Events, the permanent commercial , Interests of this Country; and guarding against every possible Discouragement to Our own Manufactures, and to the Industry of My Subjects. What more remains to be done for securing the Possession of those valuable Acquisitions, you will, I doubt not, proceed to provide for with all convenient Dispatch at your next Meeting.

The Measures which I had taken regaiding the late unhappy DisturbaRces in North America, have been already laid before you. They have received your Approbation; and you have assured Me of your firm Support in the Prosecution of them. Nothing in My Opinion could be more likely to enable the well-disposed among My Subjects in that Part of the World, effectually to discourage and defeat the Designs of the Fadious and Seditious, than the hearty Concurrence of every Branch of the Legislature in the Resolution of maintaining the Execution of the Laws in every Part of My Dominions; and there is nothing I more ardently wish for, than to fee it produce that good Effect.

With respect to Foreign Affairs, My own Determination, as well as the Assurances given Me by the other Powers of Europe, continue the fame, as I communicated to you at the Beginning of this, Session. And however unfuccesful My Attempts have proved for preventing the unfortunate Rupture which has happened between Raffia and the Porte, I shall not fail to use My good Offices towards restoring Peace between those Powers j and, I trust that the Calamities of War will not extend to any other Part of Europe.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

My particular Thanks are due to you, as well for the Supplies which you have granted Me for the Services of the current Year, as for the Provision which you have made, for enabling Me to discharge the Debt incurred upon Account of My Civil Government. Your Rea-diness in relieving Me from the Difficulties increasing upon Me from the Continuance of that Debt, I shall ever consider as an additional Motive for Me to endeavour to confine the Expences of My Civil Government within such Bounds, as the Honour of My Crown can possibly admit.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It gives Me great Concern to be obliged to recommend to you, with more than ordinary Earnestness, that you would all, in your several Countries, exert your utmost Efforts for the Maintenance of public Peace, and of good Older, among My People. You must be fen-fible, that whatever obstructs, in any Degree, the regular Execution of the Laws, or weakens the Authority of the Magistrate, must lessen the only Security which My People gan have for the undisturbed Enjoyment of their Rights and Liberties. From your Endeavours in this Common Cause I promise Myself the most salutary Effect. On My Part, no Countenance or Support shall be wanting: For as I have ever made, and ever shall make, Our excellent Constitution the Rule of My own Conduct, so shall I always consider it as equally My Duty to exert every Power with which that Constitution has intrusted Me, for preserving it lafe from Violation of every Kind; being fully convinced, that, in so doing, I tKa.Il most effectually provide for the true Interest and Happiness of my People.

After which, the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, Laid;

Vol. 32.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that Parliament this Parliament be prorogued to the 14th *>ror°sue<*‘

Day of June next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to We the 14th

Day of June next.

Mercuriiy 140 die Junii \

Anno 9® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1769.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament

Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the further Country;: rorojue y

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the C ommission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: where the Commission was read for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Wednesday the 19th Day of July next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Wednesday the 19th Day of July next.

Mercurii, 190 Julii;

Anno 9® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1769.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the further Country; Prorogued.

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Uftier of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read,

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Wednesday the 20th Day of September next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Wednesday the 20th Day of September next.

Mercuriiy 200 Septembris,

Anno 9® Georgii III. Ht Regis, 1769.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the further Country; prorogued.

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Uffier of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this 5 Z 1 Honour-

Parliament further Prorogued.

---

454 20° Septembris — 14° Novembris 1769.

Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 14th Day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 14th Day of November next.

Martis, 14° die Novembris,

Anno 10° Georgii III*** Regis, 1769.

[Parliament further Prorogued.]

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 9th Day of January next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 9th Day of January next.

455

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

---

Message to attend the King.

Members take Oath.

Outlawry

fciU.

The King’s Speech reported.

Martis, 9* die Januarii $

Anno to® Georgii III'14 Regis, 1770.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir,

Mo/jtuux, Gentleman Uiher of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend; His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being leturned;

Several Members present, and several Members re7 turned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and ntfde and subscribed the Declaration, and took and lubscribpd the Oath of Abjura.ion, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in-such Account, and took and lubscribed jtbe laid Oatl^» accordingly. '

! -1 /

A Bill for the more effectual preventing, clandestioe -Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House bad attended His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was plealed to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes,. obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is with much Concern that I find Myself obliged to open this Session of Parliament with acquainting you,. that the Distemper among the Horned Cattle has lately broke out in this Kingdom; notwithstariding every Precaution that could be used for preventing the Infection from foreign Parts. Upon the first Notice of its actual Appearance, My next Attention was to endeavour to flop, if possible, its farther Progress: And, as the Success of those Endeavours must, in all Probability, have been intirely defeated by any the least Degree of Delay in the Application of them, I thought it absolqtely ne-Vol. 3a.

ceflary, with the Advice of My Privy Council, to give immediate Direct ions, for every Step to be taken,* that appeared most capable of checking the instant Danger of the Spreading of the Inftction, until I could> have an Opportunity of consulting My Parliament upon some rpore permanent Measures, for securing us against so. great a Calamity j And to your immediate and most (eripus Consideration I. earneiily recommend this( very important Object.,; . r.

’ I have given ;My Parliament repeated Aiffurances, that it has always been My.fixed Purpose to preserve the general; Tranqqillity; maintaining, at the same Time, tJiejDjgnity and Honour of^My Crown, together with the just-Rights, and Interests of My People. . The uncommon Bprthens which My Suj?je£b have, borne so chearfylly, in order to bring . thy late War-to a trappy. ConduGon* must be an additional Motive to make Me vigilant, to prevent. the pres^qt Disturbances in JLuropc from extending tq any Part, tyhere^he Security, Hpnour, or Interest of this Nation may, makie it necessary for My Crown to, become a Party. The Assurances w,hich I receive from the other Great Powers afford Me Reason to believe, that My Endeavours will continue to be fuc-cefsful. I shall (till make die. general Interests of Europe the Object of My Attention $ and, while 1 steadily support My. own Rights, I shall be equally careful not to acknowledge the Claims of ahy other Powers, contrary to the Limitations of the late Treaties of Peace.

_ It is needjefs for Me to rgc.pmmend to the serious Attention of My Parliament the State of My Government in America. I have endeavoured, on My Part, by every Meafis, to bring back My Subjects there to their Duty, and to a due Sense of lawful Authority. It gives Me much Concern to inform you, that the Success of My Endeavours has not answered My Expectations; and that, in some of My Colonies, many Persons have embarked in Measures highly unwarrantable, and calculated to destroy the commercial Connection between them and the Mother Country.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the proper Efti mates for the Service of the current Year to be laid before you. I am persuaded that your Affcction for My Person and Governr ment, and your Zeal for the Public Good, will induce - you to grant such Supplies as are necessary j and you may be allured, that, on My Part, they shall be managed with the strictest (Economy. . *

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

As the Welfare and Prosperity of My People have 6 A always

45$

9* Janua

A. 1770.

Add ref* on the King’s Speech*

always been the Object of My Willies, and the Rule of My Actions; lb I am persuaded, from My Experience of yo\it Conduit, that you jvill be governed in your Proceedings by the same Principles. My re^dy Concurrence and Support in every Measure that may serve to promote those Ends, you may always depeod upon. On you it will be now, more than ever, incumbent, most carefully to avoid all Heats and Ani-mofities amongst yourselves, and to cultivate that Spirit of Harmony which becomes those who have but one common Object in their View’, and which may be most likely to give Authority and Efficacy to the Result of your Deliberations. Such a Conduit, on your Part, will, above all Thins, contribute to maintain in their projfey Lujftre, the Strength, the Reputation, and the P/oTperity of this Country j to strengthen the Attachment of My Subjects to that excellent Constitution of Government, from which they derive such distinguished Advantages; and to cause the firm Reliance and Confidence which I have in the Wisdom of My Parliament, as well as in their Zed for the true Interest of My People, to be justified and approved both at Home and Abroad.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne.

To express to His Majesty our serious Concern, that, notwithstanding every Precaution which could be used for preventing the Communication of the infectious Disorder among the Horned Cattle from foreign Parts, that most alarming Distemper appears to have again broke out in feme Parts of the Kingdom; and at the same Time to declare, that we are truly feniible of His Majesty’s paternal Care and Vigilance for the Security of His People, in having given the earliest Directions for every Measure to be pursued, that might be most likely to give an immediate Check to thefmt Spreading of the Infection; and that we will not fail to take this most important Matter into our immediate Consideration, and to make such Provisions as shall appear best calculated to carry into effectual and complete Execution His Majesty’s lalutary Intentions; and thereby, as far 9s by human Means can be accomplished, to guard igainst the Danger of fe great i Calamity becoming general.

To assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons have too just a Sense of the Blessings of Peace, and feel, with His Majesty, too tended a Concern for the Ease of their Fellow Subjects, pot to rejoice at the Prolpelt which the Assurances given by the other Great Powers of Europe afford to His Mafjfefty, that the present Disturbances will not extend to any Part, where the Security, Honour, or Interest of this Naticin may make it necessary for His Majesty to become a Party; that w$ have the fullest Confidence that His Majesty will never be unmindful of those important Objects; and that we observe with great Satisfaction His Majesty’s wife Attention to the general Interetls of , in His De-

termination not to acknowledge any Claims of any of the other Powers of Europe, contrary to the Limitations of the late Treaties of Peace.

To express 9ur sincere Concern, that His Majesty’s Endeavours to bring back His Subjects in America to a just Sense of their Duty have hitherto proved so little fuc-cefsful i and to assure His Majesty, that, as the State of His Majesty’s Governmertt there does undoubtedly well deserve the serious Attention of Parliament, no Endeavours shall be wanting on out Part to make effectual Provisions against the unwarrantable Measures carried on in feme of His Majesty’s Colonies, which are fe hreconcilcable to every Principle of commercial Sub-ferviency to the Interest of the Mother Country that ought to prevail in Colonies, and which, by attempting

*7

to subject the highest legal Authority to the Controul of Individuals, tend to iubvert the Foundation of all Governtnent.

To assure His Majesty, that we will, with the utmost Chearfulness and Dispatch, grant the necessary Supplies for the Service of the current Year.

To acknowledge, with the warmest Gratitude, that the Welfare of these Kingdoms has been the constant Object of His Majesty’s Wilhes, and the unvaried Rule of His Actions.

To offer to His Majesty our most dutiful Thanks, for the favourable Opinion which His Majesty is pleased to entertain of the Conduit of His Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that we will steadily persevere in such Principles as are most agreeable to the true Spirit of this free Constitution, and invariably pursue such MeafuTes as are most conducive to the real Happiness of the People.

To declare, that, earnestly desirous of justifying to all the World His Majesty’s gracious’Declaration of His Confidence in tts, we will make it our Study to avoid all Heats and Animosities amongst ourselves, which, we are truly feniible, is at this Time peculiarly necessary, to give Weight to our Deliberations, to establish the Prosperity, and to maintain in its true Lustre the Reputation, of this Country.

And that, while we on our Fart are faithfully executing the Trust reposed in us, by endeavouring to the utmost of our Power to promote these good Ends, we trust that all who live under this happy Constitution will be convinced how indispensably it is their Duty to pay that Obedience to the Laws, and just Reverence to lawful Authority, by which alone their own Rights can be preserved, and the distinguished Blessings which they enjoy above all other Nations be rendered secure and permanent.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

In the last Paragraph to leave out the Word " while" after the Word " that 5" to leave out the Word " are" after the Word " Part," and to insert the Word " will" instead thereof; to leave out the Word " executing" after the Word, faithfully," and to insert the Word " execute" instead thereof; and to leave out the Words " wc trust," and to insert, " and also by immediately " enquiring into the causesof the unhappy Discontents " which at present prevail in every Part of His Majesty’s " Dominions, trotting* instead thereof.

And the Question bong put, That the Word " while" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fellers for the Noes, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an bumble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne.,

To express to His Majesty our serious Concern, that, notwithstanding every Precaution which could be used for preventing the Communication of the infectious Disorder among the Horned Cattle from foreign Parts, that most alarming Distemper appears to have again broke out in feme Parts of the Kingdom; and at the same Time to declare, that we are truly feniible of His Majesty’s paternal Care and Vigilance for the Security of His People, in having given the earliest Directions for every Measure to be pursued, that might be most

xo Geo. III. 9* Janaarii* 45

lilcely to give an immediate Check to the first Spreading of the Infection; and that we will not fail to take this most important Matter into our immedi^ Considera* tion, and to make such Provisions as shall appear best calculated to carry into effectual and complete Execution His Majesty’s salutary Intentions; and thereby, as far as by human Means can be accomplished, to guard against the Danger of so great a Calamity be-, coming general.

To allure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons have too just a Sense of the Blessings of Peace, and feel, with His Majesty, too tender a Concern for the Ease of their Fellow Subjects, not to rejoice at the Prospect which the A flu ranges given by the other Great Powers of Europe afford to His Majesty, that the present Disturbances will not extend to any Part, where the Security, Honour, or Interest of this Nation may make it necessary for His Majesty to become a Party; that we have the fullest Confidence that His Majesty will never be unmindful of those important Objects; and that we bblerve with great Satisfaction His Majesty’s wife Attention to the general Interests of Europe, in His Determination not to acknowledge any Claims of any of the other Powers of Europe, contrary to the Limitations of the late Treaties of Peace.

To express our sincere Concern, that His Majesty’s Endeavours to bring back His Subjects in America to a just Sense of their Duty have hitherto proved so little fuc-cefsful; and to allure His Majesty, that, as the State of His Majesty’s Government there does undoubtedly well deserve the serious Attention of Parliament, no Endeavours shall be wanting on our Part to make effectual Provisions against the unwarrantable Measures carried on in some of His Majesty’s Colonies, which are so irreconcileable to every Principle of commercial Sub-ferviency to the Interest of the Mother Country, that ought to prevail in Colonies, and which, by attempting to subject the highest legal Authority to the Controul of Individuals, tend to subvert the Foundation of all Government.

To allure His Majesty, that we will, with the utmost Chearfulness and Dispatch, grant the necessary Supplies for the Service of the current Year.

To acknowledge, with the warmest Gratitude, that the Welfare of these Kingdoms has been the constant Object of His Majesty’s Willies, and the" unvaried Rule of His Actions.

To offer to His Majesty our most dutiful Thanks, for the favourable Opinion which His Majesty is pleated to entertain of the Conduct of His Parliament; and to allure His Majesty* that we will steadily persevere in such Principles as are most agreeable to the true Spirit of this free Constitution, and invariably pursue such Measures as are most conducive to the real Happiness of the People.

To declare, thatearneftly desirous of jullifying to all the World His Majesty’s gracious Declaration of His Confidence in us, we will make it our Study to avoid all Heats and Animosities amongst ourselves, which, we are truly sensible, is at this Time peculiarly necessary, to give Weight to our Deliberations, to establish the Prosperity, and to maintain in its true Lustre the Reputation, of this Country.

And that, while we on our Part are faithfully executing the Trull reposed in us, by endeavouring to the utmost of our Power to promote these good Ends, we trull that all who live under this happy Constitution will be convinced how indispensably it is their Duty to pay that Obedience to the Laws, and just Reverence to lawful Authority, by which alone their own Rights can be preserved, and the distinguished Blessings which they enjoy above all other Nations be rendered secure and permanent.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

Vol. 3*.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir George born, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Payne, Mr. Hawke, Mr. Dyson, Lord Clare, Mr. Jettkihfon, Mr. Attorney General, General Conway, Mr, Onslow, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. De Grey, Sir - Alexander Gilmour, Lord North, Lord

Barrington, Colonel Onslow, Sir Charles Mr. Rigby; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the flud Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Pan* liament for the Borough of Bishops Castle in the County of Salop, in the room of William Clive, Esquire, who>, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eletting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, in the room of William Cowper, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, in the room of the Right honourable George Bufly Vjlliers, commonly called Lord Viscount VII* Hers, now Earl of Jersey, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Mawes, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Edmund Nugent, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Wmin the County of Sufex, in the room of ’Thomas Orby Hunter, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pettryn, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Francis Basset, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House, having continued to fit till a Quarter pad One of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

BKhops

CaAic

Writ.

Hertford

Writ.

Dove#

Writ.

St. Mawes

Writ.

Winchelsea

Writ.

Penryn

Writ.

45 8

i o° Janua.

1770.

Mtrcurii, 10° *//> januarii;

Anno xo° Georgii III,;i Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

Norwich A Pet'l’on of t^ie Magistrates, Gentlemen, Mer-

°1^1 Jrx. chants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the

Trowfe City of Norwich, and of the principal Owners and In-Ro*d. habitants, of the Towns and Villages contiguous to, or through which the Road hereafter mentioned leads to the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the City of Norwich to Trowfe, in the County of Norfolk, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow, in some Places dangerous, and cannot be properly widened, amended, and kept in good Repair, by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and repairing the Great Road from the Gates called St. Stephen's Gates, in the City of Norwich, to a Place in Trowfe, called Block Hill, where the Road parts to Bixley and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk, for such Term, in such Manner, by such Means, and with such Powers, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Bacon, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Waddington A Petition of the Freeholders, or Persons seised of

Inclosure. Freehold Lands, in IVadding!on, in the County of the City of Lincoln, Lords of the Manor of Waddington aforesaid, the Honourable and Reverend the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln, Lords of the Manor of Meer Hospital, William Pochht, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Somerton Castle, Thomas Beck, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Cherry Willingham, and Thomas Gentleman, Lord of the Manor of Beufoe, Part of which said Manors are within the said Manor and Parish of Waddington, and other Proprietors of the Lands, Meadows, and Common Right, in the Common and Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, of Waddington aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds, of the several Proprietors in the said Fields, lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and cannot, in their present Condition, be improved in the Manner they might be if inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their Interests therein, to be enjoyed in Severalty for ever; and that the Rector and Fellows of Lincoln College, in Oxford, are Patrons of the Redtory and Parish Church of Waddington aforesaid, and the Reverend Sir John Every, Baronet, is Rector thereof, and, as such, is intitled to all or the greater Part of the Tythes, Dues, and Ecclesiastical Rights, arising or renewing within the said Farish; and that the Petitioners are de-Urous, that the said Open and Common Fields and Waste Grounds may be inclosed; and that a certain Parcel of Land, Parcel of the said Fields, may be set apart unto and for such Rector, in Lieu of and as a Satisfaction and Compensation for such Tithes, and may be appropriated to such Redtory for ever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Cuff and Mr. Whichcot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayo'f, Corporation, and Burgh Thetford of Thetford, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and K to of several Gentlemen of the said Counties, Trustees C Road.*

for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Christopher's Bridge, in the said Borough of Thetford, to the North End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge, and also of the Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money now remains due; and that, by the said Act, they are not impowered to erect more than Two Gates upon the said Road, for which Reason, the Tolls thereby granted are not so equally collected, nor the Receipt so great, as if the Trustees were empowered to erect other Gates across the said Road, and also Side Gates, at such Places as they should think fit; and that, in order effectually to amend and keep the said Road in good Repair, it will be necessary to make several other Amendments and Alterations in the said Act, and also to enlarge the present Term of the Act; and representing to the House, that the Road leading from Stow Heath, in the County of Suffolk, through the Turnpike Gate at Elden, to Brandon Bridge, in the same County, being about Nine Miles in Length, is very deep and ruinous; and that, if the same was amended, and kept in good Repair, it would be of great Benefit to Persons having Occasion to make Use of the fame: but such Repairs cannot be completed, and the Road kept in good Repair, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Tefm and Powers of the said Act, and for making Provision therein for amending and keeping in Repair the Branch of Road before-mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr.. Drummond, Mr. Ke'ppel,

Set.: "And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Grand

Committees.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House. /

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. Commits Edmonflone, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. - .

greve, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Coventry, Lord "nVl C-= s Lisburne, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Cujl, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Burke, Mr. Cox, Mr. Mr. Cornwall,

Mr. Jackson, Mr. Darner, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Thurlow,

Lord Clare, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Garlics, Mr. Skip-wit h, Mr. Alauger, Mr. Hamner, Mr. Staunton, Lord Howe, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Vulteney, Mr.

io Geo. III.

io° Januarii.

459

Morton, Mr. Fenner eau, Lord Sir George

Mr. Brickdale, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Alderman Treccthick, Mr. Foley, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Drummond, Sir William Given, Mr. Alderman Saw bridge, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Fownshend, Sir Roger New digate, the Lord Mayor of LondonSir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Waljh, Lord Wenman, Sir , Mr.

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Yorfo, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr. Serjeant

Glynn, Lord George Sack Lord North, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Dy/on, Sir Fletcher Norton, Sir William Bagot, Sir Richard Philips, Mr. the Lord Ad-

vocate of Scotland, Mr. Garth, Mr. Cust, Mr. Baker,

Sir Charles Whitworth, Lord Mr. Parker, Mr.

Cornwall, Sir George G Sir John Molesworth, Sir George Savile, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Pen-ton, Lord Strange, Mr. Salt: And they are to meet ' upon Friday Sevcnnight, at Seven of the Clock in the

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and to fit every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, in the Afternoon } and all who come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges , and to proceed upon Double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time: And all Persons who will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Ufoal Orders. Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Elediou of any Member to serve

in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement to the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

V©L. 32.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of PriviT leges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguiso-ing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting: And that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him j and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care,/ that, from Eleven, of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall mall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passage leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise,' therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster j and that he do fee the same put in Execution,

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody hut by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post

6 B Office

Usual

Orden.

Pontefhft

Election.

460 10° Januarii. A. 1770.

Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Riling of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven; at the Place appointed for the 'Delivery of the said Letters $ and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper tobe communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the lame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the ioth Day of February next.

A Petition of Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, and Edward Winn, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners being Candidates at the late Election for Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of York, were duly elected by a very great Majority of the Persons qualified to vote by the Constitution of the said Borough, as declared by the last Determination of the House of Commons; but that William Crezve, Esquire, the Mayor of the said Borough, presidingat the said Election as Returning Officer, conducted the Poll with the most apparent Partiality to the Interest of William Lord Viscount Gallway, and Henry

Strachey, Esquire, the other Candidates, rejecting without any good Reason assigned, or any just Exception, a very great Majority of the Persons entitled to vote by the Constitution of the said Borough, the last Determination of this House, and the Statutes making such Determination final; and that under Colour of an unfair Majority obtained through these, and divers other arbitrary and illegal Practices of the said Mayor, the said Lord Viscount Gallway and Henry Strachey have been returned by the said Mayor, as having been duly elected to represent the said Borough in Parliament, contrary to the Truth, the last Resolution of this House concerning the Right of Election for the said Borough, in Defiance of the Laws and Constitution requiring fair and free Elections, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the EleClors, and to the great Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as they shall appear to merit, and to do further therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard

at the Bar of this House, upon ethwrjday the First Day of February next.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors for Members to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of PontefraEl, in the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, the Petitioners and many other of the Inhabitants, House-holders, resident within the said Borough, being a very great Majority of the Persons legally entitled by the Constitution of the said Borough, and the last Determination of this House to vote on that Occasion, gave their Voices for Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, and Edward Winn, Esquire; but that William Lord Viscount Gallway, and Henry Strachey, Esquire, the other Candidates, having found Means to engage in their Interest, William Crewe, Esquire, the then Mayor of the said Borough, who presided as Returning Officer at the said Election, took upon himself to reject the Votes of the Petitioners and divers others, who voted for the said Sir Rowland Winn and Edward Winn, under various Pretences, all cither void of Foundation in Truth, or though true, insufficient, as the Petitioners conceive, to support any solid Objection to the Votes so rejected; and particularly, that the Mayor pretended that the Quality of a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, wasamong the Requisitesto a Qualification to vote, and that the Petitioners and others, not having Burgage Tenements, had not any Right to give their Votes, although the last Resolution of this House concerning the Right of Election for the said Borough, was produced and proved, at the said Election; whereby, and by the Statute made in confirmation of the Resolution of this House, the Petitioners conceive, the Privilege of the Petitioners, and all other the Inhabitants, Householders, resident in the said Borough, to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was established and confirmed, and the said Mayor ought not to have violated or impeached the fame; and that the said Mayor, regardless of the just Rights of the Petitioners, permitted a great Number of Persons who had no Right, to poll for the said Lord Gallway and Henry Strachey; and that, by these, and divers other partial and illegal Practices of the said Mayor, and of the said Lord Gallway and Henry Strachey, a colourable Majority was obtained for them against the said Sir Rowland Winn and Edward Winn; and the said Mayor has unduly returned the said Lord Gallway and Henry Strachey, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and also

of the said Sir Rowland Winn and Edward Winn, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; and that the Petitioners, thus unjustly stript of their Franchises, and they, with the Electors in general, deprived of the Representatives of their Choice, and having others imposed on them, whom they have not chosen, can have no adequate Redress but from this House: And therefore praying. That their Rights and Privileges may be preserved to them; and that this House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, and Edward Winn, Esquire, is heard.

A Petition of Thomas Fonuereau, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and ought to have been returned as duly elected; and that Patrick Blake and Walden Hanmer, the other Candidates at the said Election, by Means of Promises, Bribery, and other corrupt, undue, and illegal Practices of them and their Agents, procured themselves to be returned to represent the said Borough in Parliament, contrary to Justice, in

Defiance

Pontefract

Elt&ion.

Sudbury

Eic&iom

io Geo. III. 10° Januanu 401

Defiance of the Laws, in manifest Violation of the Rights of Election, and to the Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to give him such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the Sixth Day

of February next;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question j To leave out " and insert " Thursday" instead thereof; and to leave out Sixth," and insert Eighth " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word "

day" stand Part of the Question;

It paised in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word Thursday" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Sixth" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word Eighth" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the Eighth Day

of February next.

Sudbury A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are EkAion. thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Electors of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of was also

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the _ , said Patrick Blake and Walden having united

in Interest against the said Thomas; Thomas

Fenn, Abraham Griggs, and Peregrine Clarke, were, and acted as Agents or Managers for the said Patrick Blake and Walden Hanmer; and that on the 12th Day of March 1768, and after the issuing of the Writ of Election, the said Patrick Blake and Walden , with a great

Number of the Eledors of the said Borough, being assembled in a certain Place called The Croft, in or near the said Borough, the said Walden Hanmer made very large Promises of Presents and Rewards to the Electors, if he, the said Walden Hanmer, should be elected and returned to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and the said Walden Hanmer did afterwards, on the same Day, in the public Street of the said Borough, make other Promises of the like Nature to many of the Electors of the said Borough; and that the said Thomas Fenn, Abraham Griggs, and Peregrine Clarke, did bribe, and corruptly procure a great Number of the Eledors of the said Borough, to vote for the said Patrick Blake and Walden Hanmer at the said Election; and that by Means of these, and other corrupt, undue, and illegal Practices, the said Patrick Blake and Walden Hanmer did influence and procure a Majority of Votes, although the greatest Part of such Votes were illegal, and ought not to have been taken; and the said Patrick Blake and Walden Hanmer were returned, as having been elected to represent the said Borough in Parliament, in Wrong of the said Thomas Fonnereau, who ought to have been returned; and that the Actions and Proceedings of the said Pdtrick Blake and Walden Hanmer, and the said other Persons acting on their Behalf as aforesaid, being, as the Petitioners conceive, contrary to Justice, in Defiance of the Laws requiring fair and free Elections, and in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and other the free Electors of the said Borough: Therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as shall seem most meet and convenient.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Fonnereau, Esquire, is heard.

Voi.. 32.

A Petition of Hugh Owen was presented to the House, Pembroke and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of Ekftion. a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Pembroke, Sir Richard Philipps, Baronet, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but that John Griffiths, the High Sheriff, although he in Person presided at the Election, illegally appointed several Attornies at Law, who were Friends to the Sitting Member, as Deputies to determine the Legality of Votes; which Deputies were not sworn to do indifferent Justice between the Candidates, and accordingly not being bound by Oaths or other Security, several of them behaved in the most partial, arbitrary, and illegal Manner; the Deputies in the different Booths acting by different Rules, and determining the same legal Questions directly opposite to each other, as belt suited the Purpose of the Sitting Member; and when Complaint was made early on the Second Day of the Poll, to the High Sheriff, of the unjust and illegal Con-dud of those Deputies, and he was himself desired to determine the Legality of Votes, he immediately withdrew from the Polling Places, and wholly absented himself from the Business of the Election until the Poll was just finished, which was late the following Day, when he came back to the Booths to make his Return, but refused to hear any Objections, and denied a Scrutiny of the Votes, though demanded by the Petitioner; and that by these and many other unwarrantable Practices of the said Sheriff, his Deputies, and also of the Agents of the said Sir Richard Philipps, many Persons were admitted to vote for the said Sir Richard Philipps, who were not duly qualified, and many were refused to poll for the Petitioner, who had an undoubted Right to vote* whereby a pretended Majority was procured for the said Sir Richard Philipps, and he has been accordingly returned to serve in Parliament in the said County, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Defiance of the Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief therein, as upon Examination shall appear just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 13th Day of February next.

A Petition of Nathaniel Bayly, Esquire, was presented Abingdon to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the late E<eaioa Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, John Morton, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and that upon closing the Poll upon the Sixteenth Day of March 1768, the Number of Voters for Mr. Morton appeared to be One hundred and Twenty-six, and for the Petitioner One hundred and Twenty-four; and that Seventeen of those who/voted for Mr. Morton claimed their Right of voting in Consequence of being rated in a Rate for the Relief of the Poor, made the 27th Day of February 1768; and Thirty others, who voted for Mr. Morton, claimed their Right of voting in Consequence of a Rate for the Relief of the Poor, made afterwards upon the 1 ith Day of March 1768, being the Day of the Dissolution of the Parliament; which last mentioned Rate was allowed and confirmed by the Mayor and the other Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, upon the Twelfth, and published upon the Thirteenth Day of March, being the Day after the Notice given by the Mayor for the said Election to be on the Wednesday.

following; and that most of the said Forty-seven Voters were needy and distressed Persons, and had never been assessed in any of the Rates before, but were inserted in those new Rates occasionally, for the Purpose of this Election, and many others were for the like Purpose left out of the said two last mentioned Rates, who were

better

462 10° Januarit. 1770.

better able to bear the Charges of the Parish; and that several of the said Forty-seven who voted for Mr.

ton were otherwise difquaJified, some for not being Parishioners, one being only a Certificate Person, and some for having received Alms and other Charities; and that the said Mayor, who was the Returning Officer, and the said Air. Morton and his Agents, previous to the said Election, and during the whole CoUrfe of the Poll, were guilty of divers corrupt, partial, and illegal Practices, by which a Return has been procured in Favour of the said Mr. , and a Scrutiny de-

nied, through demanded, in manifest Wrong to the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Rights and Fran-chises of the Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief, as the Nature of his same shall, upon Examination, in Justice require.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 6th Day of

February next.

Abingdon a Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of

Election. Abingdon, having a Right of Voting in the Election of

a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Nathaniel Esquire, was duly

elected, and ought to have been returned, but that George Knapp, the Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, previous to the said Election, and during the Course of the Poll, and the Agents of the said Mr. Morton, were guilty of several corrupt, partial, illegal, and unwarrantable Proceedings, and that several Persons were by the said Returning Officer, admitted to poll for the said Mr. Morton, who had no Right, and some Persons who offered to poll for the said Mr. Bayly, were refused, who had an undoubted Right of Voting, whereby a pretended Majority was procured in Favour of Mr. Morton, in Consequence whereof he was returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Violation- of the several Laws made for securing the Freedom of Elections, and of the Rights of the Petitioners in chusing their Representative: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and grant the Petitioners such Redress as the Justice of their same may require.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of Nathaniel Bayly, Esquire, is heard.

Fowey A Petition of John William and Thomas Arthington,

Election. Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the Election lately holden for electing Burgesses to represent the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, Philip Rajhleigh, James Modyford Hey wood, Esquires, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; that the Petitioners were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, yet Mr. Coryton, the Portreeve and Returning Officer of the said Borough, unconftitutionally and illegally refused to accept the Suffrages of a great Number of qualified Persons, who offered to vote and give their Voices for the Petitioners, and admitted many others unqualified, to vote for Philip Rajhleigh and James Modyford Heywood, Esquires; by which unfair, unwarrantable, and illegal Practices and Proceedings, the said Philip Rajhleigh and James Modyford Heywood, Esquires, were returned as duly elected to represent the Borough of Fowey, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in manifest and open Violation of the Rights of Elections: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and afford the Petitioners such Relief as the Circumstances of their same deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; l7

and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Joseph Bullock, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the County Borough of Carmarthen, the Petitioner and Griffith Phillips, Esquire, were Candidates, and Vaughan Esquire, and George Phillips, Esquire, the Sheriffs of the said County Borough, were the Returning Officers; and that, during the Poll, the said Sheriffs behaved themselves with the utmost Partiality in Favour of the said Griffith Phillips, by refusing several Persons to give their Votes, who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and who had an undoubted Right so to do, and by accepting the Votes of several Persons in Favour of the said Griffith Phillips, who had, as the Petitioner humbly apprehends, and is advised, no Right to vote in the said Election; by which Means, and by other undue Proceedings, a pretended Majority hath been procured in Favour of the said Griffith Phillips, and he hath been thereupon returned by the said Sheriffs, as the Member to serve in Parliament for the said County Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a clear Majority of the legal Votes tendered at such Election, and ought to have been returned the Member to serve in Parliament for the said County Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as shall seem just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 15th Day of February next.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses and Electors of the County Borough of Carmarthen, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That for the Space of Twenty Years and upwards, the Petitioners and others, to the Number of Twenty, have been Burgesses of the County Borough of Carmarthen, and as such are intitled to vote for a Member to serve in Parliament for the fame; that during all such Time the Petitioners have continued in full Enjoyment of such Right, without any Impeachment or Pretence of Interruption whatsoever, until the last Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, when Joseph Bullock and Griffith Phillips, Esquires, were Candidates, upon which Occasion the Petitioners, and such other Persons as aforesaid, severally tendered their Votes as usual to Vaughan Horton and George Phillips, Esquires, the then Sheriffs and Returning Officers, in Favour of the said Joseph Bullock; but the said Sheriffs, though well acquainted with such the subsisting Rights of the Petitioners, and such other Persons as aforesaid, illegally and arbitrarily rejected their several Votes, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners and the free Representation of the said Borough: And therefore praying. That such their Rights and Privileges may be preserved to them; and that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and do therein as shall seem most meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of Joseph Bullock, Esquire, is heard.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Northington, Lord Lieutenant and Custos Rotulorum of the County of Southampton, to Lord Viscount Weymouth, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State — Dated 3d December 1769; with Four Affidavits of several Persons, in the Parishes of North and South Stoneham, in the said County: And also,

N# a. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council to the Lord Lieutenant of the County of —

Dated 7th December 1769: And also,

-N* 3.

Carmarthen

Election.

Ditto*

Papers, Arc.

Cattle

Distemper.

io Geo. III. ioa januarii. 463

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of to the Lord President of the Council — Dated xoth December 1769: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Return from the Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton — Dated 13th December 1769; And also,

N° 5. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council to the Lord Lieutenant and Justices of the County of Southampton — Dated 14th December 1769: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Lord Northington to the Lord President of the Council — Dated 15th December 1769: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury to the Clerk of the Council in Waiting} with several Papers from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, relative to the preventing the Importation

of Hay and Straw into this Kingdom — Dated 15th December 1769: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Lord Lieutenant and Custos Rotulorum of the County of Dorset, to the Lord President of the Council — Dated »oth December 1769: And also,

N° 9. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council to the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Dorset — Dated Z2dDecember 1769: And also,

N° 10. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council to the Lord Lieutenant of the County of , and

Town and County of the Town of Southampton — Dated and December 1769: And also,

N° 11. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey — Dated Z2d December 1769.

N. B. A like Order was sent to the County of Middlesex: And also,

N° 12. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council to the Lord Lieutenants of the Counties of,

Sussex, Surrey, and Berkshire — Dated 22d December 17691

And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from the Clerk of the Council in Waiting to Daniel Pon Esquire, One of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey — Dated 22d December 1769: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Letter from the Clerk of the Council in Waiting to the Duke of Lord

Lieutenant of the County of Middlesex — Dated 22d December 1769: And also,

N° 15. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council to prevent the Importation of Hay and Straw — Dated 22d December 1769: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Note from Sir Joseph Mavtbey to Daniel Ponton, Esquire — Dated 2 2d 1769:

And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Daniel Ponton, Esquire, to the Clerk of the Council in Waiting — Dated 23d December 1769: And also,

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Northumberland to the Clerk of the Council in Waiting — Dated 23d December 1769: And also,

N° 19. Copy of a Return from Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey — Dated 23d December 1769: And also,

N° 20. Copy of a Letter from the Clerk of the Council in Wait ing to Two Justices for the County of Surrey — Dated 24th of December 1769: And also,

N* 21. Copy of a Letter from Lord President of the Council to the Earl of Northington — Dated 25th December 1769: And also,

N* 22. Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Northumberland to the Clerk of the Council in Waiting — Dated 25 December 1769: And also,

N# 23. Copy of a Letter from Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey to the Clerk of the Council in Waiting — Dated 25th December 1769: And also,

N# 24- Copy of a Letter from Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey to the Clerk of the Coun-Vol. 32.

cil in Waiting — Dated 27th December 1769: And also,

N° 25. Copy of a Letter from the Clerk of the Council in Waiting to Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey — Dated 27 December 1769: And also,

N" 26. Copy of a Letter from the Clerk of the Council in Waiting to the Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury — Dated 28th December 1769.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Cattle indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advising, or ?ljemPCT carrying into Execution, His Majesty’s Orders of Coun- n y cil, made for preventing the spreading of a contagious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual; and for preventing Suits in Consequence thereof; and to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the fame, for a further Time: And that the Lord North, Mr. Otflozu, Mr.

Jenkinson, Mr. DyJ'on, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Brad/haw, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Henley,

Lord Palmerston, Sir Simeon Stuart, and Mr. Stanley, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Com, Sec. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Exportation. House, to consider of an Act made in the last Session of ~ Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines, and Spirits, from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, D-ltt0> and of the several Merchants, Maltsters, and Ship Owners, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the Encouragement given by several Acts of Parliament for the Exportation of Malt, the Petitioners and others their Neighbours have built and employed a Number of Malt-houses, for the Purpose of manufacturing Barley into Malt for Exportation; that die annual Rents and Taxes of these Houses amount to the Sum of £.4000 a Year, or upwards; and that, in all Seasons when the Price of Barley was under, or did not exceed 24J. a Quarter, the Petitioners could export Malt, and were encouraged so to do by a Bounty; and that, by this Means, Barley of an inferior Quality made into Malt has been immemorially exported; that from the Port of Great Yarmouth only, 250 Sail of Ships have been in some Years employed in this Service; and large Sums of Money have through this Channel been brought into this Kingdom, a great Body of able and useful Seamen have heen employed in exporting Malt, and a great Number of Labourers in manufacturing Barley into Malt; and that the Prohibition, which for Three Years past hath prevented the Exportation of Malt, arising from the high Price of Grain, however useful, hath been severely felt by such Part of the Petitioners as are Occupiers of Malt Houses; and that unless an Exportation of Malt, with the usual Bounty, is granted, at a Time the Price of Barley is reasonable, this valuable.

Branch of Trade will be irretrievably loft to this Kingdom; and the Petitioners apprehend, the Pdrmission of exporting Malt, with the usual Bounty, will be a National Benefit: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such further Relief in the Preroife? as shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and principal Ditto. Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich, was also presented to the House, and read; Expressing the Apprehension

6 C of

Address on the King’s Speech.

464 10° — 110 ja?niarii. J. 177c.

of the Petitioners, that If the Ports be opened

for the Exportation of Corn, the Price thereof will be greatly increased: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Sir George Osborn reported from the Committee appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We cannot but look upon it as a very serious Misfortune, that, notwithstanding every Precaution which could beufed for preventing the Communication of the infectious Disorder among the Horned Cattle from Foreign Parts, that most alarming Distemper appears to have again broke out in some Parts of the Kingdom: At the same Time, we are truly sensible of Your Majesty’s Paternal Care and Vigilance for the Security of Your People, in having given the earliest Directions for every Measure to be pursued, that might be most likely to give an immediate Check to the first Spreading of the Infetftion; and we will not fail to take this most important Matter into our immediate Consideration; and to make such Provisions as shall appear best calculated to carry into effectual and complete Execution Your Majesty’s falu-tary Intentions; and thereby, as far as by human Means can be accomplished, to guard against the Danger of so great a Calamity becoming general.

Your faithful Commons have too just a Sense of the Blessings of Peace, and feel with Your Majesty too tender a Concern for the Ease of their Fellow Subjects, not to rejoice at the Prospect which the Assurances given by the other great Powers of Europe afford to Your Majesty, that the present Disturbances will not extend to any Part where the Security, Honour, or Interest of this Nation frnay make it necessary for Your Majesty to become a Party. We have the fullest Confidence that Your Majesty will never be unmindful of those important Objects; and we observe, with great Satisfaction, Your Majesty’s wife Attention to the general Interests of Europe, in Your Determination not to acknowledge any Claims of any of the other Powers of , contrary to the Limitations of the late Treaties of Peace.

We sincerely lament, that Your Majesty’s Endeavours to bring back Your Subjects in America to a just Sense of their Duty have hitherto proved so little successful. The State of Your Majesty’s Government there does undoubtedly well deserve the serious Attention of Parliament; and no Endeavours shall be wanting on our Part, to make effectual Provisions against the unwarrantable Measures carried on in some of Your Majesty’s Colonies, which are so irreconcilable to every Principle of Commercial Subserviency to the Interest of the Mother ‘Country that ought to prevail in Colonies, and which, by attempting to subject the highest legal Authority to the Controul of Individuals, tend to subvert the Foundation of all Government.

‘ Your Majesty may be assured that we will, with the ‘utmost Chearfulness and Dispatch, grant the necessary Supplies for the Service of the current Year.

We acknowledge with the warmest Gratitude, that the Welfare of these Kingdoms has been the constant Object of Your Majesty’s Wishes, and the'unvaried 20

Rule of Your Actions. Permit us, Sir, at the same Time, to offer to Your Majesty our most dutiful Thanks, for the favourable Opinion which Your Majesty is pleated-to entertain of the Conduct of Your Parliament; and to assure Your Majesty, that we will steadily persevere in such Principles as are most agreeable to the true Spirit of this free Constitution, and invariably pursue such Measures as are most conducive to the real Happiness of the People.

Earnestly desirous of justifying to all the World Your Majesty’s gracious Declaration of Your Confidence in us, we will make it our Study to avoid all Heats and Aoimofities, and to cultivate that Harmony amongst ourselves, which, we arc truly sensible, is at this Time peculiarly necessary, to give Weight to our Deliberations, to establish the Prosperity, and to maintain in its true Lustre, the Reputation of this Country.

And while we on our.Part are faithfully executing the Trust reposed in us, by endeavouring to the utmost of our Power to promote these good Ends, we trust that all who live under this happy Constitution will be convinced how indispensably it is their Duty co pay that Obedience to the Laws, and just Reverence to lawful Authority, by which alone their own Rights can be preserved, and the distinguished Blessings which they enjoy above all other Nations be rendered secure and permanent.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That H is Majesty’s Most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, I i° die Januarii;

Anno 10® Georgii III'1* Regis, 1770. Prayers.

THE Lord North reported to the House, that His Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Two of the Clock, at His Palace of St. James. ‘

Ordered, That Ml*. Renton and Mr. Sloane be added

to the'Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advising, or carrying into Execution, His Majesty’s Orders of Council, made for preventing the spreading of a contagious Distemper amongst - the Horned Cattle; and for rendering the same valid and effectual, and for preventing Suits in Consequence thereof; and to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the fame, for a further Time.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty’s Most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And

Address

on the King’s Speech.

Ctttle

Distemper

Indemnity

Bill*

The Kino’s Speech considered.

Supply.

Lord

Sickville's

Name.

Schuller's

Nat.

Kroir*

Nat.

Plymouth

Theatre.

io Geo..III. i i° — i2

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tp-morrow Morning, retolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vizneris, 12° die;

Anno io* Georgii III": Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Sack ville, commonly called Lord George,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Right honourable the Lady Elizabeth main, deceased, by her Will, dated the Eighth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, gave and devised unto the Petitioner for his Life, divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Will mentioned. Remainder to his first and other Sons, with divers Remainders over? and by her Will did diredf, that the Petitioner, and all and every Person and Persons who respectively should become possessed of the said Estates by virtue of the Limitations in her Will contained, should take upon him and them the Surname of Germain, and also endeavour to obtain an Act of Parliament, for changing his and their then Surname, unto the Surname of Germain-, and.that the Petitioner, in Compliance with the said Will, is desirous to take upon himself the Surname of Germain, by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him, and his Issue Male, to take upon him and them the Surname of Germain.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a J Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Darner and General Invine do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Christian Gottlieb Schujlet, was preferred to the House, and read; Praying, That. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Darner and General Irwine do prepare, and byqg in, the fame.

A Petition of Adam Kroll was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be giverv to bring in a. Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Darner and General Irwinedo prepare, and bring in,

the fame. _

A Petition of Sir John St. of Clotvance\ in the County of Cornwall, Baronet, on the Behalf of himself, and of William Williams, of the Town or Place commonly called or known by. the Name of Dock Town, in the Parish of Stoke Darner el, in the County of

Voi,. 32.

t7

J'anuarii. . 465

Gentleman, and of several of the Persons living and re-fidingin and near the said Town or Place, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Town qr Place is very large and populous, and a great many Persons of Fortune reticle in and near the fame; and that it would greatly contribute to their Amule-ment, if a licensed Play house was there established, which cannot be done unless an Act which passed in the ^'enth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to explain and amend so mUch of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act " for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, " Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament, and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, " Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending " them whither they ought to be lent," whereby all Persons are discharged and prohibited to represent any Entertainment of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Patent from His Majesty, or by Licence from the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold for the Time being, except within the Liberties of Westminster, or where His Majesty is residing for the Time being, be repealed, so far as the same relates to, or respects, the said Place called Dock Town: And therefore praying, That Leave be given to bring a Bill into the House, for repealing the said Act, so far as the same respects or relates to the said Place, commonly called or known by the Name of Dock Town, in such Manner as to the House shall fecnvmeet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Walter and Sir Claries Kemys Tynte, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed. That Mr. V/ilford, from the Exchequer attended at the Door'; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Addresses of this House to His Majesty, of the 28th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Monies paid out of the Arrears of his late Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the Use of His present Majesty’s Civil Government, and for the Support and Maintenance of His Houshold and Royal Family; with the Application thereof to each Head of Expence; distinguishing each Year in which such Application was made: And also.

Eight Books, containing an Account of all Monies which have been issued and paid, out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 10th Day of October 17$2, to the 10th Day of October 1760; distinguishing the Amount in each Year: And also, ' .

Nine Books, containing an Account of all Monies which have been issued and paid, out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on Account or the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever,’ without Account, from the 25th Day of October 1760 to the 25th Day of February 1769: distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Books were read.

The said Account and Books are as followeth; viz.

r?

Accounts; Civil Lilt.

456

12° yamarii.

A. 1770.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid out of the Arrears of his late Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the Use of His present Majesty’s Civil Government, and for the Support and Maintenance of His Houshold and Royal Family} with the Application thereof to each Head of Expence; distinguishing each Year in which such Application was made.

Anno 1761.

To His Royal Highness William Duke of Cum, in Part of Fifty thousand Pounds, in consideration of certain Jewels purchased of him by His Majesty.

1762.

C s.

To Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies!

to His Majesty, as an Allowance to the Ambassador I

from Tripoli .....696 14 - — / 1,145 —

More, as a Present to Hessian Bey, Ambassador from I

Tripoli - -- -- - 448 12 — J

To George Selwyn, Esquire, Paymaster of His Majesty’s Works - - 9>547 8 if

To Philip Sharpe, Esquire, for the Clerks of the Privy Council - 350 — —

To Granville Leveson Earl Gower, Master of the Great Wardrobe - 16,608 13 2

To Joseph Spence, A. M. Professor of Modern History in the University

of Oxford -- 200 — —

To Richard Hamond, Esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer ------ - 20 — —

Sit Charles Pratt, Knight, His Majesty’s Attorney General - - 111 1 9

Charles Torke, Esquire, His Majesty’s Solicitor General - - - 46 15 if

To Thomas Hemming, Goldsmith to His Majesty - 25,487 13 2

To William Hall, Lord Viscount Gage, Paymaster of His Majesty’s

Bounties - -- - 450 — —

To Sir Francis Dashwood, Baronet, Treasurer of His Majesty’s Chamber - - 4,760 6 7

To John Earl of Bute, for the Use of His Majesty’s Privy Purse - 4,000 — —

To John Boucher, towards defraying the Charge of his Passage to Fir~

ginia - - - - 20 — —

To John Evans - - for D® - to South Carolina - - 20 — —

To John Green - - for D° - to D® - - - - 20 — —

To William Dowie - for D° - to Maryland - - - 20 — —

To Lawrence Natter, for engraving Seals for His Majesty’s Coronation ----- - - - 581 7 —

To Henry Henderson, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor

of the Exchequer - - - - 18 2 — 7 ,

More to him, for travelling Charges - - - 3126) 49 4

To James Stevenson, another 18 2 — ?

More to him, for travelling Charges - - - 31 2 6 J 49 4

To Edward Le GrandxEtquire, Treasurer to Prince William Henry, and

Prince Henry Frederick ----- 2,000 — —

To Edward Duke of York - - 3,000 — —

To William Lord Viscount Barrington, Chancellor of His Majesty’s Exchequer ------ - 400 — —

To the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury - 2,000 — —

To the Officers and Ministers of the Exchequer - - - - 35 — —

To Hugh Faience Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of His Majesty’s

Treasury - - ----- - 50 — — -

To Robert Jennings, Esquire, for Services performed in the Office of the

Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer - - - 25 —

To Bartholomew Lucas, for keeping Registers of all the Public Loans in

the said Office - - - 1210 —

To the Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury ----- 602 5 nf

To Abraham Farley, Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer 10 — —

To John Jackson, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate - - 5 — — -

To Charles Palmer and others, for Services performed in His Majesty’s

Treasury - - - - 185-----

To William Davis, Gentleman, to reimburse Expences for his Majesty’s Service ------ i,8oo — —

To Dr. Samuel Chandler (Bounty) ----- 400 — — -

30,000 — —

To

io Geo. III. i a0 Januaru.

To Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of

Trent ——

More to him, on an Allowance of £.2,000 a Year -To the Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom To John Pvwnall, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners

To Samuel Lord Sandys - -

To Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in Cafar's Chapel

More, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at Westmittfter To the Corporation of Lyme Regis - -

To Samuel Burroughs, Esquire, late One of the Matters in Chancery To William Graves, Esquire, late another -To the Heirs of Nicholas Yates -

To Her Majesty Queen Charlotte -

To John Duke of Bedford, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipoten tiary to the Mott Christian King -

To Richard Neville Neville, Esquire, Secretary to the above Embassy To Samuel Martin, Esquire,1 for His Majesty’s Special Service To Archibald Dick, towards defraying the Charge of his Passage to Vir ginia -

£ s- A.

39* *3 4

s°°-----

a,091 19 1 729 4 —

*5°----

105-----

120 — — 78 6

3 8

>7 4 9l

too — —

10.000 — —

2,800-----

484 — —

25.000 -

20 — —

Amo 1763.

To Andrew Mitchell, Esquire, His Majesty’s Minister at the Court of

Prussia - - - 177 — tl

To his Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, in full of Fifty thousand Pounds, in Consideration of certain Jewels purchased of him by His Majesty - -- 13,000 — —

To George Augustus Selwyn, Esquire, Paymaster of His Majesty’s Works 6,300 — — To John Duke of Rutland, Matter of the Horse to His Majesty - - 3,000 «r* —

Anno 1765.

To William Mellish, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Secret Service

Exchequer, the

Day of January 1770.

E. Witford.

£. s. d.

116,70* 1* 5}

22,477 — 11 3,425 12 —

172,605 5 4$

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled*

An Act COUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 10th Day of October 1752 to the 10th Day of October 1760 j distinguishing the Amount in each Year,

±E=3

From the 10th Day of October 1751 to the 10th Day of October 1753.

To Augustus Schulz, Esquire

Privy Purse

Secret and Special Service To Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle r- - - - 3,000 — —

To Robert Earl of Holdernesse - -- - - *» . 3,000 — —

To James West, Esquire - -- -- - 37,000 ——

To Salufbury Cade, Esquire

To John Earl Granville

To Thomas Minors You 32.

Bond of Pensioners.

President of the Council.

King’s Goldsmith.

6 D

£. 4.

36,000 — —

43,000 *-

7.500 — ~

44JOO — —

M73 5 3 Keeper

ie

13° Jama

468

A. 1770.

To John Earl Gower To John Earl of Breadalbine

Keeper of the Privy Seal. Matter of the Jewels.

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum and Sums of Money whatso-

ever;

Ambassadors, Envoys, tec.

To James Lord Tyrawley, late his Majesty’s Minister Plenipotentiary to the Mott Faithful King - - .

Robert Keith, Esquire, Minister to the Emperor of Germany -

James Porter, Esquire, his Majesty’s Commissary, to treat with the Commissaries of the Emperor of Germany -

Arthur Villettes, Esquire, Minister to the Swiss Cantons -

William Henry, Earl of Rockford', Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King

' of Sardinia -

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Minister to the Court of Brussels -Robert White, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Tripoli -

John Burnaby Parker, Esquire, Conlul at Madrid -

Charles Holzendorjfj Esquire, for Services performed to his Majesty in foreign Parts

John Burnaby, Esquire, until he shall be provided for in his Majesty’s Service Brindley Skinner, Esquire, until he shall be provided for in his Majesty’s Service Onslow Burrish, Esquire, Resident in the Austrian Low Countries and at Liege, Minister at the Courts of several Princes in Germany - - - , -

Melchior Guy Dickens, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Empress of -

Abraham Castres, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Portugal -William Shirley, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Commissaries at Paris -William Mildmay, Esquire, — another - -

The above William Shirley and William Mildmay, Esquires, for the Maintenance of a . Secretary -

James Cope, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns -

Ruvigny de Cofne, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Most Christian King -

William Petticrew, Esquire, Consul at Tettua - - - - -Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, until he shall be employed in his Majesty’s Service Sir Charles Hanbury Williams, Knight of the Bath, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Prussia ——

Walter Titley, Esquire, his Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark

John Colebrooke, Esquire, late his Majesty’s Consul at Cadiz -

Sir James Gray, Baronet, Resident with the Republic of Venice - -

Horace Mam, Esquire, Resident with the Great Duke of Tuscany -

Daniel Webb, Esquire, his Majesty’s Commissary for dating the Accounts of the late

War - - -....

Michael Hatton, Esquire, his Majesty’s Consul at OJlend -

More, as Secretary to the Commissary at Antiverp -

William Ann, Earl of Albemarle, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Christian King -

John Earl of Hyndford, whom his Majesty hath thought properto send to the Court of the Emperor of Germany - -

Edward Hay, Esquire, his Majesty’s Consul at Cadiz -

Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire, his Majesty’s Consul General at Algiers -

Andrew Mitchell, Esquire, One, of his Majesty’s Commissaries at Antwerp Joseph Torke, Esquire, his Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces - -

Char Us Townshend, ^squire. Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King - . - . -

Benjamin Keene, Esquire, his Majesty’s Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King ——

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

To Thomas Gwillin, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Hereford, for an Over Payment Thomas Legge, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Hereford - - - D*

Samuel Phillips, Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of Leicester - D®

Peter Lefebure, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of - D®

Charles Stanley, Esquire, Sheriff of- the County of Lancaster - D® -

Humphrey Lowe, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Worcester - D®

Henry Vernon, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Stafford - D*

William Alexander, et al.late Sheriffs of the County of Middlesex and City of London, D® John Sumpter, Esquire, Sheriff of the Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon, for an Over Payment - ‘ ,

George. Irton, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Cumberland - - D®

Sackville, Earl of Thanet, Sheriff of the County of Westmoreland — D®

I. s. d.

a.63 5----

875-----

i,7IQ —

2,938 — —

1,641 — —

2,241 — ‘

4,876 — —

3»I1Q — —

570 — —

75° —

600 — —

820 IO —

820 IO —

3>i 94 14 I

3»,85 — "

3>"° — —

459 — —

1,909 " ‘

279 — —

2,016 1 '

1,618 — —

375 — —

45° ——

4>976 — —

3,601 lS 6

31 4 1

2,141 — —

2,801 — —

1,367 IO — -

300 — —

796 —

7.305 _ *3 9

2,240 — — .

268 6 T

910 4

1,644 _ —

4.3 8 6 — —

1,130 — ' —

6,800 — —

73 - IO

82 *3 —

38 11 1

40 T3 7

in ~

23 9 —

95 12 9

879 IO 6

27 12 —

79 18 9

50 4 Tq

io Geo. III.

12° Janua.

469

To Edward Love bond, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Bucks, for an Over Payment -James Croxton, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of - - D® - -

Evan Jones, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Monmouth - - D"

George Thompson, Esquire, Sheriff of the Town of upon Hull D°

S/ing/hy BethelI and Marshe Dickenson, Esquires, Sheriffs of the City of London and County of Middlesex ----- - D" -

John Smith, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Surrey - - D°

djdttc Lester, Esquire, Sheriff of the Town of Poole - . - - D"

James Bejl, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Kent - - - D°

Peter Columbine and John Goodman, Esquires, Sheriffs of the City of Norwich D® John Bor/ace Warren, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Nottingham E>°

Richard Hill, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Gloucester - - 13°

William Lutwicke, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Salop - - "D®

John Telford and Richard Farrer, Esquires, Sheriffs of the County of York D® Richard New, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Southampton - D*

Philipps Lyttelton, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Warwick - D®

Thomas Ryves, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of JDorset - - 13®

James Fenton, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Lancaster - - D®

Thomas Cooper, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Wilts - - 13® ' -

John Bass, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Rutland - D®

Sir John Morgan, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Hereford - D* -

Benedict It hill, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Hertford - - D®

Edward Cope Hopton, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Worcester - D®

Thomas Parry, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Monmouth - - D®

Robert Baron - - D® to D"

Thomas Smith - - D® to D®

Mathias Harris . - D® to Maryland

John Bours - - D® to New England

James Foulis - - D® to Virginia

Alexander Stewart - - D® to North Carolina

John Agnew - - D® to Virginia

Alexander Bat on - - - D° to South Carolina

John Andrews - D® to D® -

John Mc Dowell - - D" to North Carolina

Richard Clarke - - - D® to South Carolina

Robert Atkins - D® to Jamaica

Thomas Wilkinson - - D® to Virginia

John Chester Hey borne - . - D® to South Carolina

d,

9

3a 8 143 11 —

*5 5 3

19-----

13 —

6 6

6

11

18

9i

828 109

*3----

74 11 —

9 17 10 27 7 9

87 14 9

44 l7 l7 4 85 *7 77 *5 77 *3 66 15 — 117 9 —

39 7 1

14 19

36 5

*9 *5 36 19

2.0 —

20 —

20 —

20 —

20 —

20 -

20 -

20 -

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

si

6

4

said City ——

William Ellis, Esquire, as his Majesty’s free Gift and Royal-Bounty The Corporation of Lyme Regis - D® -William Jones, Gentleman - - D® - - - -'

Arthur Collins - D° -

Mary and Ann Smallrid^e - - D® -

Benjamin Avery - - - D* -

Charles Hal ton - - - D*

John Forbes - - D* -

Francis Lord Hawley - - - D® -

James Serees, for the Relief of foreign Protestants -

William Davis, Gentleman, to reimburse Expences - -

Alore, to pay Bills of Exchange -

Rickard Jephfotf Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers, for attending the Speaker of the said House -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, for Printing, and other Works, for the Service of the House of Commons . -

Thomas Jones, Gentleman, Keeper of the Records, Wheels, &c. belonging to the Lotteries Robert Nunn, Gentleman, for catching Deer, and bringing them to Great Park

Francis Sparrow, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the City of London and County of Middlesex, for Conviction of Felons -

John Bor lace Warrfn, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Nottingham

Thomas Gilpin, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Bedford Richard New, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Southampton

Francis Pages Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Oxford -Henry Dampier and Isaac Baughy Esquires, Sheriffs of the City and County of the City of Bristol - -- D*

Edmund Chambers, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of - - D°

Sir Edmund Allen, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Essex D*

Jonathan Dobson and William Seagrave, Esquires, Sheriffs of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham - D®

Thomas Worthington and John Camthers, Esquires, Sheriffs of D* - D#

Slingsby Bethell and Marshe Dickenson, Esquires, 'Sheriffs of the County of,

for Conviction of Felons -

John Beale, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Gloucester - - D°

VOL. 52.

D*

D°

D*

D°

1,000 — —

1,700-----

100 — — 300 — — 200 — — 200 — — 800 — — 400 — — 400 — — 100----

5oo----

10,170 — — 3,062 — 1

144-----

639 — 400 —

247 *3

80 —

13° — 80 — 200 — 80 —

20 — 20 — 120

40 80

470

80

470

12° yanuariL

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D°

D°

D#

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

To John Harding, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Smerfet - *

William Watson, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Essex -Christopher Hull, Esquire, Sheriff of the Town of Hull -Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of for Conviction of Felons

George Furfdon, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Devon -''John Chatfield, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Surrey

John Price, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Berks Sir John Morgan, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Hereford John Cooper, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Wilts -Thomas Ryves, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Dorset -William Robins, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of -

James Ward, Esquire, Sheriff for the County of Dorset - -

Rozvland Bevan, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Glamorgan John Made, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Somerset -Benedict It hell , Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Hertford - -

William Naunton, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Suffolk -Richard Townly, junior, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of The Sheriffs of England and Wales, to enable them to pass their Accounts William Atkinson, to reimBurfe Expences -

Sir Jeffery Elzves, Knight, Treasurer to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Maintenance of poor Clergy -

Andrew Reid, Gentleman, for Transportation of Felons -Thomas Earl of Pomfret, Keeper of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring in the said Park Moseley Bennett, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park -Claudius Amyand, Esquire, et al. for their Attendance on the Lords Justices during his Majesty’s Absence -

H ugh Valence Jones, Esquire, et al. for their Attendance on his Majesty during his Absence out of the Kingdom - -'

Lawrence Berrow, for his Majesty’s special Service -

Peter Meyer, to pay Bills of Exchange -

John Anftis, Esquire, Garter King at Arms, for attending the Installation of Prince Edward Augustus and the Prince of Orange -

More, for carrying the Habits and Ensigns of the Order of the Garter to the Prince of Orange ——

William Pye, Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes for the County of Cornwall Thomas Basket, (dr printing Acts of Parliament, (Ac, -

Samuel Smith, for transporting Rebel Prisoners -

Philip Sharpe, Esquire, for the under Clerks of - the Council - -

Peter Hoxve, Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes for the County of Cumberland and Westmorland -

Richard Chestyn, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of for a Bill of Imposts

Samuel Wilmot, Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes for the County of Oxford William Earl of Strafford, Farmer of the Poll Fines - -

Arthur Vanftttart, Esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park -

Augustus Schutz, Esquire, to pay Salaries and Bills relating to Richmond Lodge -Joseph Richardson, Esquire, to reimburse Expences and pay Bills of Exchange -Sir Danvers Osborne, Baronet, Governor of the Province of New York, for a Present to the Chiefs of the Indian Nations in Alliance with his Majesty - - - -,

James Reynolds, Gentleman, for his Services in several Lotteries -John Wi/fon, Esquire, to reimburse Expences -

William Fortune, Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes for the County of Monmouth Charles Henry Collins, Esquire, Major of the Tower of London, for Subsistence of Dr.

Cameron, late a Prisoner there ——

Ralph Jennijon, Esquire, for his extraordinary Charges as Master of the Buck Hounds Wentworth Odiarne, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for a Bill of Disbursements -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, and others, Clerks of the House of Commons -Samuel Smith, One of the Deputy Chamberlains of the Court of Exchequer, and as Executor to j/ohn Smith, late the other Chamberlain for joining Tallies Joseph Wight, Esquire, and others, Clerks of the House of Peers -

Giftingham Cooper Goldsmith, for making and keeping in Repair Roads in the Counties of Cumberland and Northumberland ——

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer John Walker, Esquire, Usher of the Court of Exchequer -

Annuities, Allowances, (Ac.

To James Creffett, El quire, Treasurer to his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales

The Princess Dowager of Wales -

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland -

Nicholas Herbert, Esquire, Treasurer to their Royal Highnesses the Princess Amelia and Caroline ——

Her Royal Highness Princess Amelia, Ranger of Richmond Park - -

Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State -Robert Earl of Iiolderness, another ——

A. 1770.

f. s. d.

7°----

160 — — 700 — — 200 — - — 300 — — 490----

J20 --- —

5°----

40----

80----

20 — —

40----

90----

160 — —

80----

120 — —

40----

4,000 — — 10,528 1 —

16,500 — —

2,940----

200 —

65----

1,400 — —

2,275 JO —

200 -

567 5 —

557 12 *

400 — —

1,000 — —

5»832 5 Ik 85-----

300 — —

201 5 9

96 12 —

264 *7 8

1,078 11

32a 8

3>259 8 9

534 "

353 3 4

IOO — —

3,687 12 —

445 7 4i

30 5 8

700 — "

412 1 —

770-----

16 — 9

400 — —

3,000-----

10,136 10 x\ 2,168 19 7

20,000 — —

7,000 --- —

15,000 — —

15,867 7

178 10 1,850 — 1,387 IO

To

io Geo. III.

12? Janua.rH.

471

To Henry Pelham, Esquire, and others, Commissioners for ekecuting’ the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer - -

Henry Pelham, Esquire, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer -Henry Fane, Esquire, and other Clerks of the Treasury - -

Edward Duke of Somerset, on £. 1,200 a Year - -

Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of his Majesty’s Treasury

Richard Andrews, Esquire, Solicitor for his Majesty’s Affairs in the Court of Exchequer Robert Pigot, Esquire - - - - D® . -

John Dazvfon, Esquire, for Service performed in the Office of the Auditor of the Re*

ceipt of Exchequer ——

Edward IVi/ford, Gentleman, for keeping the Registers of all Public Loans in the said Office ——

Henry Ballozve, Esquire, Senior Deputy Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Exchequer - -

Abraham Farley, Esquire- - - - D° -

Richard Morley, Esquire; Keeper of -the Records in the Court of Exchequer - - -More, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster -

Edward Earl of Warwick and Holland, on £. 800 a Year -

James Bradley, D.D. on 250 aYear -

David Polhiil, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in Chapel in the Tower of London

More, as Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London - -

William Hocker, Esquire, Chief Clerk in the above Office -

Thomas Ramsden, El’quire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary - - - <- -

Charles Palmer, and others, for Services performed in his Majesty’s Treasury Charles Bettridge, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate -

Hugh Earl of Marchmont, on £. 1,500 aYear - - -. - -

Charles Duke of Grafton, on £r3,000 a Year

Thomas Earl of Pomfret, Ranger and Keeper of Hyde Park -

Charles Duke of Marlborough, on £. 1,540 a Year -

George Duke of St. Alban’s, on £.ijOooaYear -

Richard Lord Edgeambe, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster - -

James Vernon, Walter Carey, Gilbert West, and William Sharpe, Esquires, Clerks of his Majesty’s Privy Council -

The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom -

'Thomas Hill, Esquire, Secretary to the above Commissioners -

More, for incident Charges - -

Charles Duke of Bolton, on 2,000 a Year - -. - -

William.Ann Earl of Albemarle,-Groom of the Stole to his Majesty -

The Executors ol-John Earl of Dunmore, late One of the Gentlemen of his Majesty’s

Bedchamber -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent John EoL&Poulett, One of the Gentlemen of his Majesty’s Bedchamber

William Henry Earl of another - - - - 1,250 — —

Thomas Lord Viscount Fauconberg - another - m - - 1,250

Robert Duke of Manchester another - - Ok - 1,250 — —

Henry Elarl of Lincoln - - another - - - mm 1,500 — —

James Earl Waldegrade - another - - m - 732 17 6*

John Earl of Ashburnham another - - - 1,250

John Earl of Hyndford, - . - another m - m 620 10 nt

Francis Earl of Hertford - another - - - - 1,250

Hugh Earl of Northumberland - another - 9m - - 5°5 9 7

Charles Marquis of Rockingham - another - - - 1,940 14 5

William Earl Fitzzvilltarns - another - - - - i>75° 1

William Earl of Coventry - another - 9m 620 10 11,

William Finch, Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houshold m - m . 750

Sir Robert Rich, Baronet; One of the Grooms of his Majesty1 ’s Bedchamber m 625 — —

John Campbell, Esquire another - - 625 — —

John Clavering, Esquire another - - m - 615

William Herbert, Esquire another m - - 75®

Edward Finch, Esquire - another m - - mm - 625 — —

John Mo/lyn, Esquire - - - another -

Edward Cornwallis, Esquire - - another - -

John IValdcgrave, Esquire - - another - -

Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer Edward Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Pells

John Trevor, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, tec. - -

John Pollen, Esquire, Second Justice of D® - -

'Riehard Carter, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan -

John Harvey, Esquire, Second Justice of D° - -

Rogers Holland, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, tec.

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D® -

Edward Barker, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer James Lord Somerville, on £. #00 a Year *----« James Lord Torpichen- D° -

John Earl of Hopetouh- D®

Alexander Earl of Galloway D® - - - - .

John Earl of Finlater - D® - -

Vol. 32. 6 E

£ d.

8.000 — —

1,600 — — L5°o-----

1.200 — — 200 — — *

5 7.i 17 J4 4*

100 — —

5°T-

30-----

10 — — 420 — — 480 — — 800 — —

25°-----

150 — — 500 — — 100 - — —

200 ——

660 -

20 -- —

1,500 -

3.000 — --- *

400 — —

1,540 -

1,914 l8 Ilf

1.200 -

500 -- —

10,000 -

1,437 10 " 1,886 7 8

2,5°° ~ — 2,500----

*5 15 — I

!>875 -

1,250----

,625 — —

625-----

625 — — 200 — — 195 8 4

400---- —

400 --- —

500 -- — *

5°0-----

500 -- —

500 -- "

i*5-----

1.000 — —

1.000 — "

1.200 — —

1.200 -

1,200 — —

To

47

12° Jama

To John Earl of HynUford, D* -

William Earl of Sutherland, on £. 500 aYear - - . - - 1

George Campbell et al. to be disposed of for his Majesty’s Service - - - .

iThomas Grant, Esquire, on £. 400 aYear -

Mungo Haldane, Esquire - D° - . - -

Sir John Anfiruther - D° ——

George Earl of Crawford, £. 350 a Year — - -

Donald Lord Raey,- ^.300 a Year -- - ,

Archibald Duke df Argylle and George Campbel for the Maintenance of the Children of William Lord Forbes,£. 200 a Year -

William Earl of Home, on £. 2 00 a Year , -

fames Lord Forbet - ' D* - -

John Earl of Kinlore D° - - - - *

John Lord Gray - D° -

--Robert Lord Rollo - D° -

-Alexander Lord Banff D® - - - - *

Hu -Andrew St. Clair D° -

Lady Catherine Wemyfs,£. ioo a Year ——

- Lady Mary Campbell, £. 50 a Year

Martha Joknfton, Widow, D* -

Dr. -Robert Smith, Master of Mechanics to his Majesty - -

- -Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records relating to tlife forfeited Estates in

England -

Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty - -

William Cltetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Plays and Interludes -

-Edward Capell, Esquire, Deputy to D*

Sir Henry Bellendett, Knight, Gentleman Ulher Black Rod -John Earl Tilney, Warden -of his Majesty’s Forest of Waltham - -

William Maxwell, Esquire, on £. 100 a Year -

The Executors of D" ——

Augustus Earl Berkeley, Constable of the Forest of Dean -

John Scott and Thomas Dring, Keepers of the Council Chamber -His Royal Highhefs William Duke of Cumberland, Keeper and Lieutenant of Windsor Forest ——

More, for the Charges in holding SwanimoteCourts

The Officers and Clerks of the 'Lilly Court for levying Tallies - - - - ‘ -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor'General

Richard Arundell, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe - - - - . r

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

Richard Hamond, l Esquire, -foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer -

David Cojky, Esquire, Deputy Keeper of the Cotton Library -Henry Mafierman, Esquire, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -

John Ibbut, Mefftnger attending the Printing Press -

John Sharpe, Esquire, One of the Solicitors-of his Majesty’s Treasury John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter -

William Kemp, Esquire, Attorney General at New Fork -

The Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher - -

John Turner, Gentleman, Keeper of the Privy Lodgings at Hampton Court . --Henry Fo/kes, Efduire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath - - - - -

Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Common Ple&s -Thomas Ripley, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s private Roads -Arthur Onslow, Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons - -

Mathew Lamb, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law - -

-Horatio Walpole*, Esquire, Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Sir Dudley Ryder, Knight-, his Majesty’s Attorney General -

- William Murray, Esquire, his Majesty-s Solicitor General -

Henry Ba/lowe and Abrahcnn Farley, Esquires, Deputy Chamberlains of his Majesty’s -Exchequer ——

The Clerks and Officers of his Majesty’s Exchequer

The Corporation of Lyme-Regis - - -

- William Popple, Esquire, Commander in Chief of the Bermuda Islands -

-Francis Lord Hawley, Governor of the Illahd of-Antigua -Corbyn Morris, Esquire, Agent of the Islands of Newfoundland -

Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, for Services performed as late Governor of Barbadoes Benjamin Carpenter, - Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Wand of Montserrat -Gilbert Fleming, ' Esquire, -who aits as -Lieutenant Governor of the Leeward Islands More, as Lieutenant Governor of the Island of -St. Christopher -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire,-Auditor G«neral-of all his Majesty’s Lands arising in America La uncelot Storey, Esquire, Lieutenant-Governor of the Island of -

Henry Grenville, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Wind of badoe* ——

- - James Glen, Esquire, Captain’General and Governor in Chief of South Carolina -

Meflfengers.

To Edward Bryant, Messenger of his Majesty’s Chamber k -

A.i 770.

£* J. d.

1,200 —

750 — —

90 O — — *

600 — — *

600 — —

600 — —

437 IO —

375 mm*

300 — -r

300

3°° —

300

3°o T*

300 *

300

250 —

125 —

>25 —

75 ——

225 ' '

300 — —

150 <

600 — —

300 — —

300 —

67 IO —

25 — —

22 14 9i

262 10 —

91 5 u —

80 6 4" II*

’ 40 —

64 8 —

20© — —

90 — —

100 —

40 —

123 —

75 — "

60 —

500 — —

57° 5

1*26 9 Si

100 — —

27 7 —

615 — —

40 — —

121 16 8

2,000 — —

40 — —

106 13 4

ll5 10

"5 10 —

40 —

35 —

100 —

340 — —

200 — —

300 — —

5 00 —

200 - — —

49 2 12 si

200 — - — .

25.0 — —

3 00 —

2,000 ..

800 — —

60 16 8

.To

io Geo. III.

12° Jmua

473

To John Jones, John Oldnall., Peter Dubourg, and John the Four Messengers attending the Receipt of Exchequer -

John Jones, for travelling Charges -

John Oldnall D° -

Peter Dubourg D° -

John Walker - D°

Samuel Smith, Executor of Samuel Smith, late One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, for travelling Charges - -.- -_ -

Thomas Potter, another for - D° -

William'Colebrooke, another D* -

another D* -

another D* -

another D° -

Peter Hill, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -Thomas Learmeatty, another -

c

d.

Henry Ballo . John Bright, Devereux Davies,

his

Fees, Perpetuities,

To the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer for the Bulinefc of Annuities and Exchequer Bills - - -' -

More, on their Fees - -

William Duke of Cumberland ——

Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle and William Earl of Harrington, for the Princess Royal - .

Claudius Amyancl, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries - -

Shallet Turner, Professor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge William Cowper, Knight Harbinger to his Majesty -

Edward Barker, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Exchequer - -

The King’s*Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms -

Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight,. Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty Charles Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant Master of the Ceremonies Charles Fitzroy Scudamore, Esquire, Master of his Majesty’s Tennis Courts

Jane Keene, his Majesty’s Housekeeper at Kensington -The Fellows of Eton College - - - - .

Samuel Long, Esquire, his Majesty’s Housekeeper at Newmarket -William Woodford, M.D. Reader of Physic in the University of Oxford William Earl of Derby, et al. for the poor Ministers in the Isle of Man John Anjh's, Esquire, One of the Heralds called Blanc Courjier

Charles Prewen, Esquire, another, called Brmswick Herald -Thomas Graham, Gentleman, Apothecary in Ordinary to his Majesty John Pine, Gentleman, Engraver of Seals to his Majesty -

The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax - -

Sir Thomas Allen, Baronet, and Wentworth Odiarne, Esquires, Serjeants at Arms Majesty -.- - - .

John Finch, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law r "

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary -John Ellys, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London Thomas Ripley, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s private Roads George Earl of Kinnoul, or his Assigns, on £. 1,000 a Year -Henry Pelham, Esquire, Chancellor of his Majesty’s Exchequer Russell Plumptree, M.D. Reader of Physic in the University of Cambridge -Henry Bathurst, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law*

Thomas Lord Bishop of London, Master of the Temple v -John Scott and Thomas Dring, Keepers of the Council Chamber The Mayor and Corporation of Berwick - - - *

Thomas Farrington, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Court of Exchequer Henry Shelley and Michael Warden, Esquires, who aft as the other The Judges of England - - - .

William Noel, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester -

John Talbot, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester -

The Masters in Chancery - - .-

Frances Fane, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law John Philipfon, Esquire, Surveyor General of all his Majesty’s Woods The Clerks of his Majesty’s Privy Council -

George Duke of St. Alban's, Master of his Majesty’s Hawks -Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre, on the South Side of Trent Thomas Earl of Pomfret, Keeper of St. James's Park -. Richard Arundcll, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -John Earl Gower, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

George Arbuthiot, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Remembrancer’s Office Henry Ord, Elqftire, another - -

The Clerks in the King’s Remembrancer’s Office -

John Allen and Benjamin Charlewood, Gentlemen, Apothecaries in Ordinary Majesty ——

Andrew Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in Whitehall -Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Master of the Revels to his Majesty -Vol. 32.

to his

300 — - —

228 K —

139 5 — 273 l —

147 lS —

64 — —

fa8----

146 13 4

133 6 8

44----

64----

444 13 — *44 *3 —

5,900----

783 10 8 45,000 — —

5.000 — —

3°o-----

too-----

291 — —

163 6 8 605 19 3

300-----

332 6 8

188 4 8

450-----

63-----

300 — —

60-----

no----

53 6 8

53 6 8

172 10 —

75----

*75-----

200 15 —

40----

80 — — 136 17*6

73 2 —

1.000 -

200-----

30----

40----

74 13 4

I14-----

125 -« — 600 — . —

45° — -V *6,549 6 9f 912 10 — 62 c — - —

*»375 — ""

40-----

150-----

1,250----

2,058 15 —

208 6 8

892 17 6

70 16 3

365 — —

52----

52----.

92----

53* 6 8 320 — — 20 — — To

474

' 12° Januarii.

To the Heirs of Nitholas Yeates -

The University of Cambridge - -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the.House of Commons -Ann Blackerby, Housekeeper to the House of Lords - - *

The Officers of the Board of Works -

Joseph Spence, A.M. Professor of Modem History in the University of Oxford

The Dean and Chapter of St. Peter's, Wefimi - - - >

The King’s Serjeant at Arms - -

Chrifi Hospital ——

Henry Darby Gardiner, Clerk of the Nitchells -

William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenues -; - -

Henry Banks, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law - -

The Churchwardens of St. Mary Magnus -

Peter Lord King, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest - - - , -

George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Windsor Castle -

Robert Earl of Holderness, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, another -

William Noel, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law - -

Charles Earl of Arran, Keeper of Bagshot Park -

The Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance - -

The Churchwardens of St. Michael, Cornhill - -

John Trevor, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law Robert Herbert, Esquire, Surveyor General of all his Majesty’s Lands -Henry Bromfield, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Remembrancer’s Office Robert Barber, Esquire, another -

George Earl of Cardigan, Chief Justice in Eyre, on the South Side of The Master of Southwell School - - - .- - - l-

William Mellish, Esquire, King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer William Aiflabie, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -

Francis Dickens, Reader of Civil Laws in the University of Cambridge -Edward Duke of Somerset, Chief Justice in Eyre, on the North Side of Trent

Horatid Walpole, Esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Watchmen of the Exchequer* -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire," Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Sir Dudley Ryder, Knight, his Majesty’s Attorney General -

William Murray, Esquire, his Majesty’s Solicitor General -

George Paul, LL. D. his Majesty’s Advocate General -

William Woodley, Esquire, Gloucester King at Arms -

Samuel Lord Masham, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer - -

Thomas Clarke, Esquire, Onq of his Majesty’s Council at Law -

The Churchwardens of St, Botolph. - - - r

The Churchwardens of St. John Baptist - - - - -.-

Henry Brook, L. D. Professor of Law in the University of Oxford -George Earl of Halifax, Ranger of Sawfey Forest - -

The Master and Fellows of Emanuel College in the University of Cambridge The Vicars of Litchfield - -

The Corporation of Dartmouth -

Robert Henley, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law -

Sir John Hynde Cotton, Baronet, a Perpetuity -

The University of Oxford ——

Sir Thomas Burnet, Knight, late One of the Judges in the King’s Bench -

Henry Harby, Clerk, Vicar of the Tower - ’-

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of #the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer — - D% Comptroller of the Pipe Office -

William Wright[on, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Pipe Office - -

Robert. Cranmer, Esquire, another -

The Clerks in the ripe Office -

The-Dean and Chapter of Litchfield - -- - - -- - - _

Alexander Stain/by, Esquire, One of the King’s Serjeants at Arms -Richard. Lloyd,. Liqmtc, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law -

A. 1770.

C s. i.

nj---- r

40-----

20 --- —

l8 56 401 8 6

600 — - — *

90-----

1,052 19 6

555 *5 —

20 — —

100 — — 40 — —

21 48 600 — — 244 10 — -100 — — 100 — —

20 — — 10 13 4

252 7

24 8 —

40-----

800 — -

10 — —

34 13 4

*5 ll 9* 10 — —

64 2 1

66 13 4

50-----

84 —

732 -

20 —

81 6 8

70-----

.20 — —

40-----

83 16 — 60 — — -

7 l3 4 <29 12 4

40-----

33 6 8

»5----

60 — —

40-----

16 — —

23 6 8

*97 7 4* 6 13 4

- 86 13 4

40-----

20 — — 20 — —

9 3 4

20 — — 174 7 —

4o-----

526,381 '1

Exchequer, the 12th Day of January 1770.

E. Wtlford.

To

iq Geo. III.

12° Januarii.

475

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Air ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingences, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the loth Day of October, 1752 to the 1.0th Day of October 1760} distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 10th Day of October 1753 to the 10th Day of October 1754.

Privy Purse.

To Augustus Schutz, Esquire - -

Secret and Special Service. To Robert Earl of Holdemejfe - - -To Thomas Holies Duke 01Newcastle To James West, Esquire -

To Nicholas Hardinge, Esquire - - .

Band of Pensioners.

To Salusbury Cade, Esquire

President of the Council.

To John Earl Granville -

Keeper of the Privy Seal. To John Earl Gower -

Mailer of the Jewel Office. To John Earl of Breadalbane -

£. d.

3.000 — 2,891 13 4

52,000 — —

7.000 — —

To Thomas Minors

King’s Goldsmith.

Pensions, Bounties, Contingences, and all other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever; viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys,. frfc.

To William Ann Earl of Albemarle, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Mod Christian King - -

Benjamin Keene, Esquire, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catho-lie King ——

Charles Townshend, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholi King -

Joseph Torke, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General William Henry Earl of Roch/ord, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Kin of Sardinia ——

Sir Charles Hanbury Williams, Knight of the Envoy Extraordinary and Pleni potentiary to the Court of Prussia - -

Abraham Castres Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Portugal

Melchior Guy Dickens, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Empress of Russia Walter Tytley, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark Arthur Villettes, Esquire, Minister to the Swiss Cantons -

Robert Keith, Esquire, Minister to the Emperor of Germany -Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Minister at the Court of Brussels -

Horace Mann, Esquire, Residenf with the Great Duke of Tuscany -Sir James Gray, Baronet, Resident with the Republic of Venice -Onslow Burrish, Esquire, Resident with the Austrian Low Countries, and Minister to

the Courts of several Princes in Germany -

James Cope, Esquire', Resident with the Hans Towns in Germany -

James Porter, Esquire, his Majesty’s Commissary to the Emperor of Germany Daniel Webb, Esquire, Commissary to the States General -

William Mildmay, Esquire, D® to the Mod Ghriftian King -Andrew Mitchell, Esquire, One of the Commissaries at Antwerp - -

Ruvigny De Cofne, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Most

Christian King - - - - -....

Michael Hatton, Esquire, Consul at OJlend ——

Vol. 32. 6 F

£ '. *

36,000 — —

64,891 13 4 6,000 — —

4,000

2,635 — —

700 — —

3,386 12 9

7>53x 7

6,509----

1,230-----

4.295-----

3,667 18 6

5.756 -

2.125 -

2,989 15 —

2,279----

*,695-----

2,913 -

2.125 -

1 »775 -

100 — —

2,820 12 3

1 >47°----

1,095 " ~ 912 10 —

1.460 -

1.460 -

1,230-----

200 — — More,

47#

12

Janucuii.

More, as Secretary to the Commissaries at Antwerp - - - .

To John Burnaby Parker, Esquire, Consul at Madrid -

Robert White, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Tripoli - -

William Petti crew, Esquire, Consul General - -

Edward Hay, r Esquire, Consul at Cadiz -

Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Algers -

'Charles Hdlzendorf, Esquire, on £.400 a Year: -

Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, on £. 300 a Year, during such Time as he shall be employed in his Majesty’s Service - - - -

Brindley Skinner, Esquire, on 30J. a Day until he shall be provided for in his Majesty’s

Service - - - -____-

John Burnaby, Esquire, D° ——

George Tounge, Esquire, who is charged with his Majesty’s Affairs at the Court at Turin

Sir James Gray, Baronet, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of the Two Sicilies Isaac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul General at Naples . - - J -

John Murray, Esquire, Resident with the Republic of Venice -Charles Gordon, Esquire, his Majesty’s Consul at Tunis - - - -

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

*0 Sir William Duckinfield Daniel, Baronet, Sheriff of Chester, for an Over Payment William Brushfield, Esquire, Sheriff of Rutland - - - ' D°

Thomas Philips, Esquire, Sheriff of Worcester - - - D* - - *>

William Fenwick, Esquire, Sheriff of Northumberland, D#

Robert Fenwick, Esquire, Sheriff of D° - - - - D*

Munday Musters, Esquire, Sheriff of Nottingham, for an Over Payment -Armjlead Parker, Esquire, Sheriff of Northampton - D® *.

Francis Page, Esquire, Sheriff of Oxford, - - - - D® - -

Francis Clarke, Esquire, Sheriff oi-Oxford - - - - D*.

Thomas Dunne, Esquire, Sheriff of Hereford - - - D®

John Made, Esquire, Sheriff of Somerset - - - D® - - .

John Leche, Esquire, Sheriff of Chester - - - D®

Sackville Earl of Thanet, Sheriff of Westmorland D®

John Harding, Esquire, Sheriff of Somerset - - - D® - - _

William Watson, Esquire, Sheriff of Sussex - - - - D® -

Edmund Chambers,‘ Esquire, Sheriff of Warwickfor - - D®

Thomas Gilpin, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford - D®

John Trewen, Esquire, Sheriff of Cornwall - - - D* - - - <,

Herbert Ferreman and William Coates, Esquires, Sheriffs of the City of York, D® -Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, Sheriff of Chester - - - D® -

John Bristow, Eqfuire, Sheriff of Bucks - - - - D® - -

William Sharrard, Esquire Sheriff of Rutland, for - - D®

RiekardAJlell, Esquire, Sheriff of Cambridge and Huntingdon - -D®

Thomas Sand ford, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Salop D®

George Furfdon, Esquire, Sheriff of Devon - - D® - -

Darcey Burnell, Esquire, Sheriff of Nottingham - .

Edward Sanderson, Esquire, Sheriff of Surrey a Robert Bull, Esquire, Sheriff of Sussex -

Thomas White, Esquire, Sheriff of Suffolk -

John Tompson and Samuel Harvey Esquires, Sheriffs of the City of Norwich, D®

John Beale, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucester, - - D®

Francis Longe, Esquire, Sheriff of Norfolk - - D® -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis, Free Gift and Royal Bounty -Francis Lord Hawley - - D°

Benjamin Avery, L.D. - - D®

.Charles Hatton, Esquire --D® -

Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Maftev of the Ceremonies to his Majesty, to paid over as a Prefeiit to Monsieur Roffenkrank -John Larpent, Esquire, to be disposed of for the Relief of foreign Protestants Charles Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant Mailer of the Ceremonies to his Majesty, to paid over as a Present to General Wall - -Mark Baskett, for printing Acts of Parliament, &c.

John Jones, to reimburse Expences for his Majesty’s Special Service -James Reynolds, for his Service in several Lotteries -

Robert Roberts, towards the Charge of his Passage to the Iffand of St. Christophers

D®

D®

D"

D®

be

be

Francis Hayland James Pajleur Samuel Seabury William Smit h William Sh

Thomas Pollin William Fanning Robert Harris John Troutbeck John Mac Aulay Jama Gordon

D®

D® to Virginia D® to New Jersey. -D" to Penfilvama D® to Antigua D° to Rhode Island D® to N°. Carolina D° to Jarmica D* to Massachusets Bay D° to Jamaica D® to Virginia

A. 1770

£. s.

73° — —

5°° — —

581 10 —

>°53 10 4*

«7*. 8 6

1,271 5 — -

400 ~

300 —

547 10 —

547 10 —

286 — —

2,625 — —

250 — —

*>043 — —

1,460 19 5

*4 _ 3

21 63 5 7 1 6

60 18 4

70 *5 4

67 6 9

161 *5 7

*9 4 9

so 18 10

29 5 —;

43 5 3

106 6 5

44 18 3

82 8 5*

70 *5 3

3 1 3

43 *4 5

*4 16 %

12 3 6

116 3 7

4* *9 9

*9 *5 1

25 8 8

o*4 *7 7*

103 7 5

20 *5 9

108 — ID

11 9

16 4 4

2 *9 6

30 3 it

3° 4 3

too — — *

too — —

800 — —

400 — —

533 *4 < —

500 —

1,083 *4 6

3,000 — —

10,528 1 —

100 — —

20 — —

20 —

20 — —

20 — — -

20 — —

20 —

‘20 —

20 — —

-20 —

20 —

20 —

20 — -

To

-Bt§tfeeel-by

io Geo. III.

13° Janu.

D°

D*

D*

t>*

D*

D*

D6

D°

D"

1>

D°

D#

D*

TP

D#

D*

D#

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

To Giftingham Cooper Goldsmith, to be expended in making a Hoad from Carlifie to the Town of NewcaftUtupon Tyne - - - .

William Phipps, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of for Conviction of Felons

Fitzwilliams Barrington, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertford - - . ~

John Parke, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Sussex, for - -

Robert Fenwick, Esquire, Sheriff of Northumberland for - -

Christopher Hall, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Kent, for -

Wliter Powell, Esquire, Sheriff of Carmarthen, for -

Edward Polhill, Esquire, Sheriff of Wilts -.

John Thurloe, Esquire, Sheriff oiWorcqfter -

Thomas Ingrapi, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucester - - - *

Edward Price, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Bucks --- Edward Maddocks, Esquire, Sheriff of Denbigh -

'Henry Fownes Luttrell, Esquire, Sheriff of Somerset, for - *

David Jones, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford, for Conviction of Felons John Brftow, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Bucks, for *

Francis Long, Esquire, Sheriff of Norfolk -

John Chatfteld, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Surrey

John Williams, Esquire, Sheriff of Brecon -

Thomas Dunne, Esquire, Sheriff of Hereford -

Thomas Bradney, Esquire, Sheriff of Stafford - - *

Charles Woodnoth, Elquife, Sheriff of Somerset -

John Woolcombe, Esquire, Sheriff o P Devon -

John Made, Esquire, Sheriff of Somerset ... - *

Robert Sparrow, Esquire, Sheriff of Suffolk -

'Benjamin Palmer, Esquire, Sheriff of Warwick -

John Rayner, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the City of London and County of Middlesex ------ D*

Francis Horne, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford D°

Edward Biddulph, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Sussex - , D*

William Thomas, Esquire, Sheriff of Carmarthen - - - - . D*

William Hunt, Esquire, Sheriff of Essex D* - -

Joseph Wight, et. al. Clerks of the House of Peers -

Jeremiah Dyson, et al. Clerks of the House of Commons - -

Richard Jephfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House Of Peers Robert Nunn, for catching and carting of Deer -

Jane Met eft. Widow and foie Executrix of James Merest, Esquire, late Clerk of the - - House of Peers, for copying the Journals of the said House - -

Wentworth Odiarne, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, for printing, idc, for the Service of the said House ——

William Ellis, Gentleman, as his Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty James Creffet, Esquire ---- D° -

William Jones, Gentleman - - - D* -

Arthur Collins - - - - D* -

Mary and Ann Smallridge - - - D° - -

Sir Thomas Harrison, Knight, Chamberlain of the City of London, for the Relief of the Poor of the said City -

Robert Ferguson and Nathaniel Paice, as his Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty, for the Service of foreign Ptfotestants in America -Philip Yotmge, D.D. Vice Chancellor of the University of Cambridge, as his Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty, towards the Expence of erecting a Building the re Andrew Reid, Gentleman, for Transportation of Felons - -

William Davis, Gentleman, to reimburse Expences and pay Bills of Exchange Thomas Mainwaring, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Tax,. &c. for the Counties of Anglesea, &c. ——

Thomas Stephens, for his Service, (Ac. in discovering the Method of making Pot Alh in the Colonies in America -John Parker, Esquire, One of the Under Tellers of the Receipt of Exchequer, being the Duties on foreign Linen Yarn, which said Sum is to be immediately paid by him into the Exchequer, upon the several Heads of the Customs - -

Robert Barber, Esquire, Deputy Remembrancer in his Majesty’s Exchequer, to make good his Lois by the finall Fees settled by the Act of Grace Ralph Jenifon, Esquire, for his extraordinary Charge for Horses, tdc.

Buck Hounds ' -William Thompson, for Georgia Bills

Henry and Bartholomew et al.

Alexander Lamb -.Nathaniel Barnadifton John Owen, et al. -Sarjant, Birch, and C*

Thomas Malt by and Son Thomas Flavilil -Samuel Lloyd, Esquire -

James Crockatt - -. r

VOL. 31,

D*

D*

O*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

as Master of the

477-.

jC* d.

6.000 — — ' ’

1° — — '

170 — — '

5° — — .

40 — —

180 — —

80 -----'

90----

40-----

io — —

40 — —

40 — —

60 — —

t3p — —

80 — — *'

70 — —

400 — —

10 — —

80 — —

5® — —

40 — —

70 — —

# 60 — —

*5°----

90 — —

740 - —

40-----

80 — —

80 — —

150----

400 — —

770-----

7a id — »

115 19 6

700 — —

389 12 6

193 4 6

1,700----

2.000 — —

200 — —

200 — —

200 — —

1,606 — —

- 600 — —

2.000 — —

2,000 — —

14,467 6 t

336 4 6

i,oooo —

5,29814 n

500 — — <

700 — — 1,880 9 5

2,624 4 ik 29 3 —

439 11 3

3x9 17 8 85 13 4 271 — —

5* 1 4 62 13 6

1,972 17 4

to

47*

12° Januar'n.

1 A..vp^o.

To John Nicklefon, for Georgia Bills -

Charles^Channcy D* - - - - *

William Stead - D* -

Thomas Howe, et al.\ _ D® - - - - _ -

Veter Meyer, of London, Merchant, to pay Bills of Exchange - -

Lawrence Berrow, for Speciaf Service -

William Marriot, Esquire, for Special Service - - - , -

Mojley Bemett, Keeper of the Weu, Gate In Hyde Park, forwatering the Hoad leading from the said Gate to his Majesw’s Palace at Kensington - - - .

The fever^l Sheriffs of England and Wales, to bear their Expences of passing their Ac* . counts - - -_ - t - - .

MartJifl J*ayne, for Georgia Bills.' ——

Richard Jfynt John Get^ge Liebenrood William ffhomjon Benjamif^Jdor rocks ' Chr'ffppfur Kilby -Mefl'" Lees and Dunne Richard Shubrick -;

Stephen Peter Gj et al. THomas Smith -,

William Sitwell and; C*

MefT" Drake and Long John Samuel*

George Aufrere, et William Bradley -Thomas Flavill Thomas atjd James Hayward Elias Eland Joseph Mico

Peter Shmmonds Richard Shubrick Thomas Comyn

D®

D#

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D*

John Goddard, Executor of Stanley for D®

John Be/wfck ~

James Fitter William Baker John Nickelfon David Barclay John Hughes

D®

DV

D*

D®

D®

D®

Six Jeffry Elwes, Knight, Treasurer. to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy -John Earl or Ashburnham, Ranger and Keeper of Hyde Park, for watering the Roads in the said Park - -

Arthur VanJittart, Esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park -

Lieutenant Henry Angtll, on £.3 a Day, for a particular Service to be performed William Williams, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Tax, for the Counties of Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan.and Pembroke

William Earl of Strafford, Son and Heir of Thomas Earl of Strafford, deceased, Farmer of the Port Fines - -

Richard CheJJyn, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Impofl upon Wines - _

Richard Drake/ord, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Stafford, for Conviction of Ffclons Timothy Waldo, Esquire, U oder Sheriff of the City of London and County of Middlesex, for D® Lord George Beauclerk, Ranger of Bag/hot Rails in Windsor Forest, for Turnips for the Use of the Red Deer ——

Philip Sharp, Gentleman, to be distributed amongst the under Clerks of his Majesty’s Privy Council - .- - - - - "-

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer John Walker, Esquire, Usher of the Court of Exchequer -

Augustus Schutz, Esquire, to pay Bills, tAc. at Richmond Lodge -

I V

Annuities, Allowances,

To James Creffett, Esquire, Treasurer to his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales

The Princess Dowager of Wales ——

William Duke of Cumberland ——

Nicholas Herbert, Esquire, Treasurer to their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Amelia and Caroline -

Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State -Robert Earl of Ho/derneffe, another -

Henry Pelham, Esquire, et al. Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer. - -

Thomas Holies, Duke of Newcastle, et al. Commissioners for executing the Office of , Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer - -

Henry Bilson Legge, Esquire, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer -

jT* s. j.

770 5 8

too — —

66 *3 4

89 12 —

56 7 5

200 ——

65 - —

4,000 —

320 - — —

182 r9 1

101 4 61

Si ‘8 — *

396 3 4

37* 12 6

34 iq —

119 1 10

666 5 —

43 3 8

236 — —

12 5 *9 5

28 9 —

*55 9 7

50 16 —

300 — —

34 9

130 — —

94 6 to i

140 8 8

225 6 8

52 7 LO*

187 13 4

566 9 5

3° — - —

44 i %

120 — —

89 14 3

46 2 3

10,700 — —

335 — —

322 8

300 — -

2,000 — — ’

689 18 H

96 12 —

140 — —

690 — — -

70 — —

300 — —

io.5°3 19 9*

568 12 9

3>317 4 7

21,500 — —

7,000 — —

15,000 — —

15,867 7 1

1 »315 5 si

1,850 — *

6,000 —

2,000 — —

400 — —

To

to, Geo. III.

12° Janudrii.

To Sir Thomas Robinfun, Knight of the Bath, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of

State - -

Hairy Fane, and others. Clerks of the Treasury -

Hugh Faience Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of his Majesty’s Treasury Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor for his Majesty’s Affairs in the Court of Exchequer John Dawson, Esquire, for his extraordinary Service in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer Henry Pelham, Esquire, and Executors, late Chancellor of the Exchequer --

EdvardIVilford, Gentleman, for his Service, in- keeping the Registers, idc. of . the Public Loans in the said Office ——

Abraham Farley, Senior, Deputy Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Exchequer Richard Morley, Esquire, forforting, digesting, &c. the Records in the Court of Exchequer More, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at -

Edward.T)\dktof Somerset, on £ 1,200 a Year - -

- Edward Earl of Warwick and Holland, on J. 800 a Year -

James Bradley, D. D. on £.250 a Year -

-David Polhill, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London -The Executors of D° - - - - - - r

More, as Keeper of the Recordsin Cafar'sChapel -

William Hay, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower oi London -

More to him, for Three Clerks - -

William Hocker, Gentleman, Chief Clerk in the said Office . Mary Magdalen Taylor, Keeper of his Majesty’s Privy Lodgings at. Hampton Court The Corporation of Lyme Regis -

Alexander Earl of Ltwen, on £.800 a Year.

The Office and CleFks of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies - --The Executors of Sir William Lee, Knight, Chancellor of his Majesty’s Exchequer . - Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas -Thomas Ripley, Esquire, Keeper-of his Majesty’s private Roads - -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Thomas Ramsden, ' Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Charles Palmer, et al. in Reward for Services-by them performed in his Majesty’s Treasury

- Charles Bettridge, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate - - .

- -Charles Duke of Grafton, on £.-3,000 a Year. - -

Henrietta: Counteis Dowager of Pomfret, Executrix of Thomas Earl of Pomfret, late

Keeper of Hyde Park ——

— John Earl of Ashinindiam, the present Keeper - - -. . - -

-- -Charlesf)uke of faarlborough, on £. 17540 a-Year-

George Duke of ty. Alban's, on £. 1,000 a Year -

- Richard Lord Ecfyecnmbe,-Chancellor of the-Duchy of Lancaster

«’ JJames Vernon, et al.Clerks-of the Privy Council -1 - -

Thomas Duke of i Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent -

--The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom- -

— Thomas Hill, ETqdire, Secretary to the above-Commissioners - -

— More, for Incidents . - - - " - - -1

— EdmrlesDuke of JJolton, on-£.2,000 a-Year -' -

— William Ann Earl'of Albemarle, Groom-of the Stole to his Majesty -

- John Earl Poulett\ One of the Gentlemen of his Majesty’s Bed-chamber - -

— Williarti, Henry Earl of Rochfort — Thomas Lord Viscount Faucouberg o Robert Duke of /

— Henry Earl of Lincoln — —

— John Earl of Ashbur — --

Francis Earl oi Hertford *

— Charles Marquis df Rockingham -

— Willi apt Earl Fitz]-

- George William Eirl of Coventry John Earl of Hyv.hford

- Hugh Earl of No -

another

Another

another

another-

another

another -

another

another *

another1;

another.

another

William Finch, Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of liis MajestyVHOufhold:

Sir Robert Rich, Baronet, One of the Grooms of his Majesty’s Bedchamber

... John Campbell, Esquire John Clavering, Esquirp

-W/lliam Herbert, Esquire -< Edward Finch, Esquire

John Sloftyn, Esquire--Edward Cornwallis, Esquire John II'aidegrave,. Esquire -- John Lord Trevor, late Chief Justice of Carmarthen, i£c.

John Pollen, Esquire, Second Justice of-D° -- - '

----- D° Chief Justice of Carmarthen, &c.- -

— Edward Poor Esquire, Second Justice oi D° - . - -

Richard.Carter, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, &c. i~. John Harvey, Esquire-, Second Justice of D° -: -

Rogers Pitfland, Esquire, Chief Justicd of Carnarvon, &c. o’* Voi. 32.

another:

another"

another

another

another

another

another

J.

J

i*.*

si:

j.:

479

s. d.

7 9\

13 nf

4 4*

9 2 14 —

13 ni

8 iof

16 8

6 8

6 G

5^8

1,550-----

200 — — 150-----

100 --- ——

1,066 13 4

50-----

40-----

420 — — 480-----

1.500 -

800-----

250----

-250

*3

75

233

75 138

7

xoo 733

73 124

20 60 53

200 — —

660----

20 - — —

3.000 -

103 5 9

399 H 6 *>54° — — *

1.000 — —

1.500 -

400 — —

1.500 -

8.000 -

1,150-----

1,399 18 10

2.000 — —

2.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 -

1.000 -- —

1,000 -

1,000 -- —

1,000 -

1,000 — —

600 — —

500 -

.500 — —

500-----

500 -

500 — —

500-----

500 —

500 _ — —

40 3 6i 40 " 3 ’459 16 '5 359 16 5

400 — — 40b*: ——

< 400 -7T-

To

480

12® Januarii.

To Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of Carnarvon, -. *?

Edward Barker, Esquire, cth Baron of the Exchequer -

Hugh Earl of Marchmont, on £. 1,500 a Year -

James Lord Somerville, on £. 800 a Year -

The Executors of James Lord Torphichen, D" -

John Earl of Hopetom ,on £. 800 a Year - - - , -

Alexander Earl Galloway - D* ——

John Earl of Finlater - D®

John Earl of Hyndford D* -

William Earl of Sutherland, on £. 500 a Year -

George Campbell, Goldsmith, on £. 600 a Year, to be disposed of by him for his Majesty’s Service

Thomas Grant, Esquire, on £.400 a Year - -

Mungo Haldane, Esquire - - D° -

The Executors of Sir John Anjlruther, Baronet -

George Earl of Crawford, on 350 a Year ——

Donald Lord Reay, on £.300 a Year ——

Archibald Duke of Argyle, and George Campbell, Goldsmith, for the Maintenance of the Children of William Lord Forbes, deceased, on £. 200 a Year - - " -

William Earl of Home, on £, 200 a Year

James Lord Forbes John Earl of Kintore John Lord Gray Robert Lord Rollo Alexander Lord Banff Dr. Andrew St. Clair

-D°

D®

D*

D°

D®

D°

Lady Catherine Wemyfs, on 100 a Year

Lady Mary Campbell, or\ £. 30 a Year -

Martha Johnston, Widow - D° -

Dr. Robert Smith, Mailer of Mechanics to his Majesty -

Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Record Books, i£c. relating to the forfeited Estates in England -

Sir Clement Cotterfll Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies to his Majesty -Williapi Chetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Plays and Interludes - -

Edward Capell, Esquire, Peputy Examiner of D° -Sir Henry Be lien den, Knight, Gentleman Ulher Black Rpd Job} Earl Tilney, Warden of Waltham Fore ft The Mayor of Macclesfield, for a. Preacher - -Augustus Earl of Berkeley, Constable of the Forest of Dean John Scott, et al. peepers of the Council Chamber . William Duke of Cumberland, Keeper and Lieutenant of Windffor Forest -More, for holding Swanimote Courts - . r

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General -

- RicLird Arnndell, Esquire, Clerk, of the Pipe -

Claudius Arpyand, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries -

Richard Harnmond, Esquire, foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer -. David Cafley, Esqjuire, Keeper of the Cotton Library - - - ? -

Henry b-iafierman, Esquirer King’s Clerk in the Crown Office ? .

John lb butt, Messenger to the Printing Press -

John $/itfr£f, Esqujire, Solicitor of the Affairs of his Majesty’s Treasury - .

John Lord JBilhop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter - - '

-LVilliam kettipe, Esquire, his Majesty’s-Attorney General at New Fork - .

- -Her.Royal fiighnels Princess Amelia, Ranger of Richmond Park ——

Mathew hqmb, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law - - - - *

Henry Fo/kes, Esquire, Messenger. of the Order of the Bath -

Arthur Onslow, Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons -

Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer -:

Henry Ballow and Abraham. Farley, Esquires, Deputy Chamberlains of his Majesty’s Ex-. chequer ——

.. Abrahani parley, and John Borlace, Esquires, Deputy Chamberlains of his Majesty’s Exchequer ——

Sir Edward Walpole, Knight, Clerk of the Pells -

The Executors of, John Turner, late Keeper of his Majesty’s Privy Lodgings at -. ton Court ——

-Sir . DudleyRyder, Knight, his Majesty’s Attorney General -

„ William Murray, pfquire, his Majesty’s Solicitor General ——

The Officers of the Exchequer -- - 7 - -

WHilary Hopple, Esquire, Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Bermuda Islands -Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, late Governor of Barbado.es - . , - -

Corbyn Morris, Esquire, his Majesty’s Agent for Newfoundland - -

Francis Lord Hazvley, Lieutenant Governor of the Bland of Antigua -Gilbert Fleming, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Ittand of St. Christopher Jatues Glen, Esquire, Governor in Chief of the Province of South Carolina -Gilbert Fleming, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Leeward Charibbee Islands -..Geaige Thomas, Esquire, Governor in Chief of the Leeward Charibbee Islands .- r il

A. 1770.

400 — — 100 — —

i>5°°----

1,000 — — 278 18 — 800 — — 800 — — ' 800 — — 800 — — 500 —

600 —

400 — — 400 — — 92 1 1

437 10 —

375 — — 1

200 — — -200 — — 200 — — 200 — - — zoo — —

200 -

200 — — 2.5°-----

' I25----

62 10 — 62 10 — 150----

200 — »

100 — — 400 > — — 200 — < — *. 200 — — 742 IO —

5°----

3l5-----

9* 5 -

537 9 80 — —

200 — - —

9o — —

«5°----

60 — —

82----

50 — r —

60----

500 — —

855 7 225 — I78 10 T —

4°----

410 —

a,i55----

200

4°-----’

80 —

195 8 4

4 16 — 134 16 — 154 8 5

35----

340 — —

5° o —

300 — -r-200 — — 200 — — 800 —

207 2 5f

983 — 3 T»

jo Geo. III.

I %a Januarii

481

X& Benjamn Carpenter, . Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of -

Henry Grenville, Esquire, Governor in Chief of the Island of -

Lancelot Story, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Nevis -Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Surveyor and Auditor General of all hb Majesty’s Revenues

in America - -

John Tinker, Esquire, Governor in Chief of the Bahama Islands -Arthur Dobbs, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over the Pro-. vince of North Carolina ....

Messengers.

To Edward Bryant, Messenger of his Majesty’s Chamber -

John Jones, John Oldnall, Peter Dubourg, and John Walker, the Four Messengers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for their Attendance, -

John Jones, for travelling Charges -John.Oldnall D° - -

Peter Dubourg -D" -

John Walker D° ——

Thomas Potter, One of the Messengers of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, for travelling Charges -

William Colebrooke - another ——

Hairy Ballozve - - another ——

Devereux Davis - another - -

John Bright - . - another ——

Peter Hill, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -

D° - more, for travelling Charges . -.. Thomas Learmeath _- another ——

— More, for travelling Charges -

Fees, Perpetuities,

To the Officers of the Receipt of hb Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bilk - -

D° - on their Fqps - _ - - - -.

Edioard Barker, Esquire,. 5th Baron of the Exchequer - -

-The University of Oxford, Lady Margaret's Professor -

William Atfabie, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest _ -. His Royal Highhefs William Duke of Cumberland

Thomas Holies Duke of NevocaJUe, and William Earl of , for the

Prince Is Royal - - _ - .

Tli£ Churchwardens of Sj. Magnus -

Tj^mas Duke of: Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the RoutR Side of Trent Sir Thomas Ailin', Bart, et al. Serjeants at Arms -

Andrew Stone, Ljlquire, Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -_ Thomas Ramfdeni Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary _ Hewitt a Countpfs Dowager of Pomfret, Executrix of Ear)

. _ R^ipger of Si. James's Bark . - -. — John A(Hny et all Apothecaries to hb. Majesty -. James Vernon, et pi.. Clerks of the Privy Council - - .

TJie Officers of the Ordnance . - . -

George Earl of Kinnoul, on £. 1000 a Year; John flits, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions, (Be. in the Tower of London Or, Ru/Jell Plumptree, Reader of Physic in Cambridge

The Chprchwarcjensof Sl John Baptist - - - -John finch, Esquire, One of his Majestyk Council at Law The University of Oxford, on a Perpetuity -

The Heirs of Nicholas Yates . - - - _ -

-.George ;Duke of St. Albans, Master of the Hawks fp &s Majesty . Peter Lord King, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest . - -

Henry Bathurst, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law . John Newcome, Reader of Divinity in Cambridge -

John Scott, et al. Keepers of the Council Chamber

Edward Duke of Somerset, Chief Justice in Eyre, on the North Side of frfttf Frances Fane, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s.Council at Law John Earl Gower, Keeper x»f the Privy Seal - -

— John Earl of Ashburnham, Ranger of St. James's Park - .

Francis Dickens, Reader of Civil Law in the University of Cambridge

____Clerks in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office -

Henry Pelham, Esqwe, Chancellor of the Exchequer The Judges of England -

William Noel, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester, (Be.

John Talbot, Esquire, Second Justice of D°

The Mailers in Chancery -

Bichard Arundell, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe The Schoolmaster of Southwell - - - *

Vo u32.

Pomfret, late

Use

the

c- s. d.

200 — —

2,00 O — —

300 —

'*5 — —

500

1,250 — —

60 16 8

300 — —

61 — —

*37 — —

398 IQ —

*5$ IO —

11S

*4$ *3 4

*33 6 8

128 — —

44 — —

25 IQ —

*5° — —

25 IQ —

lS°

S»9°°

786 — 8

163 6 8

*3 6 8

100 — —

25>°°° —

5,000 — —

4* 9 4

x66 *3 4

200 *5 —

200 -p- —

89 — —

%3° 8 -i

— —

1,000 — —

37* 8 —

f, OOP — —

*7 6

So — —

*5 6 8

49 — —

ip — —

125 —

*,37* *°

723 5 9

40 — —

26 13 4

*4 — —

150 —

40 — - —

365 — —

5 *7 2i

6* —

22 10 —

180 12 2 i

20,997 11 11

73° —

500 — —

1,100 — —

70 16 3

10 — —

To

3 2 12° Jdnuarii.

Shallel Turner, A.M. Professor of Modem Hi (lory in the University of Cambridge John Pine, Gentleman, Engraver to his Majesty -

The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax ——

The Corporation of Berwick ——

Thomas Graham, Gentleman, Apothecary' in Ordinary to his Majesty -Sir Glement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty -Stephen Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant Master of D° -

Charles Fi/zroyScudamore, Esquire, Master'of his Majesty’s Tennis Court

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries - -

Jane Kien, Housekeeper at Kensington - -

The Fellows of Eton College - - - -....

Samuel Long, Esquire, Housekeeper at Newmarket -

William Earl Derby, et al. for the poor Ministers of the Isle of Man Dr. William Woodford, Reader of Physic in Oxford -

George Paul, L.L. his Majesty’s Advocate General -

George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Windsor Castle -William Cowper, Esquire, Knight Harbinger - -

William IVcodley, Esquire, Gloucester King at Arms John Anftis, Esquire, et al. King’s Heralds and Pursuivants -

Thomas Stbaflian Turfl, et al.Serjeants at Arms - - - *

Thomas Farrington, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -Henry Shelley, et al. whoadt as the other ——

Thomas Lord Bishop of London, Master of the Temple -

William Mellish, Esquire, Treasurer’s Remembrancer -Robert Barker, Esquire, Secondary in the said Office - -

Wilfiam Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenue ' - -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire-, Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Watchmen

Henry Banks, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law -

Thomas Holies, Duke of Newcastle, One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State -Robert Earl of Holderness — another -

William Noel, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law -

Thomas Darby Gardiner, Gentleman,'Clerk of the Nitchells - . -

The Vicar of Litchfield ——

John Lord Trevor, late One of his Majesty’s Council at Law - -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General -

- Christ's Uospital - - - - -

The Dean and Chapter of Westminfiflr -

Joseph Spence, A.M. Professor of Modern History in the University of Oxford -

Samitel Lord Masham, King’s Remembrancer - - - - - .' -

Officers of the Works ——

Sir Dudley Ryder, Knight, his Majesty’s Attorney General -

William Murray, Esquire,- his Majesty’s Solicitor General

Thorhas Clark, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law - -

The Corporation of Dartmouth- -; - -

John Philipfon, Esquire, -Surveyor Gerteral of his Majesty’s Woods - -

George Dunk Earl of Half ax. Ranger of Sawfey Forest - - " -

Robert Henley, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law -

- The Chufchwardens of St. Botdiph- - - - - *

Dr. Probert Jenner, Professor of -Law at Oxford -

Johif-Anfik, Esquire, Blanc Courfier Herald -

C/lartesFrewen, Esquire, -BrunswickHerald - ’ - -

- Thomas Sebastian Titrfi, Esquire,* late One of his Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms - -

George'OnJlow, Esquire, Gut Ranger of Windfo Forest - ~ —

Nathaniel Gundry, Esquire. late Onet)f the Judges of the King’s Bench -

- Horatio lValpole,i Esquire," Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -

‘ Comptroller bf -the Pipe Office - - _ -

William Wrightson, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in D® -

Rybert Cranmer, Esquire, * — another " ——

Thomas* Ripley, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s private Roads -: ' -

Sir-Richard Lloyd, Knight, late One of his Majesty’s Council at Law -

Ann Blacker by, Housekeeper of the House of Peers -

Thr Samtel Nicho/ls; Master oT the Temple; - ' ▼ ' - - . -: - -'

Charles l^ord Arran-, Keeper of 'Bagfhvt Rails - ' ' - - — -' - -

The and Chapter of Litchfield ---- - - -: -

Henry Bronfield, One of the Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office

Robert Barber, Esquire, — =- another - - - - .-: -

at.

77o.

c

‘ 4oo 5o. t Oo

,25

*’5

aoo

221

*32

200

3oo

42 200 I Oo

40

20

t82

*95

40

443

400

3oo

28

128

53

loo

365

4o XOo I Oo 6o 2o*

>5

20

8co

37o

6o

4oq

55

26y

94

93

35 *4o too

40

40

*4

79

a6

26

24

*74

43 40 io

i'o

36 30

9

4

5

10

5

4

s.

*3 4 3 4

10 —

16 3

6 S 4 6

4-6 8

10

*7 4

12 4

18 6

11 gi

L5 7i

*3 4

*3 4

15

»7 3i 6 8

10

8:

l3

6

9

6

4

8

538,083 3 11

Exchequer,-the 12th Day of 1770.

E. Wilford.

To

io Geo. III. 12° Januarii.

483

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ak A CCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid out of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingences, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 10th -Day* of October 1752 to the 10th Day of October 1760} distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 10th Day of Ofl 1754 to the 10th Day of 1755.

Privy Purse.

To Augustus Schutz, Esquire ——

Secret and Special Service. '

To Sir Thomas Robittfon, Knight of the Bath - - - - 3,000 — —

Robert Earl of Holdernesse ----- 3,000 — —

James IVeji, Esquire ----- 68,000 — —

Band of Pensioners.

To Sahtsbury Cade, Esquire ——

President of the Council.

To John Earl Granville - - - ‘ -

Keeper of the Privy Seal.

To John Earl Gower - - - - 681 15 — ? o ,3

Executors of D*.....J48 13 rjj ,>J3° 8 *

Charles Duke of Marlborough - - - - -1,31110 —

Matter of the Jewell Office.

To John Earl of Breadalbane ---- v - -

King’s Goldsmith.

To Thomas Minors -

Pensions, Bounties, Contingences, and all other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys, isle.

To Bettjamin Keene, Knight, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic

King.....- . - - , -

William Henry Earl of Rochford, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Denmark -

Joseph Torke, Esquire, his Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General -

Sir James Gray, Baronet, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of the Two Sicilies -

Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Resident with the Great Duke of -

Daniel Webb, Esquire, his Majesty’s Comraiflary with the States General Barrington Goldfworthy, Esquire, his Majesty’s Consul at Fort St. Mary and Cadiz Michael Hatton, Esquire, Secretary to his Majesty’s Commissaries in Flanders More, as Consul at the Ports of OJlend, tA

Robert White, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli - -

Robert Keith, Esquire, his Majesty’s Minister and Plenipotentiary to the Emperor of Germany ——

Charles Gordon, Esquire, Consul at Tunis ——

John Burnaby, Esquire, on 3 or. a Day -

Charles Holzendorf, Esquire, on £. 400 a Year - - - .

John Burnaby Parker, Esquire, Consul at Madrid -

Isaac Jamenau, Esquire, Consul General at Naples -

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, late Minister to the Court of Brussels -

Arthur Villettes, Esquire, Minister to the Swiss Cantons....

James Cope, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns in Germany -

William Pet tier ew, Esquire, Consul General at Tetuan -

Charles Townshend, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary EmbalTy to the Catholic

King.....- -....

Abraham Cajlres, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Portugal Vol. 32. 6 H

s. d.

36,000 — —

74,000-----

6,000 — —

4,000 — —

2,54i 18 if

700 — - —

1,872 1 — -

7,200 — — 2,173 2 —

3,520-----

2,225-----

*>775 -

912 10 — -

200 — —

730-----

200 — —

1^30----

3,155-----

500 — - —

547 ~

400 — —

500-----

I50-----

2,128 6 —

*575 -

2,395 -

650 -

M3°-----

2,225 — — To

1

4®4

12° Januarii.

To Ritvigru De Co/tte, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Most Christian King -

Onslow Burrish, Esquire, Resident in the Austrian Low Countries, and at the Court of the Bishop of Liege, and Minister to the several Princes in Germany -Stanhope Afpin wall, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Algiers -John Murray, Esquire, Resident to the Republic of -

Melchior Guy Dickens, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Empress of Russia William Mtldmay, Esquire, his Majesty’s Commissary to the Most Christian King Sir James Porter, Knight, his Majesty’s Commissary to the Emperor of Germany Andrew Mitchell, Esquire, his Majesty’s Commissary in Flanders -

Walter Tit ley, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark -

Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, during such Time as he shall be employed in his Majesty's Service at Berlin - -

Brinley Skinner, Esquire, on 3or. a Day -

Sir Charles Hanbury Williams, Knight of the Bath, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Prussia ——

More, as Ambassador to the Empress of - - - -1 .

William Ann Earl of Albemarle, AmbafTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Moll Christian King -

Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, late Resident at Brussels -

Executors of William Reed, late Agent and Consul General at Tripoli -George Earl of Bristol, Envoy to the King of Sardinia -

Burnaby, Esquire, Minister to the Cantons -

George Charles, Esquire, who is charged with his Majesty’s Affairs at the Court of

Turin ——

1770,

a

1,260 3 5

*>345 12

1.460 14 9

L495 -

2,869 3 9

1.460 — —

W5 — —

1.460 — —

2,273----

300-----

547 10 —

3,828----

1,920----

6,265 8 11

500----

390 1 —

955 -

5#5 9 —

410----

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

To George Lethbudge, Esquire, Sheriff of the City of Exeter, for an Over Payment

Jonathan Acklomy Esquire, John Wilkesy Esquire, William Phipps Esquire,

James Sifmey, Esquire, Robert Shafto, Esquire,

Sir John Chicheflery Baronet,

D‘

D°

D®

D®

D®

D°

of Nottingham, for

of Bucks of Wilts of Rutland -of Northumberland of Devon

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D°

Thomas Chitiy and Thomas Blackifton, Esquires, D® of London and Middlesex, D°

D® of Bedford D® of Cornwall D* of Salop D® of Kent D® of Wircester D® of Stafford

David Jamesy Esquire,

Sir John Glanvilley Knight,

Edward Pembertony Esquire,

Sir Thomas Ridery Knight,

Thomas Watfony Esquire,

Thomas Mills, Esquire,

Giles Whitehall, Esquire, Sheriff of Hereford

Henry Fownes Lad trel I, Esquire, D° of Somerset, John Bradshaw, Esquire, — - -

Walter Bartlett, Esquire,

John Webster, Esquire,

Sir William Flemming., Baronet,

Awnsham Churchhilly Esquire,

D*

D®

D°

D®

D®

of Lancaster of S iff ex of Warwick of Cumberland of Dorset

Fitzwilliams Barrington, Esquire, D® of Hertford Sir Thomas Heathcott, Baronet, ~

John Chambu., Esquire,

Peter Madock Dobion, Esquire,

William Jenkins, Esquire,

Rowland Wingfield, Esquire,

William Herrick, Esquire,

Sir George Dalton, Baronet,

Robert Randall, Esquire,

William Morjhead, Esquire,

William Hunt, Esquire,

Henry Curwen, Esquire,

James Ward, Esquire,

Charles Woodnorth, Esquire,

D® of Southampton D° of Monmouth D° of Devon D® of Monmouth D® of Salop D® of Leicester

g® of Cumberland ® of Stffex

D® of Cornwall of Essex of Cumberland of Southampton of Bucks

Sheriff of Lancaster,

D®

D®

D®

D®

D"

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D"

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D"

D"

D®

D®

for an Over Payment

Richard Townley, Junior, Esquire,

Peter Thomas and Nockold Thomas, Gentlemen, late Sheriffs of the City of D®

Edward Polhill, Esquire, late Sheriff of Wilts - D" -

Sir Charles Afgill and Sir Richard Glynn, Knights, Sheriffs of the City of London and County or Middlesex ---- D* _ .

Thomas Kemble, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucester - - - D® -

William Miller, towards the Charge of his Passage to North Carolina - -

William Ml Ciena chan James Craigg

Edward Win

John Graves Christopher Newton Jenkin Lewis -

D° to New England D" to Virginia D® to New England D* to D®

D® to D°

D® to South Carolina

58 4 JO}

47 7 9 67 13

45 11 ~i IS 10

-5

7

4

118 15 10 788 19 5

3 6

38 18 2±

8l 5

45 J4 3

z5 7 6

118 2 9

98 2 6

*5 *9 4f

6s 10 —

74 *5 6

2 8 — 8

79 — 9 53 3 Si 43 l7 89 5 11

50 2 7

1 39 —

29 7 4

56 7 7

2.5 1 — f

106 4 1

80 7 9

17 2 8

39 1

65 6 8

34 —

34 15 9

69 10 —

iji — 4 55 6 4i

io Geo. III.

12° Jamarii.

To Aaron Cleveland, towards the Charge of Lis Passage to Thomas Thornton D® to

'John Rosse’ - - - D°

Solomon Palmer - D’

Henry By am D°

Clement Brooke,- - - D°

Thomas Barton Isaac Hunt

to D"

t or New England to Antigua to South Carolina -D° td Pensylvania D® to Barbadoes

Thomas Davis - - D® to Pensylvania -

Marmaduke Brown - - - D® to New England -

Arthur Collins, free Gift and Royal Bounty -

Christian Gottlib Chriflhold - D® -

William Ellis D° - - - -....

William Jones - - - D® ——

Mary and Ann Smallridge -

Sir Thomas Harrison, Knight, Chamberlain of the City of , for the Poor of the said City ——

William Eyre, Serjeant at Law, for the Service performed by him as an Associate Judge on the Western Circuit -

William Latton, Esquire, late his Majesty’s Consul at Tetuan, in free Gift

and Royal Bounty ——

Joseph Richardson, Gentleman, to be applied in purchasing a Present for the new Dey of Algiers ——

More for the new Bey of Tripoli -

William Davis, to reimburse Expences and pay Bills of Exchange -Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies to his Majesty, for Signior Vignola ——

More for Count Perron ——

Thomas Hill, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom, for Incidents ——

Count de Perron, Envoy Extraordinary from the King of Sardinia -William Williams, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Tax, &c. for the Counties of Carmarthen, See. ——

Lord George Beauclerk, Ranger of Bagshot Rails in Windsor Forest Lietenant Henry Angel, on £. 3 a Day - - 1 -

Richard Williamson, for his Majesty’s Special Service - -

John Pownall, Esquire, for Presents to the Chiefs of the Indians in Alliance with his Majesty ——

Henry Fane, Esquire, for satisfying the several Surplufes due to several late Receivers of Prizes in the Reign of Queen Anne, on parting their Accounts.

Robert Earl of Holdemejje, for extraordinary Expences in attending his Majesty to Germany ——

John Larpent, Esquire, to pay for Pottage, Eftafettes, See. relating to the said Office James Wallace, and ethers, to defray the Expences, See. in attending his Majesty to Germany ——

James Reynolds, Gentleman, for his Service in former Lotteries -Thomas Stephens, for discovering his Method of making Pot Ashes -Wentworth Odiarne, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons Richard Jephfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers Giflingham Cooper, Goldsmith, towards repairing the Roads in the Counties of Cumberland and Northumberland -

Charles Lord Cornwallis, Lieutenant of the Tower of London - - - >

Thomas Barnard, for Incidents for the Lottery 1755 -

John Roberts, Esquire, as Governor of the late Royal African Company, at Cape C.oajl Castle -

William Duke of Cumberland, for holding Swanimote Courts in Windsor Forest Peter How, Esquire, Receiver of Taxes ——

William Fortune, Esquire, Receiver of D® -

Ralph Jennifon, Esquire, Master of the Buck Hounds -

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, and others, for their Services and Attendance on the Lords Justices during his Majesty’s Absence Abroad - - - .

John Larpent, Esquire, to reimburse Expences, and for the Relief of Foreign Protestants -

AugujiusSckutz, Esquire, to pay Bills at Richmond Lodge - -

Richard Wellington, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Tax, See. for the Counties of Brecon, &c. -

John Jones, to reimburse Expences for his Majesty’s Special Service -Samuel Wilson, Gentleman, to defray the Expences of the Lottery' 1751 Peter Meyer, of London, Merchant, to pay Bills of Exchange - -

Andreev Reid, Gentleman, for Transportation of Felons -

The several Sheriffs of England and Wales, to bear their Expences in parting their several Accounts - - 1 -

Arthur Vanjittart, for the Rent of Mote Park -

John Earl of Ashburnham, Keeper of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring VoL. 32.

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

20

300

200

1,700

300

200

1.000 100

lx5

coo

535

17,636

383

545

!»558

4.000

585

35

906

5.797

2,500

1,119

485

s. d.

15 6

11 8

18 6

18 —

9 4

10 3

12 6

11 41

3,000 — —

1,540

100

3,000

475

85

6.000

71

1.000

2.000 40

179

425

700

15 8 10 —

*4 3

13 9

2 —

1,400-----

800

3,210

240

5.000 500

56 7

1,7*0

4.000 322

335

6

2 —

5 —

8 —

" *To

12° Januarii. A. 1770.

To Mosely Bennett, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road from said Gate to Kensington -

Michael Thirkle, Esquire, Junior, Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County of

Suffolk - ' ——

Humphry Adams, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Berks, for Conviction of Felons

John Chat field. Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Surrey - - - D® -

William Morjhead, Esquire, Sheriff of Cornwall, for ' - - - D°

David James, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford ----- D®--

7 imothy Waldo, Esquire, Under Sheriff of the City of London and County of Middlesex, D® John Bradshaw, Esquire, Sheriff of Lancaster - - - - D®

Peter Maddock Dodlon, Esquire, Sheriff of Devon D® -

Edward Pemberton, Esquire, Sheriff of Salop - - - - D®

John Ckambre, Esquire, Sheriff of Monmouth D®

Thomas Hejketh, Esquire, Sheriff of Lancaster - - - - D® - -

John North, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Bedford - - - D®

James Park, Gentleman - D® of - - - D®

Christopher Hull - - - D® of Kent - - - D" - -

Robert Henville - - - D® of Oxford D®

William Pryor Johnson - - D® of - - - D®

Nathaniel Cooper - - D® of Norfolk D®

Arthur Evans, Esquire, Sheriff of Wilts - - - D®

»//« Coffins, Esquire - - D® of Gloucester - D® - -

JoAs Bright and Thomas Harris, Esquires, D® of Bristol - - D®

Webfier, Esquire - - D® of Warwick - - - D®

William Mitchell, Esquire - D® of Cambridge D°

G//w Thornton Heysham, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertford - D. - -

Thomas Philips, Esquire - D® of Worcester, - - D®

Thomas Rous, Esquire - D® of Glamorganshire - - D® - -

Robert Drewry and Bennett D° of Lincoln D®

Barnard, Esquire, - D® of Southampton D®

Thoruloe, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Worcester - - D®

Richard Fuller, Esquire, Sheriff of iterfa - - - D®

Fitzwilliams Barrington, Esquire D® of Hertford - - D®

JMa Glanville, Esquire D® of Cornwall - - D®

William Jenninx, Ef quire - D® of Suffolk D*

Ayscough Boucherett, Esquire D® of Lincoln - - - D®

jfenry Fowties Luttrell., Esquire D® of Somerset D° - -

Walker, Esquire, Ulher of the Court of Exchequer - - - - *

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Mackintcfh, in Satisfaction of a Georgia Bill -

Sir £/m, Knight, Treasurer to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Maintenance of the poor Clergy ——

William Hay, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London, to be applied in procuring and purchasing several Books to be kept in the said Office William Earl of Strafford, Farmer of the Poll Fines -

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries -

Richard Chejlyn, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Imposts Philip Sharpe, Gentleman, for the Under Clerks of the Privy Council ... Henry Hitch, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Tax for the West Riding of the County of York -

Robert Ferguson and Nathaniel Paice, Esquires, to be applied as his Majesty’s Royal Bounty, for supplying the Ministers, &c. settled in his Majesty’s Colonies in America, with religious Books -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, et al. Clerks of the House of Commons -

Joseph Wight, et al. Clerks of the House of Peers -

William Milford, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County of Sussex -Thomas Baskett, for printing Acts of Parliament, iAc, - -

Benjamin Avery, L. D. a Bounty -

Charles Hatton D° -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis . -

Francis Lord Hawley ——

Annuities, Allowances, lAc.

To James Creffet, Esquire, Treasurer to his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales -Nicholas Herbert, Esquire, Treasurer to the Princes Amelia and Carolina Her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales

Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, et al. Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.....- -

Henry Bilson Legge, Esquire, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer -

Henry Fane, et al. Clerks of his Majesty’s Treasury -Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Hugh Faience Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of his Majesty’s Treasury Charles Palmer, et al. for their Attendance in the Treasury Office -

Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor for his Majesty’s Affairs in the Court of Exchequer

L t- A.

6$-----

M5* 4 3 130 — > — 420 — —

40-----

100 — -1,300 — —

40-----

140 — - — 40-----

4°-----

10----

60 —

80-----

160 — — 100 — — 60 — —

40-----

160 — — 160 — . < — 160 — —

90-----

40-----

160 — — 10 — —

5°----

10----

40----

90-----

220 -- —

90-----

30----

80----

too--- --

90-----

1,489 — - IO

6»r55 4 4* 300----

13,900 — — .

too ---- —

956 7 Si

too-----

96 12 —

3OO — —

*>6o7 13 Si

200 — —

1,640 — — 800 — — 6,000 — —

5»436 7 6

800 — — .

400 — — top — —

1QO — —

St2, COO — -

15,867 7 t

7,090 --

8,000 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

200 -

200 -

660----

to Geo. III.

12° Janua

4H

To Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records of the forfeited Estates in England * Dr. Robert Smith, Master of Mechanics to his Majesty - -

John Ddwfon, Esquire, for Extra Services by him performed in the Office of Auditor

of the Receipt of Exchequer - -

Edward Wilford, Gentleman, for keeping the Register of all the Public Loans in the

Office of Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Charles Bettridge, late Porter attending the Exchequer Gate -

John Jackson - - - D° - -

Abraham Farley and John Borlace, Esquires, Deputy Chamberlains of his Majesty’s Exchequer. ——

D° as Senior Deputy Chamberlain - *

William Hay, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London -More, for Three Clerks - -

William Hocker, Gentleman, Chief Clerk in said Office - - - *

Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer - *

More, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster - -

Richard Lord Edgecombe, Chancellor of the Duchy of -

! Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of 'Trent

Charles Duke of Grafton, on £. 3,coo a Year -

Robert Earl of Holdernesse, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State -Sir Thomas Robinson, Knight of the Bath - another -

Arthur Onslow, Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons -The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom *

Thomas Hill, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners -John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, -

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D° ——

Charles Duke of Marlborough, on £. 1,540 a Year -

William Ann Earl of Albemarle, Groom of the Stole to his Majesty -

William Henry Earl of Rochford, Groom of the Stole to his Majesty -

William Ann Holies Earl of Essex, One of the Gentlemen of his Majesty’s Bedchamber ——

Peregrine Duke of Ancaster - another -

George Earl of Orford ----- another -

William Henry Earl of Rochford - - another - -

Thomas Lord Viscount Fauconberg - another . -

Robert Duke of Manchester - - - - another - -

Henry Earl of Lincoln - - - - another - -

John Earl of Ashburnham - another -

Francis Earl of Hertford ---- another -

William Earl Fitzwilliams - - - another * -

Charles Marquis of Rockingham - another -

George William Earl of Coventry - another -

Hugh Earl of Northumberland - - - another -

John Earl Poulett - - - another -

John Earl of Hyndford ----- another -

John Duke of Rutland, on £: 1,540 a Year -

Richard Carter, Esquire, Chief Justice of , (Ac.

The Executors of D° - -

John Hervey, Esquire, Second Justice of D® -

Rogers Holland, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, (Ac. -Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -

Edward Barker, Esquire, 5th Baron of the Court of Exchequer -Mathew Lamb, Esquire, One^of his Majesty’s Council at Law - .

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, Warden of Windsor Forest -William Finch, Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold -Sir Robert Rich, Baronet, One of the Grooms of his Majesty’s Bedchamber John Clavering, Esquire ----- another -

John Campbell, Esquire ----- another -

William Herbert, Esquire - another -

Edward binch, Esquire, ----- another -

John Moyfton, Esquire ----- another -

Edward Cornwallis, Esquire - another - <*

John Waldegrave, Esquire - - - another -

George Duke of St. Alban's,on £. 1,000 a Year -

Hugh Earl of Marchmont, ort £. 1,500 a Year - -

James Lord Somerville, on £. 800 a Year -

John Earl Hopefoun D° ——

John Earl of Hyndford -D# - *

John Earl of Finlater - D° ——

Alexander Earl of Galloway D* ——

Shalto Charles Lord Aberdour D° ——

William Earl of Sutherland, on £. 500 a Year -

George Campbell, Goldsmith, to be disposed of by him for his Majesty’s Service, 600 a Year ——

Vol. 32. 6 1 T

£‘ d,

200 — —

150----

100 — —

o-----

*3 17 9f 6 — 9|

80 — — 40 ——

375 -

112 10 —

100 —; —

420 — > —

480 — —

1,200 — — 1,500----

3.000 — —

1.850 — —

1.850 -

2.000 — —

8.000 — —

M5°-----

400 — — 400 — —

77°-----

900 — — 675 6 10

304 »5 304 15 io± 30+ 15 10* 658 18 *

1.000 -

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

664 7 8

1.000 — —

756 5 9 200 — > —

51 6 si

40© — - —

40® —

300 — —

75 — 40 —

537 9 sii

606 — — coo — — 500 — — 500 — — 500 — — > 500 — — 500 — — 500 — — 500 — —

1.000 — ---

1,500 -

800 — — 800 * — — 800 — — 800 — — 800 — — 287 13 5

500 — — '

600 — —

T©

4

V

488

12® Januarii.

A. 1770:

To Thomas Grants Esquire, on £. 400 a Year -

George Earl of Crawford, £. 350 a Year -

Donald Lord ifory, £.300 a Year - .

Norman Macleod, Esquire, £. 400 a Year -

Archibald Duke of Argyll, and George Cafor the Maintenance of the Children

of William Lord Forbes -

William Earl of Home, £. 200 a Year -

John Earl of Kintore -D® ——

James Lord Forbes John Lord Gray Robert Lord Rollo Alexander Lord Banff Dr. Andrew St. Clair

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

Lady Catharine Wemyfs,£. 100 a Year -

Lady Mary Campbell, £. 50 a Year ——

Martha Johnsion -D® -

Sir Clement Cottrell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies -

Sir Henry Bellenden, Knight, Gentleman Usher Black Rod -William Chetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Interludes, &c.

Edward Capell, Esquire, Deputy Examiner -

William Duke of Cumberland,£. 15,000 a Year -

John Scott and Thomas Dring, Keepers of the Council Chamber

Mary Magdalen Taylor, Keeper 01 the Privy Lodgings at Hampton Court -

Augufius Earl of Berkley, Constable of the Forest of -

The Executors of Alexander Earl of Leven, on 800 a Year -

Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pells -

The Executors of Charles Duke of Bolton, on £. 2,000 a Year William Tabor Kempe, Esquire, Attorney General of the Province of Nezv York Corporation of Lyme Regis, £. 100 a Year -

Clerks and Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer -

William Murray, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General

Sir Richard Lloyd, Baronet, his Majesty’s Solicitor General -

Nathaniel Rorve, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -

Thomas Ripley, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Private Roads, &c.

John Earl Tilney, Warden of Waltham Forest, in the County of

Her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia, Ranger of Richmond Park

Richard Hammond, Esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer

John Ibbutt, Messenger attending the Printing Press -

The Under Keepers of Cranbourn Chafe -

John Earl of Ashbumham, Keeper of Hyde Park -

John Sharpe, Esquire, Solicitor of his Majesty’s Treasury -Edzoard Earl of Warwick and Holland, £. 800 a Year -Clerks of the Privy Council -Edward Duke of Somerset, £. 1,200 a Year -

John Lord Bishop of Saturn, Chancellor of the Most Noble Order of the Garter Mungo Haldane, on £. 400 a Year

Henry Folkes, Esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath -

James Bradley, D.D. £. 250 a Year -

The Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher -

Richard Arundell, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General -

Henry Mafierman, Esquire, King’s Clerk of the Crown Office -

Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Antigua

Corbyn Morris, Esquire, Agent for the Island of Newfoundland, and other Places

Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, late Governor of the Island of Barbadoes -

William Popple, Esquire, Commander in Chief of the Bermuda Islands

Benjamin Carpenter, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Montserrat -

Arthur Dobbs, Esquire, Governor of the Province of North Carolina

Henry Grenville, Esquire, Governor of the Island of Barbadoes - -

George Thomas, Esquire, Captain General and Governor of the Leeward Islands

Launcelot Story, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Nevis -

Gilbert Fleming, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St.

James Glen, Esquire, Governor of the Province of South Carolina -

John Tinker, Esquire, Governor of the Bah Islands -

William Henry Littleton, Esquire, Governor of South Carolina -

Messengers.

To Edward Bryant, Messenger of his Majesty’s Chamber - - - ‘ -

John Jones, John Oldnall, Peter Dubourg, and John Walker, the Four Messengers attending the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer - -

John Oldnall, One of the above Messengers -

John Walker - another ——

Peter Dubourg - another -

L J. da

400 —

35° — —

300 —

Soi I II

*5° —

200 — —

200 — _

200 — —

200 — _

200 — —

200 — _

200 — —

100 — —

5° — —

50 — —

100 — _

200 — — 1

400 — —

200 —

O O O r\ —

73 — —

18 5 —

105 —

129 6 3 \

200 — —

195 8 4

284 18 71

ns — —

100 — —

35 — —

lls 10 —

11s 10 —

20 —

53 6 8

60 16 8

£70 — —

178 10 —

40 — .

60 — —

80 — —

400 — —

750 — —

800 — —

4oo — —

t,200 — —

57° 5 —

300 — —

393 19 5

250 — —

SO — —

60 — —

200 — —

So — —

200 — — 1

300 — —

500 — —

340 — —

200 — —

:,oco — —

1,000 — —

,200 — —

300 — —

300 — —

400 — —

500 — —

250 """

60 16 8

288

20 f J5 —

2I4 —

OO x5 To

to Geo. III.

12° Janua

489

To John Heath, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -

Edward Stanley - another -

Thomas Potter, One of the Meficngers of the Court of Exchequer -William Colebrook - another - -

Henry Ballowe - another -

DevereuxDavis - another ——

John Bright - - another - -

Fees, Perpetuities, &c.

To Edward Barker, Esquire, 5th Baron of the Court of Exchequer -

- William Duke of Cumberland, £. 15,000 a Year - -

Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, et al. for the Princess Royal, £. 5,000 a Year -Sir Thomas Allen, Baronet, One of the Serjeants at Arms . -

IVentworth Odiarne, Esquire, another ——

John Earl Gower, Keeper of the Privy Seal ——

Executors of D*

John Duke of Marlborough, D" -

Churchwardens of St. Michael, Cornhill - -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary - - - >-

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent -

George Earl of Kinnoul, or his Assigns, £. 1,000 a Year - - - - , -

Matter and Fellows of Emanuel College, Cambridgi

John Allen, et al. Apothecaries to his Majesty

Clerk of the Privy Council - -

Edward Duke of Somerset, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent George Duke of St. Alban's, Master of the Hawks to his Majesty -Robert Earl of Holderness, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State Sir Thomas Robmfon, Knight of the Bath - another -

Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, late another - r - -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons -

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, Keeper of Sawfey Forest - - r

Edward Harby, Vicar of the Tower of London -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe Office -

William Wrigktfon, Esquire, One of the Secondaries of D* -

Robert Cranmer, Esquire, another -

Clerks in the Pipe "Office ——

Horatio Walpole, Clerk of the Fbreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -

Ann Blacker by, Housekeeper of the House of Peers -

Charles Frewen, Esquire, Brunswick Herald -

Thomas Ripley, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Private Roads -Fletcher Norton, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law -

Charles York, Esquire - - another -

Charles Pratt, Esquire - - another - -

Edward-Finch, Esquire - - another - -

Henry Banks, Esquire - - another - -

Robert Henley, Esquire - ‘ - ' another - -

The Governors of Christ's Hospital -

Joseph Spence, A. M- Professor of Modern History in the University of Oxford

The Corporation of Dartmouth -

William Murray, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General -

Sir Richard Lloyd, - D* Solicitor General -

Russell Plumptree, M. D. and Reader in Physic in the Academy of Cambridge

Robert Barber, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office

Doctor Samuel Nicholls, Master of the Temple -

Sir Martin Wright, Knight, on £. 1,000 a Year -

Churchwardens of St. Botolph, Aldersgate ——

D° of St. Magnus, London - - - - ....

D°ofSt. John Baptist, Walbrooke ——

Thomas Seivell, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law —

Francis Fane, Esquire - another -

Henry Gould, Esquire - another -

William Noel, Esquire - another -

John Scott and Thomas Dring, Keepers of the Council Chamber -

John Ellys, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London

William Cowpsr, Knight Harbinger to his Majesty ....

ShallettTurner, A. M. Professor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge John Earl of Ashburnham, Hanger of St. James's Park

Thomas Graham, Gentleman, Apothecary in Ordinary to his Majesty.

Fellows of Eton College

George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Windsor Castle ....

George Onjlozv, Esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

Samuel Long, Esquire, his Majesty’s Housekeeper at Newmarket ..

Jane Keen - D® at Keujington ——

William Earl Derby, et al. for the poor Ministers of the Isle of Man.

The Officers of the Ordnance -

Vo l.32.

f.' s. d. 332 19 — 3 32 19 —

128 ___ —

146 13 4

*33 6 8 128-----

44-----

>74

z5» 000

5>°oo

too

loo

97

76

*8i

*4

80

166

*»©Oo

33

80

1,000

loo

*»37*

too

78 21 10 40

20 40 10 to

9

43

9

26

36

43

40

43 40 40 40

37o

400

40

81

7o

40

26

37 a73

7

21

7

40

40

44 40 9i

136

*95

400

89a

4*

182

600

200

300

100

252

— if

7 6 7

8 —

11 -1

6 8

it> - —

18 — I 1 11

3 4 6 8 2 6

13 4 10 —

14 6

16 8f

10

6 8

13 4 6 8

- Ji

4 8

13 4

5 "

17 o

16 8

17 6

10

13 £

To

49°

12° Janua

A. 1770.

To the Officers of the Works -

Richard Heron, Esquire, Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -

Charles Earl of Arran, Keeper of Bagshot Park.....-

Officers of the Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bills

More on their Fees -

William Woodford, M. L). Profcflor in Physic in the University of Oxford -

George Paul, L L. D. Advocate General to his Majesty -

The Executors of D° ——

Joseph Smith, el al. Serjeants at Arms to his Majesty -

King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Anns -

Thomas Farrington, Esquire, One of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer

Henry Shelly and Michael Warden, Esquires, who aft as the other -

The Heirs of Nicholas Tates ——

The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax - . - _ -

Claudius Amy and, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries -

Sir Clement Cottei-ell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies -

Charles Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant D° -

The Mayor and Corporation of Berwick upon Tweed

Charles Fitzroy Scudamore, Esquire, Master of the Tennis Court -

Robert Jenner, L. D. Professor and Reader of Laws in the University of Oxford

Henry Bilson Legge, Esquire, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer -

Master or the Grammar School at Southzvell _ -

The Dean and Chapter of Westminster, for the Ministers of the French Church in the Savoy -

Richard Arundell, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer -

__ Samuel Lord Masham, Remembrancer in D° -

The University of Oxford ....

The Judges of England -

William Noel, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester, See. ....

John Talbot, Esquire, Second Justice of D*. -

Matters in Chancery - - - - ,

John Pine, Gentleman, Chief Engraver of Seals to his Majesty - -

Andrezo Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the Records at Whitehall . >-John Philipfon, Esquire, Surveyor General of the Woods The University of Cambridge -

Harry Burrard, Esquire, Keeper of the New Forest in the County of Southampton

Francis Dickens, L. D. Reader of Laws in the University of Cambridge -

William Woodley, Esquire, GloucesterKing at Arms -

Lewis Watson, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -William AiJlabie, Esquire, another - -

William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenue -Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Watchmen Henry Darby Gardiner, Gentleman, Clerk of the Nichills in the Court of Exchequer - - , - -

The Vicars of Litchfield ——

Robert Herbert, Esquire, Surveyor General ——

£. s. d.

267 12 4

64 2 1

568

5,9oo----

785 11 8

40----

20 — —

7 15 7i

702 12 6

413 — 8’-

400----

300----

100----

100----

200 — — 200 — - — 221 13 4

100----

*3* 3 4

40----

200----

10----

60----

47 4 *

55 *7 4 33 6 8

21,480. 5 2

730 -

500 — —

*>°96 7 4

50----

160----

100 — —

5°----

626 7 4*

30-----

40----

75 1 4

33 6 8

IOO — ---

365----

20 — —

*5----

800 — —

542,862 8 11

Exchequer, the 12th Day of January 17 70.

E. Wilford.

To

io Geo. III.

491

12° Janua

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse* Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the loth Day of October 1752 to the 10th Day of October 1760; distinguishing the Amount in; each Year.

From the 10th Day of October 1755 to the lOthDay of 1756.

To Augustus Schulz, Esquire

Privy Purse

Secret and Special. Service To James West, Esquire -

Robert Earl of Holdernesse -

Sir Thomas Robinson, Knight of the Bath Henry Fox, Esquire -

Nicholas Harditige, Esquire -

106,315 11 6

3,000 — — 1,887 J5 8t 1,185 12 3l 10,000 — —

To John Earl Granville

President of the Council.

Keeper of the Privy Seal.

To Charles Duke of Marlborough -Granville Leveson. Earl Gower -

1,194 6 zl

i»431 —

Matter of the Jewels. To John Earl of Breadalbine -

Band of Pensioners.

To Salusbury Cade, Esquire^ - -

King’s Goldsmith.

To Thomas Minors -

jr. s. JU

36,000 — —

122,388 19 6

4,000 — — -

2,625 6 4i

700

6,000 — —

6^87 12 9

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever j viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys, fsV.

To Sir Benjamin Keene, Knight of the Bath, his Majesty’s Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King ——

George William Earl of Bristol, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia Joseph Yorke, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces -

Sir James Gray, Baronet, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of the Two Sicilies Abraham Castres, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Portugal Melchior Guy Dickens, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Empress of Russia Walter Tit ley, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark Sir Charles Hanbury Williams, Knight of the Bath, Ambassador Extraordinary to the Empress of Rtftia ——

Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Resident with the Great Duke of Tuscany -

James Cope, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns -

Onslow Burrifli, Esquire, Resident in the Austrian Low Counties, and at the Court of the Bishop of Leige, and Minister to several Princes in Germany -John Murray, Esquire, Resident to the Republic of Venice -Robert Keith, Esquire, Minister Plenipotentiary to the Emperor of Germany Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Minister at the Court of Brussels -

Vol. 32. 6 K

6,900 — — *,33°-----

3,528-----

2.130 -

2.130 — —

785-----

2.130 -

4,860 — —

1,778 —

i,398 — —

2>$39 — i,495 - 3,162 —

*,133 6

To

49

2

12

J

mam.

A. 1770.

To Arthur VilUttes, Esquire, Miniver at the Sz Cantons -

James Purler, Esquire, his Majesty’s Commill'ary to the Emperor of derma Charles Townshend, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embafiy to t!>e Catholic King ,. !,hri . - * =*. - .

Ruvigny de Cofne, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embafiy to the Mod Chrii-

tjan King ---- _ _ -

Michael Ifallon,. Esquire,.Secjetary to his Majesty’s Conimjfiaries in Flanders

More, as Consul at the Ports of Ostend, Newport, and Bruges in Flanders 1$urripg/<m, G?ldfiMrthy, Esquire,.Coilful at Port Mary and Cadiz in +

Robert White, Esquire, Qoniul General at Tripoli -

Charles Cor^o«, Esquire, Consul at ‘7Wr -

John Burnaby Parker, Esquire, Consul at Madrid -

Isaac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul General at Naples -

William Petlicrew, Esquire, Consul General at -

Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Algiers -

William Mildmay, Esquire, Comm*fiaryto-the-M<j4t Christian -King -

Andrew Mitchell, Esquire, Commissary in Flanders -

More, as Minister at the Court of Prussia -

John Burnaby, Esquire, on 30 s.a Day ——

Brinley Skinner, Esquire, on 30s. a Day ——

Charles Holzendorf, Esquire, for Services performed to his Majesty in foreign Parts Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, during such Time as he shall be employed in his Majesty’s Service ——

George Charles, ( Esquire, charged with his Majesty’s Affairs at the Court of Turin David Lord Vjlcount Stormont, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Richard Whatley, Esquire, Consul General at Tetuan ----,-

Gifts,--Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

I'o Francis Clare, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of for an Over Payment

Richard Fitzherbert^ Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Derby r D® - -

Henry Talbot, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Surrey - D®

Thomas Hejkelh, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of - - D* - -

Henry Jubb and Thomas Marjitt, Esquires, Sheriffs of the City of York D°

SackvilleEarl of Thanet, Sheriff of the County of D°

William Mitchell, Esquire, Sheriffof the County of Cambridge and 0

John Swinburne, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Northumberland , D°

Giles Thornton Heyjhllm, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of D® - -

Arthur Evans, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Wilts - - D"

John May dell, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Rutland - - D*

Thomas Faux, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Bedford - - D°

George Sayer, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Kent - - - D® - r

Thomas Strode, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Dorset D°

John Jones, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Monmouth D°

Henry White, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Northampton - D°

Thomas Slaughter, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Chester - - D° - -

John Major, Esquire, Sheriff’ of the County of Sussex D®

John Burridge Leigh, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Stafford - D® - -

Robert Lawton, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Chester - - D®

Timothy Fetherjlonhaugh, Esquire, Sheriff'of the County of Cumberland D°

John Barnard, Esquire, Sheriff' of the County of Southampton D®

Joseph Davenport, towards defraying the Charge of his Patlage to Virginia

Samuel Laird - - - D° - to North Carolina -

John Feveryear - - - D" - to the Bermuda Iffands

Alexander Williamson. - - D® - to Maryland -

James Meyre - - - - D® - to Virginia -

William Johnson - - - D® - to Neve Fork

Samuel Fayerweather - - D® to New England -

Daniel Earl - D® - to North Carolina -

Philip Walker - - - D° - to Maryland -

William Meldram - - D" - to Virginia -

Arthur Collins, Gentleman, as his Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty -

William Ellis, Esquire - D" ——

William Jones, Gentleman -D° -

Mary and Ann Sm allridge-D® ——

Benjamin Avery, D. L. - D* -

Joseph Richardson, Esquire -D® ——

George Mackenzie Quin, Esquire D® ——

Charles Hatton - - - D® ——

Henry APCullock, Esquire -D® ——

Francis Lord Hawley - - D® -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis ——

Sir Clement Collerell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies, as a Prelent to Count Czernicheiv ——

More, as a Present to Signior Gafaldi -

Joseph Richardson, Esquire, to be paid over to William Esquire, Consul at Tetuan

f. S. j.

7,061 I O —

1,090 — . ——

1,132 — —

W. — —

200 —

,200 —: —

V 7*9 12 —

500 — —

5°3 — —

200 — —

4*7 10 —

1,185 11 6

73b — —

I, ICO 960 — —

— —

549 — —

549 — —

400

3°o — —

462 — —

1,615 —

162 r '*. t 10

2l lS 6

16 — I

54 12 t i 4

92 12 —

18 25 9 3

19 1 2

39 2 —

33 *3 4

2 5 b it

111 to

iS —

17 — 5

38 4 7

52 — 7?

40 6 0 3

96 5 9

116 2 3

70 14 z

2 4 9

J l8 1 f 11

79 J9 9

90 6 5

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — — -

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

200 — —

1,700 — —

300 —

200 — —

8co — —

1,000 — —

200 — —

400 — —

Ln O O — —

1 00 — - *

3 00 — —

545 18 —

331 3 —

2J7 ll \ 6

io Geo. III.

2° Jama

493

More, to satisfy the Debts of Ambtofe Stamford, Esquire* late Consul General at Algiers -More, to purchase a Present to the Emperor of Morocco -

To Sir Thomas Harrison, Knight, Chamberlain of the City of to be distributed

amongst the Poor in the said City - -

John Tomlinson and John Hanbury, Merchants, to be paid over to the Colonies of New York, Nezv England, and New Jersey, in Reward for their past Services, and to encourage them to exert themselves with Vigour in Defence of his Majesty’s just Right and Possessions -

Robert Fergufonand Nathaniel Fake, Esquires, to purchase Books for Foreign Pro-

testants lettled in America -

John Larpent, Esquire, for the Relief of Foreign Protestants - -

William Davis, Gentleman, to reimburse Expences and pay Bills of Exchange -

Arthur Vansittart, Esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park -

Robert Yeates, Gentleman, One of the Clerks of the House of Commons, for Services, and to reimburse Expences - -

James Wallace and others, for their Attendance on his Majesty during his Absence out of the Kingdom ——

Major James Provost, to enable him to raise a Regiment of Protestant Swiss and Germans, now lettled in North America - -

Peter Meyer, Merchant, for a Bill of Exchange -

Newdigate Poyntz, Esquire, One of the Clerks of the House of Commons, to reimburse Expences - -

John Chatfield, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Surrey, for Conviction of

Felons -

Francis Highzvay, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Worcester - D° -Thomas Strode, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Dorset - - D® -

Giles Thornton Heyjhatn, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Hertford D®

John James Mansfield, Gentleman,' Under Sheriff of the County of Southampton, for Conviction of Felons - -

Timothy Waldo, Esquire, Under Sheriff of the City of London and County of Mid-

dlesex

Sir Thomas Parhyns, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Nottingham Timothy Fetherjlonhaugh, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Cumberland John Barrage Leigh, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Stafford

Richard Chifwe/l, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Essex

Edward Pemberton, Esquire, Sheriff "of the County of Salop -Henry Uthzvait, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Bucks Edward Waters, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Glamorgan Thomas Faux, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Bedford William Marshall, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Lincoln -

Sir John Rogers, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Devon John Jacob, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Wilts -Cooke Freston, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Suffolk William Beckford and Ive Whitbread, Esquires, Sheriffs of the City County of Middlesex -

James Perry, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Somerset Christopher Hull, Esquire, Under Sheriff of the County of Kent Edward Emmett, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Essex Edward Thomas, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Hereford -Henry Weare and James Hillhouse, Esquires, Sheriffs of the City of Bristol Henry Southwell, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Huntingdon John Oliver Williams, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Devon -JoJ'ephBiddle, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Worcester William Poddn, Esquire ——

Joseph Caverley, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Sussex >-George Montgomery Met ham , Esquire, Sheriff of the County of York Rees Price, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Carmarthen Peter Spinks, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Southampton John Hooke, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Pembroke William Stodart, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Carnarvon Philip Gill, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Derby -John Johnson, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Lancaster Sir William Burnaby, Knight, Sheriff of the County of Oxford John Langley, Esquire, Sheriff'of the County of Salop *

Thomas Neal, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Warwick The Commissioners of the Lottery - - " -

Thomas Barnard, Gentleman, to cleaT the incident Expences of the Lottery Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, for Printing, lie. for the said House -

Sir Jeffery Elwes, Knight, Treasurer to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne,

for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of poor Clergy -John Earl of Ashburtiham; Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring in the said Park ——

Joseph Richardson, Gentleman, to reimburse Expences and pay Bills of Exchange Vol. 32.

D*

D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® , - -

D® -D® -of London and D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -

1,123

1,059

s.

9

di

6

6

1,003 — -

tI5,000 -

200 -

500-----

14,578 6 6

322 ' 8 —

600 — —

1,526 16 — 1

2,500 — —

S67 S ~

5° — —

80 — —

£16 — — *

40-----

40-----

40-----

220 -

40-----

40-----

110-----

80 — —

10-----

80 — —

50-----

80----

80----

15°-----

120 — — 40----

250----

60 — — *

50-----

90----

60-----

40-----

40-----

80-----

50-----

120 — —

10-----

250----

20 — — 80-----

5°-----

120 — — »

40-----

40-----

I70 — —

80-----

130 —: — r* 6,050 — — 2,200 — —

180 17 6

I3»3°° — —

335 -

1,649 8 —

To

494

12° Januarii.

To William Davis, Gentleman, to pay the Innholders, in Consideration of the Expence they have been at by the Number of Officers, (Acquartered upon them -Moseley Bennett, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road William Earl of Strafford, Farmer of the Poll Fines -

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries -

Thomas Bajhett, for Printing Acts of Parliament, -

Philip Sharpe, for the Under Clerks of the Privy Council Samuel Smith and John Ellijon, Deputy Chamberlains of the Court of Exchequer, for joining Tallies -

James Tierney, Merchant, to be paid over to Don Libino Bernardo Vanderbruck, and others, for their LolTes sustained by the taking of the Anna Maria St. Felix -Hyde Parker, for treating of an Accommodation with the Prince of Morocco, (Ac.

John Thornton, Esquire, to reimburse Expences - -

Charles Pinfold, Esquire, for Services performed to his Majesty, as Governor of

does ——

Thomas Mainwaring, Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes for (Ac.

John Larpent, Esquire, to reimburse Expences and pay Bills of Exchange Harman Varelfl, for a Georgia Bill -

James Reynolds, Gentleman, for Business performed in several Lotteries -

Augufius Schutz, Esquire, to pay Salaries and Bills at Richmond Lodge -

Richard Chejlyn, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Imports

Andrew Reid, Gentleman, for Transportation of Felons -

Samuel Waldo, Esquire, for Services by him performed in the Expedition to Cape Breton

John Roberts, Esquire, late Governor of Cape Coafi Castle in Africa -

Meffr* Adams and Hofer, to reimburse Expences -

Robert Taylor, Statuary, to erecting a Monument to the Memory of Captain Cornwall Robert Nunn, for catching and carting Deer at Windsor Great Park -The Governors of the Foundling Hospital ——

Ralph Jennifon, Esquire, to defray his Expences as Master of the Buck Hounds Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, et al. Clerks of the House of Commons -Joseph White, Esquire, et al. Clerks of the House of Peers - -

Wentworth Odiarne, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for Disbursements -

Richard Jephfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer -John Walker, Esquire, Ulher of the Court of Exchequer -

Annuities, Allowances, (Ac.

To James Creffett, Esquire, Treasurer to his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales

Her Royal High nels the Princess Dowager of Wales -

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland -

Nicholas Herbert, Esquire, Treasurer to their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Amelia and Caroline ——

The Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer -Henry Bilson Legge, Esquire, late Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer -Sir George Lyttelton, Baronet, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of D*

Henry Fane, Esquire, and others. Clerks of his Majesty’s Treasury -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary - -

Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of his Majesty’s Treasury Charles Palmer, and others, for Services performed in the Treasury -Robert Pigot, Esquire, his Majesty’s Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records relating to the forfeited Estates in England -

Dr. Robert Smith, Master of Mechanics to his Majesty -

John Dawson, Esquire, for Services performed in the Office of Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer ——

Robert Jennings, Esquire, the like ——

Edward Wilford, Gentleman, for keeping Registers of public Loans in the said Office -Bartholomew Lucas, Gentleman, the like -

John Jackson, Porter, attending the Exchequer Gate -

Abraham Farley, Esquire, Senior, Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer Abraham Farley and John Bdrlace, Esquires, Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer ——

The Executors of William Hay, Esquire, late Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London ——

John Shelley, Esquire, present Keeper of D° - -

More to him for Three Clerks -

William Hocker, Gentleman, Chief Clerk in the said Office -Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer More, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster -Richard Lord Edgecnmbe, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster -Thomas Duke of Leeds, late Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent Samuel Lord Sandys, present Chief Justice of D" -

Charles Duke of Grafton, on £. 3,000 a Year -

Robert Earl of Hoidernesse, One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State

A.

1770.

J.

d.

10,000 — ___

65----

93* 10 ni

tco-----

4*354 4 11 $ 300 — . _____

37 4 6

3170-----

300-----

*6,933 6 6

1,500----

242 4

910 15 6

21 10 11

100 — _____

3*084 3 3

9S 14 —

1,645----

1,340----

4.03* 7 1 366 6 6 3,000 -

77 *0 10

10,000 — ____

700-----

870 - — .__

400----

439 7 6

125 10 —

4*992 *7 7 I>°39 *2 6

22.000 — ___.

7,000----

15.000 -

*5*867 7 1

7*954 — 4* 597 *4 ~4-,002 5 11«

1*659----

200 — — 200 — — 660 — — 150-----

200-----

150-----

25-----

75-----

12 10 —

37 10 —

to — —

40-----

80-----

16

1

10

n|

4*

106 490 187 100 420 480 1,200 782 670

3,000-----

1,850 -

To

1

H

7i

io Geo. Ill

12° Januarii.

To Henry Fox, Esquire, another -

Sir 'Thomas Robinson, Knight of the Bath, late another -

Arthur Onslow, Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons -

The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom - - ’ -

Thomas Hill, Esquire, Secretary to the above Commissioners, for Salaries and Incidents

Sir Mathetv Lamb, Baronet, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law -

Edward Barker, Esquire, late Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer -

John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, (Ac.

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D® - -

Jolui Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, (Ac. - -

John Harvey, Esquire, Second Justice of D° ... - -

Rogers Holland, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, (Ac.

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D® -

John Tracy Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer - -

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, Ranger of Forest

More, for holding Swar.imote Courts ——

George Duke of St. Alban s,on £. 1,000 a Year -

John Duke of Rutland, on £. 1,155 a Year -

Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty -William Chetwynd , Esquire, Examiner of all Plays, Interludes, (Ac. - -

Edward Capeil, Esquire, Deputy Examiner of D° -

Sir Henry Bellenden, Knight, Gentleman Usher Black Rod -

William Henry Earl of Rochford, Groom of the Stole to his Majesty *

Thomas Lord Viscount Fauconbetg, One of the Gentlemen of his Majesty’s Bedchamber Robert Duke of Manchester - another -

Henry Earl of Lhicoln v another -

John Earl of Afliburnham - - - another -

Francis Earl of Hertford - - - another -

William Earl Fit ^williams - another -

Charles Marquis of Rockingham - - another - -

George William Earl of Coventry - - another -

John Earl of Hyndford - another -

Hugh Earl of Northumberland - - another -

Peregrine Duke of Ancafler - another - - - - .

William Ann Holies Earl of Essex - > another

George Earl of Oxford - another - -

William Finch, Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houshold - -

Sir Robert Rich, Baronet, One of the Grooms of his Majesty’s Bedchamber John Clavering, Esquire - - another - - —

- John Campbell, Esquire - - another - -

- WxHiam Herbert, Esquire - - another - -

Edward Finch, Esquire - - another - -

John Moflyn, Esquire - another - -

- Edward Cornwallis, Esquire - - another ' -

John Waldegrave, Esquire - - another - -. ' - -

Hugh Earl of Marchmont, on £. 1,500 a Year -

James Lord Somerville, on £. 800 a Year - - - - »

John Earl of Hopetoun - - D® - - - - -

John Earl of Hyndford - D° -

John Earl of Finfater- - D°

Alexander Earl of Galloway D° -

Sc hoi to Lord Aberdour - - D° -

William Earl of Sutherland, on £_. 500 a Year _----

George Campbell, Goldfrnith, to be disposed of for his Majesty’s Service -Thomas Grant, Esquire, on £.400 a Year - -

Norman Macleod - - - D° -

George Earl of Crawford, D® 350 a Year - - - - >

Donald Lord Raey - - D° - - - .- -

Lord George Hay, on 400 a Year - -

William Earl of Home, on 200 a Year

D"

D°

D°

D°

D°

D®

John Earl of Kintore James Lord Forbes

John Lord Gray

Robert Lord Rollo Alexander Lord Banff Dr. Andrew St. Clair Didy Catharine Wemys, on 100 a Year -

Martha Johnson, on 50 a Year ....

Lady Mary Campbell - D® - -

John Scott and Thomas Dring, Keepers of the Council Chamber -

John Earl of Tilney, Warden of Waltham Forest -

Her Royal Highness the Princes Amelia, Ranger and Keeper of Richmond Park -Richard Hammond, Esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer -William Murray, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General -Sir Rickard Lloyd, Knight, his Majesty’s Solicitor General -

Vol. 32. 6 L

495

s. d.

LI93 12 7.

634 16

2,000 — —

7*963 10i

2,829 *4 6

40 — —

18 1 7*

400 — —

500 — —

5io l9 2

400 — —

400 — —

500 — - —

105 lS -1

537 9

40 — —

1,000 - — —

1,540 — —

100 — "

400 — —

20b — —

200 — —

2,000 —

1,060 — — i

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

i*o°o — —

1,000 — - —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

600 — —

500 — —

500 — r —

500 — —

500 — —

500 —

500 — - —

500 — — *

500 — —

i»5°° —

600 —

800 — - —

800 — —

800 — —

800 — —

800 — —

500 — —

600 — —

400 — —

4<?o — —

35° — —

300 — —

4 *5 6 10

200 — -

200 — — -

200 — —

200 — —

200 — —

200 —

200 — —

100 — — *

37 10 —

5° — —

73 — —

270 — —

178 16 —

40 — —

io —

*5 io To

496

12° Januarii.

A. 1770;

To Mary Magdalen Taylor, Keeper of his Majesty’s Wardrobe at Hampton Court

John Ibbutt, Messenger attending the Printing Prels -

The Under Keepers of Cranburn Chace -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis ....

The Clerks and Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer -

John Earl of Ashburnham, Ranger and Keeper of Hyde Park -

More, for Two additional Keepers -....

John Sharpe, Esquire, Solicitor of his Majesty’s Treasury -

Edward Earl of Warwick and Holland, on 800 a Year -

The Clerks of his Majesty’s Privy Council -

Edward Duke of Somerset ....

John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter - -

The Executors of Mungo Haldane, on 400 a Year -

Henry Folkes, Esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath -

Dr. James Bradley, on 250 a Year ——

Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Thomas Ripley, Esquire, late Keeper of his Majesty’s Private Roads -

John Offley, Eqfuire, present Keeper of D° -

The Mayor of Macclesfield ....

Richard Arundell.', Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

Henry Mafierman, Esquire, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -

The Officers and Clerks of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -William Kemp, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General at New York - 'Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer ---.--

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General -Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath^ Clerk of the Pells -

Mathew Lord Ducie, Constable of the Forest of Dean - -

William Popple, Esquire, Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Bermuda Islands -Corbyn Morris, Esquire, Agent for the Islands of Newfoundland - -

Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, late Governor of.

Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Antigua . -

Benjamin Carpenter, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Montserrat -George Thomas, Esquire, Captain General and Commander in Chief of the Leeward Charibbee Islands ——

John Tinker, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Bahama Islands -James Glen, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of South Carolina Arthur Dobbs, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of North Carolina William Henry Lyttelton, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of South Carolina ....

Lancelot Story, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nevis ....

Henry Grenville, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of Barbadoes -Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Surveyor and Auditor General of all his Majesty’s Revenues arising in America ....

Gilbert Fleming, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St. Christopher -

Messengers.

To Edward Bryant, Messenger of his Majesty’s Chamber - - - - *

John Jones, John Oldnall, Peter Dubourg, and John Walker, the Four Messengers of the Receipt of Exchequer - . - -

John Jones, One of the above Messengers, for travelling Charges -John Oldnall - another -

Peter Dubourg - - - another -

John Walker - - - another ' - -

John Bright, One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, for travelling Charges

Devereux Davis - - another -.....-

Thomas Potter - - another ——

William Colebrook - - another - -

Henry Ballowe - - another - -

Edward Stanley, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on his Allowance, and for travelling Charges -

John Heath - another - .

John Hall - another -

Peter Farley - - - another ——

Fees, Perpetuities, Idc.

To the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bills

More, on their Fees -

George Earl of Kinnoul -

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland ....

Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, and William Earl of during the Life

of the Princess Royal ——

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on this Side of Trent - -

Francis Fane, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law - - - *

George Duke of St. Alban’s, Master of his Majesty’s Hawks -

£ s. d.

18 6 —

60 — —

20 — —

100 — —

35 — —

400 — —

90 — —

,000 — —

800 — —

399 14 6

,200 — w- —

57° 5 . —

62 9 3l

428 *5 5

250 — —

20 — — >

53 6 8

47 3 . 4

*3 f3 4

5° — —

60 — —

50 — —

293 4

225 — - —

200 — —

200 — —

l9S 8 4

262 10 —

340 — —

300 — —

575 — —

200 — —

200 — —

,200 — _

200 — —

5‘8 7

,000 —

,oooo — —

300 — —

>79* 6 m

500 — —

100 mmmm

61 — —

39* —

247 —

316 5 —

328 5 —

306 — —

44 —

128 — —

128 — —

*47 13 4

*33 6 8

*39 3 —

139 3 —

123 4 —

123 4 —

5,900-----

781 3 8

1.000 — — 25,000 — —

5.000 — — 86 19 6 40 — . —

1,372 10 — To

10 Geo. Ill* 12° Januarii.

To Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies to his Majesty-Charles Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant Matter of the Ceremonies -

The Judges of England ——

William Noel, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chest-John Talbot, Esquire, Second Justice of Chester -

The Matters in Chancery -

The King’s Serjeants at Arms - -

Jane Kien, his Majesty’s Housekeeper at Kensington -

Samuel Long, Esquire, Housekeeper at Newmarket -

William Cowper, Knight Harbinger to his Majesty -

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Library Thomas Graham, Gentleman, Apothecary in Ordinary to his Majesty Heirs of Colonel Fairfax ——

Charles Filzroy Scudamore, Esquire, Matter of his Majesty’s Tennis Courts George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of fVindfor Cattle - -

William Woodford, M.D. Reader of Physic in the University of Oxford William Earl of Derby, and others, for the poor Ministers of the Isle of Man The Fellows of Eton College - - - - ‘

John Earl of Afaburnham , Ranger of St. James's Park -

John Ellis, Esquire, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London -

John Finch, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

The Dean and Chapter of Litchfield ——

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire,- his Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

The Clerks of his Majesty’s Privy Council - - - - ’

John Tracey Atkins, Esquire, Fifth Baron in the Court of Exchequer

Thomas Sewell, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law - - - '

John Pine, Gentleman, Engraver of Seals to his Majesty - -

The Executors of D° -

Shal/et Turner, ProtelTor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge Sir Martin Wright, Knight, on 1,000 a Year - -

Fabert Jenner, LL.D Professor of Law in the University of Oxford - -

George Onslow, Esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

John Scott, et al. Keepers of the Council Chamber -

Lewis Watson, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -

The Matter of Southwell Grammar School -

Charles Duke of Marlborough', Keeper of the Privy Seal -Henry Bilson Legge, Esquire, Chancellor of the Exchequer -Henry Gould, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

The King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms -

Edward Duke of Somerset, Chief Justice in Eyre, on the North Side of Trent -Fletcher Norton, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law

John Philipfon, Esquire, Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Woods -Thomas Farrington, Esquire, One of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer Hettry Shelley and Michael Warden, Esquires, 'Orie'of the Auditors in the-Court of Exchequer -

The Mayor and Corporation of the Town of Berwick

Harry Burrard, Esquire, Ranger of New Fqrefi - . - - - - '- -i

Charles Torke, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

The Clerks in the Treasurers Remembrancer’s Office . - . - — -

Henry Bromfield, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the said Office -Robert Barbor, Esquire, another - -; <

The Heirs of Nicholas Teates - - - .- -

The Vicars of Litchfield - - - - ' ' - -

Charles Pratt, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at LaW.

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons -

Andrezv Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in Whitehall. - -

William Aifiabie, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest

The University of Oxford ——

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Ulher of the Exchequer, for the Watchmen of the Exchequer William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenues - - .

Sir Thomas liobinfon, Knight of the Bath, late One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State - - '

S\f Thomas Alim, Baronet, et al. Serjeants at Arms to his Majesty - -

Francis Dicken, LL.D/ Reader of Laws in the University of Cambridge -

Henry Banks, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law

Henry Darby Gardiner, Gentleman, Clerk of the Nitchellsin the Court of Exchequer Robert Earl of Holdernesse, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State - -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General -

The Officers of his Majesty’s Works - - - - *'

The Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance - - . _ -

Samuel Lord Masham, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer Richard Arundell, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe ~ -

GkrijTs Hospital ——

John Allin et Benjamin Charlewood, Apothecaries to his Majesty Henry Fox, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of St ate VOL. 32.

497

200 -

222----

24,875----

912 10 —

625-----

L375 -

983 19 —

300 — —

ioO — —

147 10 —

200 — —

86 5 —

100 — —

132 4 —

183----

4°-----

100 — —

42-----

892 17 6

1375 —

40 -

20 — —

80 — —

999 6 3f

15I *3. 3t 40-----

2 5-----

16 11 nf

400 ---- r-

WO — —

40-----

600 -- —

91 IO —

6€ 13 4

10 — —

168----

122 9 3$

40 =----

420 — —

100 — -40-----

IOO -

300 — —

- %

300-----,

IOO — —

IOO - —

40-----

22 .10 — ,

4 - —

IOO — —

15----

40-----

10----

160 — — f

IOO — —

23 6 8

366-----

100 — —

‘ 85 9 ' 7

147 19 ~

*6 9 3$

40 —

20 — — L ' 100 — —

800 — — 267 12 4 341 — 6

55 17 4 47 4 a 370 10 —

53 6 8

14 ip 4f

498

12° Janu

To William Noel, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law r

The Dean and Chapter of Westminster -

The University of Cambridge - - - - .

Granville LevefonEarl Gower, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

Joseph Spence, A.M. ProfclTbr of Modern History in the University of Oxford -. George Dunk Earl of Halifax \Ranger of Forest - -

Robert Henley, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council at Law -

Samuel Lord Sandys, Chief Justice in Eyre, on the South Side of Trent _ Charles Frewen, Esquire, Brmswick Herald at Arms - -

William Murray, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General -. Sir Richard Lloyd, Knight, his Majesty’s Solicitor General -. The Corporation of Dartmouth Hardness -

Sir George Lyttelton, Baronet, Chancellor of the Exchequer -Russell Plumptree, M.D. Reader of Physic in the University of Cambridge Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Comptroller of the Pipe -William Wrightson, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Pipe Office . Robert Cranmer, Esquire - - - - another - -

Dr. Samuel Nicholls, Master of the Temple - .- -

The Master and Fellows of Emanuel College -

Thomas Wynne, Esquire, One of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer . Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer

- Churfchwardens of Botolph, Aldersgate -

Ann Blackerby, Housekeeper to the House of Peers -

Henry Monson, Reader of Civil Law in the University of Cambridge Sir Dudley Ryder, Knight, late Chief Justice in the King’s Bench

- The Churchwardens of St, Michael, Cornkill ....

William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Privy Council Records -

Richard Heron, Esquire, Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer The Churchwardens of St. John Baptist - - -. Charles Earl of Arran, Keeper of Bagshot Park -

- The Churchwardens of St. Magnus ——

Thomas Ripley, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Private Roads -

John Qffley, Esquire - - D"

Thomas Major, Gentleman, Chief Engraver of Seals to his Majesty

A: 1770.

£ ! J-

- 40

60 — —

20 — —

- I98

- 400

- 40

- 40

- 74 9 "I

- 26 13 4

- 81 6 8

- 70

So

- 79 7

M 40

- 40

10 — —

m- to

37 8

*6 13 4

" loo

- 43 6 1

- 7 ‘ "* 9 5 —

42 6 — 4

944 19 "i

12 4 —

125

- 64 2 t

7 *3 4

568

21 4 8

- 28 6 —

8 4 —

5 6 6*

712,583 9 10

Exchequer, the-i ath Day of January 1770.

E. WUfo

... . .; To the Honourable the Knights,. Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCO UNT of all "Monies which have been issued and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Petitions, Bounties, Con-"flngehces, or any Sum or Sums "of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the aoth Day of October 1752 to the ioth.Day of October 1760; distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the joth Day of 0 Bober 1756 to the 10th Day of 0 Bober 1757.

Privy Purse. To Augustus Schulz, Esquire -

Edward Finch, Esquire - - *

£. s. d.

21.000 — — r

15.000 -

Secret and Special Service.

To Henry Fox, Esquire - 1,778 13 9

Robert Earl of Heldernesse - - - - , - - - 3,750 — —

Nicholas Hardinge, Esquire - - - i 50,000 — —

John Larpent, Esquire, ----- 1,909 1 —

' William ritt, Esquire - 1,754 x £

James Weji, Esquire ---- 1 o,oqo — —

John Thornton, Esquire - - - - 10,520 11 6

Henry Fane, Esquire - - - - 1,400 * — —

John Nichol^ Esquire . - - - - 17,887 13 —

v

£ s* / 36,000 — —

99,000 — . 3!

Band

io Geo. III. 12* Janudrii.

499

feahd of Pcnfibners.

To Salufbury Cade, Esquire

President of the Council.

To John Earl Granville - -

Keeper of the Privy Seal*

To Granville LevefenEarl Gower - -

Matter of the Jewel Office; £. s. d.

To John Earl of Breadalbani ----- 301 4 7

Sir Richard Lyttelton, Khight of the Bath * 390 3 9$

King's Goldsmith. To Thomas Minors -

Pensions, Bounties, Contirigencfc, abd all other Sutn or Stinls of Money whatso-

ever; viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys, idc.

To Sir Benjamin Keene, Knight of the Bath, Ambassador to the Catholic King - -

Charles Townshend, Esquire, Secretary to the above EmbafTy - -

Joseph Torke, Esquire, Envoy to the States General -

Sir Charles Hanbury Williams, Knight of the , Ambassador to the Empress of

Raffia ,-- ——

Sir James Gray, Baronet, Envoy to the King of the Two Sicilies - -

Abraham Cafires Esquire, Envoy to the King of Portugal -

Walter Tit ley, Esquire, Envoy to the King of Denmark -

David Lord Viscount Stormont, Envoy to the King of Poland - - *

Robert Keith, Esquire, Minister and Plenipotentiary to the Emperor of Germany -George William Earl of Bristol, Envoy to the King of Sardinia,

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Minister at the Court of Brussels Sir Horace Monk, Baronet, Resident with the Great Duke of

The Executors of James Cope, Esquire, late Resident with the Hans Towns in Germany - »

John Murray Esquire, Resident to the Republic of Venice *

Onslow Burrish, Esquire, Resident with the Austrian Low Countries, Isle.

Arthur Villettes, Esquire, Minister to the Swiss Cantons -James Porter, Esquire, Commissary to the Emperor of Germany Michael Hatton, Esquire, Secretary t<3 his Majesty’s Commissaries in Flanders More, as Consul at the Port of Ostend, tdc.- - *

Burrington Goldfworthy, Esquire, Consul at Port' St. Mary and Cadiz *

Charles Gordon, Esquire, Consul at Tunis -

John Burnaby Parker, Esquire, Chnful at Madrid -

Robert White, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli - -

Isaac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul General, at Naples -

Richard Whatley, Esquire, Consul General at Tetuan *- - - *.

Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Algiers - -

John Burnaby, Esquire, on 30J. a Day - -

Charles Holzendorff, Esquire, for Services performed to his Majesty iii foreign Parts Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, during such Time as he shall be employed in his Majesi.y’s Service

Andrew Mitchell, Esquire, Minister at the Court of Prussia - - - i

Brinley Skinner, Esquire, on 30J. a Day - * - -

Philip Stanhope, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns -

Edward Hay, Esquire, Envoy to the Moll Faithful King - *

Captain Hyde Parker, employed in his Majesty’s Service on a Commission to the Emperor of Morocco - *

Robert Campbell, Esquire, Resident at the Court of Sweden - - - *

Ruvigny de Coflte, Secretary to the Extraordinary EmbafTy to the Catholic King »

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

To Sir Samuel Fludyer and Sir John Toriano, Knights, Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, for an Over Payment

Francis Beauchampt, Esquire, Sheriff of Cornwall Thomas Penoyre, Esquire, Sheriff of Hettford * Henry Uthwaite, Esquire, Sheriff of Bucks Richard Chiswell, Esquire, Sheriff of Effien Sir John Rogers, Baronet, Sheriff of Devon Francis Turner Blythe, Esquire, Sheriff of Salop -Thomas Neale, Esquire, Sheriff of Warwick Philip Gell, Esquire, Sheriff of Derby John Mackrill, Esquire, Sheriff of Surrey - -

Vol. 32.

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D°

6 M

£. s. d.

6,000 -

4,boo — —

a,590 17 7

691 8 4$ 3*854 4

6,800 — —

75* — ' 3,670-----

4 — —

2.225 ~ —

*>595 -

*>494 — i 1

2,771----

3*55 — —

2.225 -

2,131 10 — *>775 -

ioi 17 6

*>495 ~ —

*>437 9 — 1 1,813 *8 6

1*095----

730 — — 200 — — 200 — — 500 — — 1,125 ~ —

630----

200 — — 650 — — 1,382 11 6

547 *0 —

4O0 — —;

300 — —

*»*5----

547 *0 — *>344 — 4

960 — - —

552 13 — <

476 —

4*4 —

605 io 6 102 4 J 57 8 4

33 9 *3 10 112 5 xo

t 3 7lf 27 — 10

S° 4 *

83 *|

ft

m.

A:, irjfjo.

To

*Thomas Johnson,\ Esquire. Sheriff of Lancofier, for an Over Payment -

Saekville'Enri of Thanet, Sheriff of Westmoriand -- D* - - - \ ->

Isaac Houghton and John Simpson, Esquires, Sheriffs of the City t>f , D®

Anthony Kinnerfiey, Esquire, Sheriff of Salop - - D® - -1

Sir fyltttthew Whitt, Baronet, Sheriff-of Northumberland - - D® -

Joseph Biddle, Esquire, Sheriff of Worcester - - D® - _ -

John Turvin, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertford - - D® . ' -

Robert Sutton, Esquire, Sheriff-of Nottingham - - - -D° ——

James Smith, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford - - D® - -

Robert Tomblin, Esqitire, Sheriff of Rutland - D® -

Thomas Worcejldp, Esquire, Sheriff of ifaoh - D® «

William Bedford and jve~ Whitbread, - Esquires, Sheriffs of ‘ and -

jfc#» - { — -» - -, - - - D* -

William Harrifoif, towards the Charge of his Passage to North Carolina -Robert Boucher - - - D" to Barbadoes -' -T " -

D* to -Sou- - - - - - -to Barbadoes -

to D° - -

to Jamaica - -

to Nezv Jersey

Wentworth Sarjeant Thomas Harris: -

D®

Rickard Saer - D®

Anthony Davis - ’ - D®

Robert M(Kean D®

William Ellis, Gentleman, as his Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty Edward Jones, Gentleman * - - D® -

Charles Maddoch ----- - - D® -

Aethur Collins, Gentleman - - - D®

Mary and Ann Smallridge - ' .- -. D® - - - *

Benjamin Avery -- - - - D® - , -

The-.Corporation of Lyme Regis - - D" -

Francis Lord Hawley - - - - P® - -

Sir Thomas Harnfon, Knight, -Chamberlain of the City of London, for the Poor of the said City ---- - - - O® -

John Thornton, Esquire, Treasureriothe Marine Society -

Sir Robert Henley, Knight, Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain James Reynolds, for-his Service in several Lotteries - .

The Officers and Clerks in the Tally Court, for levying'Tallies - -

William Williams, Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes for the County of Cardi-- gm&e. - ....

Charles Palmer, Gentlemen, Chamber Keeper of the Treasury, for his Expences for

<. Coals* &c. - -- -. -* -

William Mills, Esquire, Sheriffof the County of-Gloucester, for Conviction of Felons -

c.

Richard.Lane, Esquire, Sheriff of Bucks Edward ,'. Esquire, Sheriff of Warwick - -

Johik^fkley, Esquire, Sheriff of Northampton -

TJwntasLeeke, Gfenrieman, Under Sheriff of Salop.

John Gketwode, Esquire, Sheriff of Stafford James Parke, Gentleman,-Under Sheriff of Sufex - — -

Owen Wynne, Esquire, Sheriff of Carnarvon James Bayly, Esquire, Sheriff of Lancaster -

John, Lewis, EsqiuiFe, Sheriff o{-Radnor -- — -

John: Collets, Esquire, Sheriff of -Somerset- -

Timothy Waldo, Esquire, Under Sheriff of London and Middlesex Williatn Peytkerek, Esquire, Sheriff of Brecon -

Sir Francis Knollys, Baronet, Sheriff oh Oxford - - v

William Bruce, Esquire, Sheriff-of Glamorgan - - —

Philip Bedinfield, Esquire*- Sheriff of Norfolk - *"

James Barton, Esquire, Sheriff of Lancaster -John. Twin, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertford - -

John Mqrnardiston, Esquire, Sheriff of London and Middlesex Joseph Biddle, Esquirie, Sheriffof Worcester - 1 - - .

Jamof'Perry, Esquire, Sheriff of Somerset - -Thomas Prescott, Esquire, Sheriff of Chefer --John.Qliver Williams, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of George Lloyd Shears, Esquire, Sheriff of Pembroke William Rucke, Esquire, Sheriff of the City oiCanterbury'

John Taylor, Esquiar Sheriff of Warwick -

Thonfas^Reeve, Esquire, Sheriff-of Warwick Jpfcpb. Wright, Esquire, Sheriff-of Flint

J&hn-GJiatfield, Esquire, Under Sheriff of Surr

Jjdm-Lucas and Edward Ribbins, Esquires, Sheriffs of Coventry A>‘t /myKinnerfiey Esquire, Sheriff of Salop -

Barnard Brocas, Esquire,- Sheriff of Southampton, for an Over Payment -Daniel Treagrofe, Esquire,- Sheriff of Monmouth- - - - w D®

Harry Meggs, Esquire, Sheriff of Dorset: - - - - D®

GJiarles Pepys, Esquire, Sheriff of Cambridge and Huntingdon - - B®

%/mourner, Esquire, Receiver Generatof the-Taxes for the County of P®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D®

D"

D®

D®

D®

D"

D?T

D®

D®

iy

D®

D®

D®

D?

D®

I- s. d.

61 7 —

59 5 :s

94 z6 —

*54 5 7 i

44 >4 4

*4 4 6

8i 18 ioi

68 1*8 .6

16 18 5

n *3 1

n S 9

623 8 —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — — r

20 — —

20 — —

1,70° — —

200 — — p

700 — —

300 — —

200 — — -

800 — —

100 — —

100 ~ y ‘

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

2,000 — —

zoo — p —

299 8 —

3°4 *5 —

200 — —

130 — —

80 — —

90 — —

80 — —

160 — —

70 — —

40 — —

10 — —

20 — —

10 — —

zoo — —

400 - —: —

10 — —

40 — —

20 — —

80 — —

220 — —

l6o — —

*5° — — 1-

40 — —

40 — —

10 — —

4° — —

10 —

z 20 — —

90 —

40 — -

Z 20 — —

200 — —

80 — —

aio — —

8 i6 II

29 4 3

67 3*

26 — 10

649 3. 11

To

XP Geo*.HI*

SOi

To Sir John Willes, Knight, Sir $idney_ Stafford Knight, and Sir John Ear My.

.....Wilpiot, Knight, Conimilfioners for the Custodvof the Great Seal of Britain -

Richard Jephfon, Esquire, Serjeants at Arms attending the House of Peers _ Ralph Jenijon, Esquire, Mailer, of th_c Buck Hounds

_ . Iffilliam Davis, Gentleman, tq reimburse Expences, and pay BUls of Exchange

John Larpent, Esquire, to b|e disposed of by him as his Majesty’s Charity to foreign

Protestants . -

Peter Meyer to pay Bills of Exchange -

Arthur Vanjittart, Esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park -

John Roberts, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Park at Greenwich -

Richard Wellington, Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes for the County of Brecon r Qijlinghim Cooper, Goldfinith, towards repairing the Roads in the County of Northumberland ——

More, for repairing Roads in the County of Cumberland - - - - .

Jofeplt White, and Others, Clerks of the House of Peers - - . -

Jsremuph Dyfoti, Esquire, and other Clerks of the House of Commons -Wentworth Odiarne, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons Newdigate Poyntz, Esquire, in Reward for his Service and Attendance during the Time the Militia Bill was depending in the House of Commons -Robert Jennings, Esquire, and others, being the Amount of the Tickets of the Lottery 1757 undisposed of, and remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer Monsieur Just Henry Alt, for the Use of the Landgrave of HeJffe Cajffel -

Robert Nunn, for catching and carting Deer in Windsor Forest - -

The Commissioners for building a Bridge over the River Thames Charles Hatton, Esquire, a Bounty - -

William Fortune, Esquire, Receiver QeneraJ of the Taxes for the County of Monmouth Andrew Reid, for Transportat ion of Felons - . - 7

John Stewart, Esquire, for D# ——

John Earl of Ashburnham, Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring -

MojleyBennett, Keeper of the West: Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road -. . Six, Jeffery Elwes, Knight, Treasurer to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy -... Thomas Fenn, Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes for Part of the County of Suffolk . Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, for Printing and other Works for the Service of the House of Commons - - .

.. The several Sheriffs of England and Wales, to bear the Expences of passing their Patents r - - - - r -

Si l William Johnffon, as a Reward for Services - - - . r

... Joseph Richardson, Esquire, to reimburse Expences - - -- . - - -'

___More to him for purchasing a Erefent to be lent to the Emperor of Morocco

_ . More, for purchasing Nayal Stores to be sent to the Emperor of Morocco . Thomas Bffket, for Printing Acts of Parliament r - . - -

Edward Willes, Esquire, Serjeant at Law, for going the Western Circuit as Associate .....Judge - . - -

___Shx jo/liua Fan Neck, Baronet, to reimburse Expences -

___James Eari Walcfegrave, to purchase a Coach and Horses for his Royal Highness Prince

.__ ___Edward - - . - . - . - . ——

...The (Comfniffiotjers of the Lottery , -

.Sgmuel Wilson, Geatleman, to defray the incident Charges of the Lotteries 1756 and

*--.17S7,-. ——

— BdchqydClieftyn, Esquire,- Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Imports

_______Upon Wines -

_Lord George Bequclerk, Ranger, of Bo«shotR.2j\s in Windsor Forest -- Philip Aftolph Bpon de Munchaufen, for maintaining an Army of Observation to pre-

____ lerye his Majesty’s Electoral Dominion? -

__^^/^y. Earl of ptrafford^.Farmer of the Poll Fines -

— John Skflrpe, Gentleman, for the Under Clerks of the Privy Council -

The -Governors and Guardians of the Foundling Hospital - - - -.

Horatio JValpole, Esquire,. Ulher of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, for Necef-. . ffcrfes - - - - -‘ - -

- John Walker, Esquire, Ulher of the Court of Exchequer, for D* -

— Augnftus Schulz, Esquire, to pay Bills at Richmond Lodge

— George Schulz, Esquire, for D°. - -

_ ... . - Annuities, Allowances, Idc.

To, James Cgeffett, Esquire, Treasurer to his Royal Highness the Prince of Walts -

... Hex Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales - .

__His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland - - - .

__Nicholas Herbert, Esquire, Treasurer to their Royal Highnesses the Priftceffes Amelia

— and Caroline‘ -

__The £ommissioners-for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer -

... SinGwrfe Lyttelton,. Baronet, late Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer

__Hairy Bilson Legge, . Esquire, present Chancellor of the Exchequer ,-»:-

_ Henry Rilfon Legge, E£<\u\tt, and Willipm Lord Chancellors of -the Exchequer

Henry Fpne, Esqjj ire, and others, Cferk.s&f Jtfls Maje^’fJP/eaJury*

, . Vol. 3a. ( ‘

jC* d.

2,500 — . — 109 r — _ — 700 - — — -17,190 17 7

too -

567 5 —

322 S ~~ 77 11 6 170 6, —

2,500 — — 500 — — 400 _ —

97° — ‘ — 479 *4 *

35° — —

666,316 7 — -

20, Ooo — —

62 3. 6

12,500 — —

400-----

137 6 9

570 — —

495 — —

335-----

6 5 — —

14,300----

607 6 2

661 5 6

4.000 —

5.000 — —

584 6 —

533 *4 —

L585-----

5»346 3 6

200 — — 367 19 6

1,084 1 5

6,250----

3,262 14 10

98 14 — 70-----

193,680----

572 12 6

3°°-----

24.000 — —

6,612 1 9

1,009 — - 4

1,835 *7 1,023 16 8

5.5oo-----

7,000 — — 15,000----

15,867 7 1

7,670 10

565 10 4

634 9 8

400 — ’ —

1,709 — —

To

502 12® Januafii. A. 1770.

To Thomas Ramfdctt, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of the Treasury -

Allen Lord BathurJI, Treasurer to his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales

Charles Palma and others, for their Attendance in the Treasury -

Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records relating to the forfeited Estates in England ——

Doctor Rabat Smith, Matter of Mechanics to his Majesty -

John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent

William Pitt, Esquire, One of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State Robat Jennings, Esquire, for his extraordinary Services performed in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Bartholomew Lucas, Gentleman, for keeping Registers of the public Loans in the said Office -

John Jackson, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate -

Abraham Farley, Esquire, Senior Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer -John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London -More, for Three Clerks ——

William Hocka, Gentleman, Chief Clerk in the said Office -

Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer

Afore, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster -

Richard Lord Edgcumbe, Chancellor of the Duchy of LancqJla -

Samuel Lord Sandy s, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent -

Robat Earl of Holdanesse, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State -

Henry Fox, Esquire, another -

Arthur Onslow, Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons - -

The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom -

Thomas Hill, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners -

John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen -

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D® -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, &c. - -

John Harvey, Esquire, Second Justice of D® -

Rogas Holland, Esquire, Chief Justice of fsV. - -

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D®....

Daines Barrington, Esquire, Second Justice of D®- -'

John Tracy Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer ... William Henry Earl of Rockford, Groom of the Stole to his Majesty -

Thomas Lord Viscount Fauconbag, One of the Gentleman of his Majesty’s Bedchamber Robat Duke of Manchefta - another

Henry Earl of Lincoln - another

John Earl of Ashbumham - - - another

John Earl of Hertford - - - - another

Charles Marquis of Rockingham - - another

John Earl of Hyndford - - - another

Hugh Earl of Northumberland - - another

George William Earl of Coventry - - another

Paegrine Duke of Ancafla - - - - another

William Anne Holies Earl of Essex - - " another

John Earl of Buckinghamshire - another

George Earl of Orford - - - - another

The Executors of William Earl Fitzwilliams, late another William Finch, Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houshold Charles Duke of Grafton, on £. 3,000 a Year The Executors of D®

Sir Robert Rich, Baronet, One of the Grooms of his Majesty’s Bedchamber John Clavering, Esquire - - - - another

John Campbell, Esquire - - - - another

William Habat, Esquire - another

Edward Finch, Esquire ... another

John Moflyn, Esquire - another

Edward Cornwallis, Esquire - - - another

John Waldegrave, Esquire - another

Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire - another

George Duke of St. Alban's,on £ 1,000 a Year John Duke of Rutland, on £. 1,540 a Year -Edward Earl of Warwick and Holland, on £. 800 a Year Hugh Earl of Marchmont, on £. 1,500 a Year

James Lord Somerville, on 800 a Year John Earl of Hopetoun - D®

John Earl of Finlata - - D®

Alexander Earl of Galloway D®

John Earl of Hyndford - D®

Sc hollo Lord Aba dour - - D® -

William Earl of Suthaland D®

George Campbell, etal, to be disposed of by him for his Majesty’s Service -

£. s. d. 200 — — 200 — —

49,50° — —

660 — — ,5o — —

195 7 t

150-----

790 19 7*

1,081 13 iofc

100 — —

5° 20

40 —

5°o — —

I5° — —

ICO — —

420 — —

480 — —

1,200 — —

69O II

1,850 —

634 7 1*

±,000 — —

7*5^5 11 si

*>74 3 i9 —

500 — —

400 — —

400 — —

500 — —

500 — —

188 3 iof

3" 16 . I i

,25 — — *

2,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — — *

1,000 — > —

1,000 — —

639 6 toh

1,000 — —

98 7 %

600 —

2,450 — —

*54 15 toi

500 — —

500 —

500 — —

375 — —

457 8 4

500 — —

500 — —

500 — —

i*5 — —

1,000 —

f»54° — —

800 — —

i»5°° — —

800 — —

800 — —

800 — —

800 — —

800 — —

800 — —

500 — —

600 To,

ro Geo. III.

t2° Januariu

To Thomas Grant, Esquire, On £. 400 a Year w - -

Norman Maclectt, Esquire D4 ....

Lord George Hay D* *»-- *

George Earl of Crawford, on 350 a Year - «. -

Donald Lord Raey, on £. 300 a Year -

William Earl of Home, on £. 200 aYear - - - *

John Earl of Kintore D°

James Lord Forbes D* ——

John Lord Gray D° - - - - ’ i

Robert Lord Rollo ‘-D0-----

Alexander Lord Banff * - D* - - - *

Dr. Andrew St. Clair *-D° ——

Lady Catherine Wemyfs, on £. 100 a Year -

Lady Mary Campbell, on,£. 50 a Year -

Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies to his Majesty William Chetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Plays and Interludes, - .

Edward Capell, Esquire, Deputy Examiner of D° - -

Sir Henry Bellenden, Knight* Gentleman L) flier Black Rod -The Corporation of Lyme Regis - .

William Kempe, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General at New York

Mathew Lord Ducie, Constable of the Forest of Dean -Nathanael Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of his Majesty’s Treasury Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer John Offley, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s private Roads - -

Sir Robert Henley, Knight, late his Majesty’s Attorney General - -

Samuel Lord Sandys, who acted as Lord Chancellor and Lord Keeper of the Grea Seal of Great Britain in the Upper House of Parliament -William Duke of Cumberland, Warden of fVindfor Forest; - -

More, for holding Swanimote Courts -

The Under Keepers of Cranborn Chafe -

John Scott and Thomas Drhtg, Keepers of the Council Chamber -

John Earl Tilney, Warden of Waltham Forest - -

Her Royal Highness Princess Amelia, Ranger of Richmond Park - -

Richard Hamond, Esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer Mary Magdalen Taylor, Keeper of his Majesty’s Wardrobe at Hampton Court John Ibbutt, Messenger attending the Printing Press

John Earl of Ashburnham, Ranger and Keeper of Hyde Park -

John Sharpe, Esquire, Solicitor for the Affairs of his Majesty’s Treasury - *

The Executors of D" -

The Clerks of the Privy Council -

Edward Duke of Somerset, on £. 1,200 a Year -

John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the most noble Order of the Garter Henry Folkes, Esquire, Mefl'enger of the Order of the Bath - - -.

Dr. James Bradley, on £. 250 a Year -

The Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher -

Richard Arundel/, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

Henry Masterman, Esquire, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General - -

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries -

Abraham Farley, and John Borlace, Esquires, Deputy Chamberlains of his Majesty’s Exchequer -

Mathew Lamb, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

Lyonel Cranfield Duke of Dorset, Constable of Dover Cattle -The Executors of John Talbot, Esquire, late One of the Commissioners for promotin the Trade of this Kingdom -

William Lord Mansfield, late his Majesty’s Attorney General - -

Sir Richard Lloyd, Knight, late his Majesty’s'Solicitor General -

Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of his Majesty’s Exchequer ..

Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pells -

The Clerks and Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer - -

Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of Antigua - -

Benjamin Carpenter, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Montserrat -

Corbyn Morris, Esquire, Agent for Newfoundland -

Gilbert Fleming, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of St. Christopher Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, as late Governor of Barbadoes -Arthur Dobbs, Esquire, Governor o t North Carol -George Thomas, Esquire, Governor of the Leeward Caribbee Islands -

LauncelotStory, Lieutenant Governor of Nevis -

William Popple, Esquire, Commander in Chief of the Bermuda Islands - -;

Charles Pinfold, Esquire, Governor of Barbadoes -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Surveyor and Auditor General of all his Majesty’s Revenue arising in America -

William Henry Lyttelton, Esquire, Governor of South Carolina -

Vol. 32. 6 N

5°S

£ s. A.

400

400 — — *

400 — — 0

35° — —

300 — —

zoo — *

zoo —

zoo — — *

zoo — —

200 — —

200 — —

200 — —

IOO — —

5° — —

IOO — —

400 — —

200 — —

200 — —

IOO — —

15° —

210 —

20 — —

419 7 Il|

53 6 8

60 16 8

76 £ -f

1,000 _ —

537 9

40 mmrng —

20 — —

73 — —

270 — —

178 IO —

40 — —

18 5

60 —

490 — —

500 — —

3* *5 Si

399 18 7*

1,200 — —

570 5 —

500 —

250 — —

5° — —

60 —

5° — —

200 — —

IOO — —

120 — — i

40 — ’ —

*.475 T — M

2I5 16 ni

65 6 Si

65 — > *1

200 —

*95 8 4

35 — —

200 — K —

200 V —

300 —: —

200 T?

800 —

1,000 —

1,200 — —

3OO —

255 rr* —

1,89.5 4 i tk

250 —

506 4-

12° Janu

54

A. 1770.

of the

To Robert Cholnloudeley, Esquire, Surveyor and Auditor General of all his Majesty's Revenues arising in America -

Ralph Weeks, Esquire, who atted as President and Commander in Chief at -

Messengers.

To Edward Bryant, Messenger of his Majesty’s Chamber -

John Jones, John Oldnall, Peter Dubourg, and John Walker, the Four Messengers attending the Receipt of Exchequer ——

John Jones, for travelling Charges ——

John Oldnall D" ——

Peter Dubourg - D° - - - - -

John Walker D*.....- --

John Bright, One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer -D ever tux Davis - another - -

Thomas Potter - - another ——

William Colebrooke - another ——

Henry Ballowe - - another ——

Peter Earley, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer John Hall - - another - -

George Hall - - another ——

George Saunderson - another ——

William RoJs - - another ——

Fees, Perpetuities, £sV.

To the Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bills - -

More, on their Fees -

John Tracy Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Exchequer Sir Thomas Allen, Baronet, et al. Serjeants at Arms John Finch, Equire* One of h« Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -His Royal Highnefe William Duke of Cumberland

Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, and William Earl of Harrington, for the Use Princess Royal -

Samuel Lord Sandy*, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent John Earl of Ashburnham, Ranger of St. James's Park

John Philipfon, Esquire, Surveyor of his Majesty’s Woods Thomas Sewell, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law *- Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary -George Onslow, Esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest Granville Leveson Earl Gower, Keeper of the Privy Seal Marry Burrard, Esquire, Ranger of New Forest -

Andrew Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the- Records at Whitehall

- Joseph Smith, Esquire, et al. Serjeants at Arms -

- Sir Clement CottereU Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies Charles Cotterell, Esquire,-Assistant Master of the-Ceremonies

- William Earl of Derby, et al. fer the poor Ministers of the Isle of Man

- - Charles Fitzroy Scudamore, Esquire, Master of his Majesty’s Tennis Courts -

Jane Kein, Housekeeper at Kensington - - - - >

The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax ——

George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Windsor Castle -John Ellys, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London -

- The Heirs of Nicholas Tates -

- The King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms -

Dr. Shallot Turner, Professor of Modern HHtory in the University of Cambridge Thomas Wynne, Esquire, One of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer -Henry Shelley and Michael Warden, who adfc as the other -

Dr. William Woodford, Professor of Physic in the University of Oxford

Claudius Amyand, Esquire-, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries *- - William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Privy Council Records -- The Clerks of the Privy Council -

- — Samuel Long, Esquire, Housekeeper at Newmarket -

- William Woodley, Esquire, Gloucester King at Arms

- Francis Fane, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law

- Thomas Major, Gentleman, Engraver of Seals to his Majesty -

- Thomas Graham, Gentleman, Apothecary in Ordinary to his Majesty

- - George Earl of Kinnoul, on-jf. 1,000 a Year -

- Charles Ptat, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -

- Fletcher Norton, Esquire - - another -

- Henry Gould, Esquire - - - another - -

- The Fellows of Eton College ——

The Corporation of Berwick - -

Edward Duke of Somerset, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent

Dr. Robert Jenner, Professor of Law in the University of Oxford -

- Sht George Lyttelton, Baronet, Chancellor of the Exchequer -

I- s. d.

102 IS 2 i

394 16

60 16 8

208 —

42 — . —

123 — —

234 l7 6

248 12 5

44 — —

128 — —

128 — —

146 *3 4

*33 6 8

101 10 6

IOI 10 6

5* *4 —

5* —

26 12

5>9°° __ j

767 *5 8

16 6 8

20 *5 —

40 — —

5,000 —

5,000 —

76 14 7

892 *7 6

63 2 3l

40 — —

80 — —

600 — —

359 — —

5 00 — —

160 — —

803 — —

200 — —

221 J3 4

103 — —

132 3 4

3OO — ——

100 — —

182 10 —

136 l7 6

100 — —

419 *9

400 — —

400 — —

6*

300----

40 --->

200 — — 500 —

999 16 100 — —

80----

40-----

50-----

115-----

1,000----

40-----

40-----

40 — - —

42-----

100 — —

too — —

40-----

125 13

ro Geo. III. 12® Januarii.

To the Schoolmaster of Southwell - -

Levois Watson, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -

Edward Harby,. Vicar of the Tower -

The Vicars of Litchfield - .

The Executors of William Cooper, Esquire, Knight Harbinger to his Majesty John Scott and Thomas Dring. , Keepers of the Council Chamber -Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons -

William Lord Mansfield, late his Majesty’s Attorney General -

Sir Richard Lloyd, Knight, late his Majesty’s Solicitor General -The University of Cambridge ——

Robert Barber, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office ——

William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of his Majesty’s Land Revenues -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Uftier of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Watchmen - - ' ‘ -

Henry Banks, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General -

The Officers of the Board of Works -

Henry Darby Gardiner, Gentleman, Clerk of the Nichells -

George Duke of St. Albans, Master of the Hawks to his Majesty - -

He;ryFox, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State . -Richard Arimdell, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe - - - - " -

The Judges of England ——

The Mailers in Chancery -

William Noel, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester, &c. -

Sir Martin Wright, Knight, on £. 1,000 a Year - -

Robert Earl of Holdernesse, One of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State

The Officers of the Ordnance -

The Dean and Chapter of Westminster ——

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of , -

Chrifi's Hospital -

Tire University of Oxford -

Joseph Spence, A.M. rrofeflor of Modern History in the University of Oxford -John Talbot, Esquire, Second Justice of Gh, £5 ——

Richard Stonehewer, Esquire, Knight Harbinger - -

John Allen, etal. Apothecaries to his Majesty - . - i.

Sir Robert Henley, Knight, late One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -Charles Yorke, Esquire, late another -

William Aifiabie, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -

William Noel, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -George Dunk Earl of Halifax, Ranger of Saw fey Forest -

Charles Frezven, Esquire, Brunswick Herald - -

Samuel lord Masham, King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer Dr. Russell Plumptree, Reader of Physick in the University of Cambridge -Abraham Acworth, Esquire, Clerk to Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer - - -‘

Samuel Horsey, Esquire, Gloucester King at Arms -

John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent William Pitt, Esquire, late One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State Edward Willes, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -

Sir John Hynd Coicon, Bironet? a Petpetuity - - -<- - - '

Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pleas -The Clerks in the Office of Pleas ——

' Henry Monson, Reader of CivifLawin thf University of Cambridge - " -

William Lord Mansfield, Chancellor of the Exchequer - -

Henry BilfonLegge, Esquire, late D® - - - ’ -

Richard Heron, Esquire, Trealtirer’s Remetnbrartcer irr the Court of Exchequer -The Dean and Chapter of Litchfield - - ?

Dr. Samuel Nicholls, Master of the Temple -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Cleflc of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -D° Comptroller of the Pipe - - - - *

H'illiam Wriglufon, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Pipe Office -

Robert Cranmer, Esquire," another - - -'-

The Clerks in the Pipe Office -

John Ofiley, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Private«Rdads -

Dr. John Newcmbe, Reader of Divinity in the University of Oxford -

The Churchwardens of St. John Baptist -

The Mailer and Fellows of Emamtel College - -

Ann Blackerby, Housekeeper of the House of Lords -

The Churchwardens of St. Botolph -

The University of Oxford -

The Churchwardens of St. Michael, Cornhill - - - - «-

The Churchwardens of St. Magnus -

Charles Earl of Arran, Keeper of Bagshot Park - - - - *

' Vol. 3Z. '

C S. L

IO ~ *

33 6 8 13 6 8

i5-----

13 8 2

9i 5 ~

20 — —

46 — —

39 7 "i

20 --- —

53 8

IOO ---- —

3^----

40 -

800 — *

267 12 4

20 -

1,372 IO —

85 10

47 4 2

20,462 1 8

1,100----

73° — ' — 1,000,) — IOO --- —

428 11 8

60-----

390 12 6

370 10 —

26 13 4

400 — —

66 16 qb

231 4 9

53 6 8 22 12

22 12 CA-

66 13 4

20 — — .

40-----

26 13 4

55 J7 4 40-----

18 6 ij

87 17 8* 33 14 io|-16 8 ni

2168 30---

9----

26 is 10L 5 16 102 80 211

64 2 t 10 — — 3768 43 6 8

40'---

10 — — 10 — —

9 3 4 36 10 —

53 6 7 J3 4. 16 13 4 926

10----

J2 4 —

2 1 48

6 8 ' To

13° Jamarii.

To Sir Robert Henley, Knight, late his Majesty’s Attorhey General The Clerks in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office Edward Simpson, Esquire, late his Majesty’s Advocate General Dr. George Hay, his Majesty’s Advocate General

Exchequer, the 13th Day of January 1776.

E. Wilftf

A. 1770.

I d.

- S3

- 22 10

- 9 14 6

12 4 9*

1 >476*567 *9 3

act

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assemblecL

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 10th Day of October'ij^z to the 10th Day of October 1760; distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 10th Day of October 1757 to the 10th Day of October 1758.

Privy Purse.

To Edward Finch, Esquire - -

Secret and Special Service. £.

To James Wallace, Esquire - - - - 18,000 — —

To Robert Earl of Holdernesse ---- 3,000 — —

To William Pitt, Esquire - -- -- - 3,000 — —

lb James West, Esquire - - 40,000 — —

To Richard Stratton, Esquire - -- -- - 5,254 10 —

To Samuel Martin, Esquire - 10,000------

To Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire - - - - 462 — 6

To Duncan Frazer, Esquire, Deputy to Charles Gordon, Esquire, Consul

at Tunis . - - - 420 3 —

To John Nicholl, Esquire ----- 10,520 17 6

To Philip Adolph Baron dc Munchaufen T 1,585 — —

Band of Penfloners.

To SalnjburyCade, Esquire -

President of the Council.

To John Earl Granville

Keeper of the Privy Seal.

To Richard Earl Temple

Master of the Jewell Office.

To Sir Richard Lyttleton, Knight of the Bath -

King’s Goldsmith.

To Thomas Minors - - - »

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever;

Ambassadors, Envoys, fsV.

To Sir Benjamin Keene,. Knight of the Bath, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King -

Ritvigny de Cofnt, Esquire, Secretary to the above Embassy - .

Jo/ephTor he, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General Sir Charles HanburyWilliams, Knight of the Bath, Ambassador in Ordinary to the

Empress of Russia - -

Sir James Gray, Baronetv Envoy Extraordinary to the King of the Two Sicilies -

Walter Tilley, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark - -

36,000 — —

92,242 n —

6,000 — —

4,000 — —

2,678 6 3!

700 — —

1,786 18 4

3>35,5 8 6

1.230 — —

3,37°----

4.230 -

2,225----

"*« - t.

12° Januarii

io Geo. III.

507

To David Lord Viscount Stormonf,.iEmny Extraordinary to the King of Poland - -

Robert Keith, Esquire, Minister and Plenipotentiary to the Emperor of Germany

More* as Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress of Russia George William Earl of Bri/Iol, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia --Solomon Dayrol/e, Esquire, Minister to the Court of Brufels -

- Andrew Mitchell, Esquire, Minister at the Court of Prvjfla -

Philip.Stanhope, Esquire, Resident with the Mans Towns in Germany -John Murray, Esquire, Resident with the Republic of Venire -

-Onslow Burrish, Esquire, Resident in the Ai/nin-i Low Countries, and at the Court of

the Bishop of Liege, and Minister to the il\er;.l Piir.ccs in Germany -Arthur Villettes, Esquire, Minister to the Cantons -

- James Porter, Esquire, Commissaryio the EmpoPi. <.t Germany -Michael Hutton, Esquire, Secretary tq.his Meow’s Commissioners in Flanders -

More, as Consul at-the.Ports oi^OJiend,&

- -Burlington Gold]worthy, Esquire, Consul at Port St. Mary and Cadiz

— Charles Gordon, Esquire, Consul -at Tunis - . -

— Riihctrd What ley, Esquire, Consul General at Tctuan -

Robert White, Esquire, Consul at Tripoli - -

Ijdac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli -

- Stanhope A/pinzcall, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Algiers -

John Burnaby Parker, Esquire, Consul at Madrid -

— John Burnaby, Esquire, on 30*. a Day ——

~ - Charles. Ho'zendorf, Esquire, for Services performed to his Majesty in foreign Parts

- Frederick La or, nee, Esquire, during such Time as he shall be employed in his Majesty’s

..... Service at Berlin ——

Sir Horace Mann, Resident with the Great Duke of Tuscany -Edward Huy, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Most Faithful King -

- James Read, Esquire, Consul General at Tetuan -

-RobertCampbelL Esquire,.Resident at the Court of Sweden -

- BrittleySkinner, pl'quire, on 3or. a Day - - _ -

Joseph Popham, Esquire, Consul.at Tetuan ——

- Tire 1 Executors of Abraham Cafires, . Esquire, late Envoy Extraordinary to the King of

- - Portugal -

tO

— - Sir- JohnG<WnY£?, Baronet, Resident at the.. Court of Sweden -

Janies Stuart Mackenzie, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia

George William Earl of Bri/Iol, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King . - - _ ——

- George Retaking, Esquire, who was employed by his Majesty’s Order at the Court of

Petersburgh- - - .

_ . Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

To. Sir Wilfred Lawful, Baronet, Sheriff of Cumberland, for an Over Payment

— - Edward Emmett, Esquire, Sheriff of Essex.- - - - - D®

Sir Thomas. Barkens, Baronet, Sheriff of Nottingham - - D°

. Jacob Hcublon, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertford - - - - D°

John LuLe, Esquire, Sheriff ot Cornwall - - - - D®

Sir Edward Blackett, Baronet, Sheriff of Northumberland - - D°

.. John Charlton Esquire, Sheriff of Salop ----- D*

Richard Lane, Esquire, Sheriff of Bucks ----- D®

John Hall, Esquire, Sheriff of Nottingham----- D0--Thomas Burch Savage, Esquire, Sheriff of I. - - D° William Mills, Esquire, Sheriff' ot G/ovcester - - - D®

- Joint Schute, Esquire, Sheriff of Southampton - - - D°

Edward Jordan, Esquire, Sheriff of Warwick - - - - D®

Robert MyGeorge, Esquire, Sheriff of Hereford - - - D® - -

Join: Capon, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford ----- D®

Francis Dixon, Esquire, Sheriff' ot Cambridge and Huntingdon - D® - .

William Bridgenand William Stephafon, Esquires, Sheriffs of London and , D° -

. John Taylor, Esquire, Sheriff'of Warwick - - - D® -

James Bartlett, Esquire, Sheriff of Wilts ----- D®

Nicholas Hunt, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Derby - - D®

Edmund Thomas, Esquire, Sheriff of Hereford - - - . - - D®

John Sazcle, Esquire, Sheriff' of Corn wall ----- D® - -

Charles Wyndham, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucester - - - - D®

James Barton, Esquire, Sheriff ot her,:caster - D®

John Oliver Williams, Esquire, Sheriff' of Devon - - - - D®

James Perry, Esquire, Sheriff' ot Somerset- - - - - D®

Thomas Prescott, Esquire, Sheriff ot Chester ----- D®

Charles Devon, Esquire, Sheriff of Devon ----- D®,

Joseph Cnverley, Esquire, Sheriff of Szffex - - - - D®

SackvilleEarl of Thanet, Sheriff of Westm or landD°

Robert Reade, towards the Charge of his Passage td Virginia -

Robert Cooper - - D° to South Carolina -

William Duke, towards the Charge of his Passage to Barbadoes - - - .

Samuel Fenner Warren, towards the Charge of his Passage to South Carolina Vol. 32. 6 O

L. s.

3*320 — y —

3>627 — —

1,236 —; —

1,670 -. —

1,654 IO —

1,835 — —

1,42a 12 —

i,495 -

920 — —

1,705 3 "

1,095 — —

730 —

200 — - —

200 — —

500 — ‘ —

33 16 8£

630 — —

200 — —

1,190 13 6

1,000 — —

547 10 —

400 - ‘1

300 — 1 —

L787 — —

1,665 — —

325 — —

276 — —

547 10 —

162 10

i57 5 —

576 — —

955

1,910 — —

846 —

7 3 4 5

28 2 4

I I 12 9

58 4 11

129 12 10

13 18 11

106 10

32 18 9

76 >5 1

126 3 —

33 — 8

93 11 6

22 15 8

14 19 3

35 12 1

8 14 %

902 7 8

35 *7 8

2 1 9

5° 16 1

110 1 10

84 8 8

3° — 8

128 11 —

144 iS 5

5* 7 3!

124 3 6

102 19 —

40 8 4

35 — 8

20 — —

20 — — -

20 — —

20

To

12° JamartL

A 1770.

To %tob Rozve, towards the Charge of his Passage to Virginia -

Benjamin Avery, as his Majesty’s Free Gift and lloyal Bounty - - - r

Robert Robinson, Esquire D° - D° -

Arthur Collins, Gentleman D° - D° -

Robert Boyde, Esquire - - D°

William Ellis, Esquire --D® ——

Mary and Ann Smallridge - D°

Sir Thomas Harrison, Knight, Chamberlain of the City of London, to be distributed to the Poor of the said City -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis, as his Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty -Francis Lord Hawley - - - - D® -

Charles Hatton, Esquire - - - D® - -« »

Sir Clement Cotter ell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to his Majesty, as a Present from his Majesty to Seignior Zon, Resident from the Republic of Venice Jacob Houblon, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertford, for Conviction of Felons -

Erasmus Blackett, Esquire, Sheriff of Newcastle upon Tyne D® -

Humphry Bellamy, Esquire, Sheriff of Essex D® -

Peter Comyns, Esquire, Sheriff of Devon D® -

John Quick, Esquire, Sheriff of"Devon - D® -

‘ John Anfett, Esqqires, Sheriff of Bucks - - - - D* -

Joseph Clerk, Esquire, Sheriff of Northampton - - D°

Thomas Bennett, Esquire, Sheriff of Wilts - - -" D°

Thomas Jones, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucester - - - D° - -

Thomas Gregory, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Kent - - D° -

Edward Clerk, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Oxford - - D* -

Philip Stephens, Esquire, Sheriff of Somerset D* -

J(?hn Clerk, et aL Sheriffs of the" City of Coventry - - D" -

Thomas Leake, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Salop - - D® -

William Dilke, Esquire, Sheriff of Warwick D® -

Henry Compton, Esquire, Sheriff of Southampton D®

Joseph Richardson, Esquire, for a Present to" the Bey of Tunis -

More, for D° to the Emperor of Morocco -

Philip Sharpe, Gentleman, for the Under Clerks of the Privy Council - -

The Commissioners of the Lot.tery -

Sir Clement CotterelTDormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty, as a Present from his Majesty to Baron Rantzaw, late Envoy Extraordinary from the King of Denmark ——

William Davis, Gentleman, to reimburse Expences -

More, to pay Bills of Exchange ——

Charles Gordon, Esquire, his Majesty’s Consul at Tunis, for his extraordinary Charge, fc. in preserving his House and Effects from being plundered by the Algiers, tele. -John Stezvart, Gentleman, for Transportation of Felons -The Governors and Guardians of the Foundling Hospital -

Andrew Drummond and Co. to pay Bills of Exchange -

Nicolas Hunts Esquire, Sheriff of Derby, for Conviction of Felons -Timothy Waldo, Esquire, Under Sheriff of London and Middlesex D° -John Capon, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford - - - - D° - -

Richard Lane, Esquire, Sheriff of Bucks - - D° -

Robert My hoys (jouge, Esquire, Sheriff of Hereford - - D° -

John Collins, Esquire, Sheriff of Somerset D° -

William Reynolds, Esquire, Sheriff of Berks - ’ D° - -

Edward Jordany Esquire, Sheriff of Warwick D® -

Jfrael Long, Esquire, Sheriff of Norfolk - - - D® -

Joshua Granby, Esquire, Sheriff of Leicester - D°

James Reynolds, Esquire, for his Care and Expences in the Lotteries -

Lord George Beauclerk, Ranger of Bagshot Rails -

David Peters, Who was sent.to England by James Porter, Esquire, his Majesty’s Ambaffactor to the Ottoman Porte, with the Notice of the Grand Seignior’s Accession to the Throne -

Thomas Mainwaring, Esquire, Receiver of Taxes -

Peter How, Esquire - - D° - -

William Williams, Esquire D° -

John Reade, Esquire, Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons ..

John Mill, Esquire, to be by him paid over to the Victuallers and Innholders of several Counties - -

Henry M'Holloch, Esquire, in Lieu of the like Sum released to his Majesty out of the Quit Rents of South Carolina -

Richard Jephfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers -

The Clerks of the House of Commons *- -

The Clerks of the House of Peers - -

Charles Gore, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Lincoln, for Conviction of Felons

Henry More, Esquire, Sheriff of Suffolk - - - - D® -

Walter Ailon Moseley, Esquire, Sheriff of Stafford D® -

John Chatfield, Esquire, Under Sheriff of Storey - - - D° -

Peter Meyer, to pay Bills of Exchange -

£ d.

20 —

SOO ---

200 _ 200 — . gOQ — _

2,55°----

200 — -

1,000 — .

100 —

100 — .___

400 — . —

384 11 6* 60 — — 40----

12Q — .

39O----

260 — — . 40-----

40-----

60 — -40 — —

l6o - — —

8o----

60 — —

40-----

10 —

60-----

120 — — 533 14 6 533 14 — 300 — — 7,000 — ' —

383 18 6

*3>430----

1,190 7 —

860----

U*35----

36,000 — — 20,665 *8 — 20 — — 810 — . —

9° -

40----

130 — —

80 — —

170 — —

130 — —

160----

10 — —

100 — — .

35----

545 ' —

336 12 9

206 J 3 346 19 ~ 200 — —

2,500 -

i >03 5 — — 102 10 —

97°----

400 — —

4°----

40 -

200 — - — 290 — — 282 12 6

To

u»

io Geo. III.

12° Januarii.

To Sir Jeffry Eizves, Knight, Treafufef to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne% for the Augmentation of the Poor Clergy - - - - . - -

Arthur Vansittart, El quire, for the Rent of Mote Park - - - ,

The Officers and Clerks of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -The several Sheriffs of England and Wales, to bear their Expences in passing their Accounts ——

Moseley Bennett, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road from the said Gate to Kensington ——

Samuel IViIf on, Gentleman, to defray the incident Expences of the Lotteries John Larpent, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange -

Joseph Richardson, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange - -

John Earl of Ashburnham,. Ranger and Keeper of Hyde Park, for watering the Roads -

Samuel Lord Sandys, for his Trouble and Service which his Majesty has appointed to use, occupy, and enjoy, in the Place of a Lord Chancellor, a Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain in the Upper House of Parliament -Wentworth Odiarne, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons Robert Nunn, for catching and carting of Deer in Windsor Forest -

William Rusted and Samuel Pierson, Gentlemen, Churchwardens of the Parish of Si.

Margaret, Westminster, for repairing the said Church -The Province of Massachuset's Ray, to reimburse Expences in furniftiingProvisions and Stores to the Troops raised for his Majesty’s Service - -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons* for Printing and other Works for the Service of the said House -

Robert Teates, Esquire, to reimburse Expences he was at as Clerk to a Committee of the House of Commons, to enquire into the original Standard of Weights, Mea-furcs, &c. - -

The Chamberlain of the City of London, to be applied for re-building London Bridge -Captain George Edgecumbe and Captain William Amherjlt £.500 each, a Reward for their Services in bringing Expresses from Admiral Bojcawen and Major General Amherst, on Account of the Surrender of Louifbourgh - - - _ -

John Lord Viscount Bateman, to reimburse his extraordinary Charges as Matter of his Majesty’s Buck Hounds ——

Ruhard Chejlyn, Esquire,. Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Impost upon Wines -

John Larpent, Esquire, to be disposed of by him as his Majesty’s Charity to Foreign Protestants ——

Thomas Ba/lett, for printing Acts of Parliament -

Samuel Smith and Richard Stevenson, Deputy Chamberlains of his Majesty’s Exchequer, for joining Tallies ——

William Earl of Strafford, Farmer of the Post Fines - -

James Park, Gentleman^ Under Sheriff of Sussex, for Conviction of Felons John Chute, Esquire, Sheriff of Southampton - - - D° -

William Coles, Esquire, Sheriff of Wilts D* -

Thomas Burch Savage, Esquire, Sheriff of Worcejer - - D*

William Robinson, Esquire, Sheriff of Cliefer - - - D°

William Mills, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucester - - . - D° - -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire* U(her of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer John Walker, Esquire, Usher of the Court of Exchequer ----- George Schutz, Esquire, to pay. Bills at Richmond Lodge - 1* - -

Annuities, Allowances, &c.

To Allen Lord Bathurst, Treasurer to his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales

Her Royal Iiighness the Princess Dowager of Wales - - - - -'

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland -

Nicholas Herbert, Esquire, Treasurer to their Royal Highnesses the Prinpeffes Amelia and Caroline -

The Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer Henry Biljoti Legge, Esquire, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer ——

Charles Lozvndes, Esquire, et al. Clerks of his Majesty’s Treasury -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of the Treasury - -

Charles Palmer, et al. for their Attendance in the Treasury -

Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records of the forfeited Estates in England

Dr. Robert Smith, Master of Mechanics to.his Majesty -

Thomas I^ord Viscount Dupplin, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster -Richard Lord Edgecumbe, on £.1,200 a Year -

Robert Jennings, Esquire, for his extraordinary Services by him performed in the Office of Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Bartholomew Lucas, Gentleman, for keeping the Registers of all the Public Loans in the said Office -

John Jackfott, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate -

Abraham Farley, Senior, Deputy Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Exchequer John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London -Vol. 32.

50 9

s. d.

*4*400 -

32a 8

548 12 —

4»oooo — —

6S _ — ,

3.050 — —

439 *4 9

584 6

335 — —

1,000

466 i? 2

55 l5 6

4»°oo —

47.48o *9 i*l

586 7 —

400

ij.boo —

1,000 - —

700 —

96 12 —

500 MM

5,443 9 II

122 12

779 9 si

40 — —

120

210 —

IIO* — *

40 . _

100 — - —

>549 s

1,043 4 2

3,083 S 3*

40,500 - T MM

7,000 — _

15,000 — —

*3»93 313

8,000

i,6oo -

1,900 — M.

200 — MM

200 -

660 — — M

150

200 — MM

187 to MM

C66 lS 7

5G0 to lli

100 — —

50 — —

20 — —

40 — —

50P — —

More

0

12° Januarit.

More to him, for Tljree Clerks . - -

Uco William Mocker, Gentleman, Chief Clerk in the said Office -

RichwJMorley, ( Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer -

More, as Kecpei* of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster -

John Pollen El quire. Chief Justice of Carmarthen, £3c. -

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, 13 c. '-

John ttarvey, Efjjuire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, .

Rogers Holland, pfquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, £f?r.

Daines Barrington, Esquire, Second Justice of D* - -

Richard Lord Edge cumb e, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster -John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent Robert Earl of Holdeniejfe, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State -WilligjtiJPitt, Ef^uir^ - - - - another - -

„ Arthur Onslow, Esquire, Speaker, of the House of Commons - -

~ William Duke of; Devonshire, Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houshold Edward Duke of Somerset, cm 1,200 a Year' -

___William Henry Ejarhof Rochfdrd,' Groorri of the Stole to his Majesty - -

Thomas hord Vijfcolint FauumFerg, One oFthe Gentlemen of his Majesty’s Bedchamber

t A^r/Duke of I.Manchester 1' -

*11Pfenry Earlof l\ncoln

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

__JphnEaxX of AJnburnham -

Francis fearl of Hertford ~ - \-

Charles Marquis of 'Rockingham Hugh Earl of Northumberland George V/illiam Earl of Coventry Peregrind Duke of Ancafler William Ann Holies Earl of Essex George.Earl of Orford John Earl Buckinghamshire _ John Earl of Hyndford

William Finch, Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houfh'old

The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom -

Thomas Hill, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners -

John Tracey Atkins, Esquire, 5 th Baron of the Court of Exchequer

Sir Robert Rich, Baronetf One of the Grooms of his Majesty ’s Bedchamber

John Clavering, Esquire another

John Campbell, Esquire ---- another

Edward Cornwallis~ Esquire - - - - another

John Moflyn, Esquire - - .- another

John Waldegrave, Esquire - - - - another

__Henry 'Seymour Conway, Esquire - - - another

__John Offley, Esquire - - '- - another

George Duke of St. Albans, on £. 1,000 a Year - ‘

John Duke of Rutland, on £. 1,540 a Year ~ '-

Edward pari of Warwick: and Holland, 'on £. 300 a Year -

v Jdugh Earl of Marchmont, on £. 1,500 a Year -

’ James Lord Somerville, on 800 a Year " - -

’ John EarhHopetoun ~ D° " - -

John Earl of Fihlater - D® - - - - .

Alexander Earl of Galloway D° . - , -

John Earlof Hyndford - D® - , - -

Sholto Lord Aberdour - D° ~ '....

f-

William Earl 06 Sutherland, on £. 500 a Year.

George Campbell, et al. to be dilpoil'd of by them for his Majesty’s Service Thomas Grant, Esquire, bn £. 400 a Year - - / .

Norman Macleod, Esquire D° -

Lord George Hay D° -

George Earl of Crawford, on £.350 a Year -

Donald Lord Raey, on£. 300 a Year -

William Earl of Home, on £. 200 a Year -

John Earl of Kintore D® -

James Lord Forbes D® -

John Lord Gray - D® -

Robert Lord Rollo D® ——

Alexander Lord Banff D® -....

Dr. Andrew St, Clair D® -

Yady Catharine Wemyfs, on £. 100 a Year - -

Lady Mary Campbell, on 50 a Year

Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty -Sir Henry Bellenden, Knight, Gentleman Usher Black Rod -The Corporation of Lyme Regis - - "

William Kempe, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General at New York Mathew Lord Ducie Moreton, Con liable of the Forest of Dean -Nathaniel Rowe, ' Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas

A. 1770.

£, s, d. 150 — — 100 — — 420 — — 480 — —

400-----

400 — —

5°o-----

300 — — 400 — —

400 -

662 9 4

1.500 -

1.850 —

1.850 — —

1.500 — 3,402 14 9i

507 2 Si

2,000 -

‘l,00O — —

1.000 -

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 -

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 -

1.000 -

600-----

8.000 -

2,382 12 II

100 — — 500 — — too — — ' 5C0 — 500 — — coo — — 1 500 — —

COO — —

542 9 3i

1.000 — *

i >54°-----

800 — —

I,5C0----

800 — —

8 CO — —

800-----

800----:

800-----

800 — —

COO —

600 — —

400-----

400 — — 400 — — *

35° — -

3-----

200 -

200 —

200 -

200 ---

ICO — ' — 200 —

150 — — 100 — '

50 — -100 —

200 —

IOO —

150 — '

2*10 — ~-20 — ~~ To

io Geo. III.

12° Janu

To John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe - - - .

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -Abraham Farley and John Borlace, Esquires, Deputy Chamberlains of his Majesty’s Exchequer - - .

Sir Henry Erskine, Baronet, Keeper of his Majesty’s private Roads Charles Pratt, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General - -

The Officers and Ministers of the Exchequer - -

William Davis, Gentleman, for the Servants of the late Princess Caroline -

William Chetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Plays and Interludes -

Edward Cabell, Esquire, Deputy Examiner of D* - -

A William Duke of Cumber land. Warden of Windsor Fore ft - .

More, for holding Swanimote Courts -

John Scott, et al. Keepers of the Council Chamber - - - - .

John Earl Tilney, (Warden oi Walt ham Forth -

_ Princess Atnelia, 4s Rangerand Keeper of Richmond Park -Richayd Hammond, Esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer -Mary Magdalen Fay lor. Keeper of his Majesty’s Wardrobe at Hampton Court John Ibbiitt, Messenger attending the Printing Press -

John Earl of Ashburnliam, Ranger and Keeper of Hyde Park and St. James's The Clerks of his Majesty’s Privy Council - M - -

John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Most noble Order of the Garter Henry Folkcs, Esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath -

Dr. James Bradley, on £.250 a Year -

_The Mayor of Macclesfield^ for aTreacher.

Henry Majlerman, Esquire, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office - -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General - -

Claudius Amy and, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries Lionel Cranfield Duke of Dorset, Constable of Dover Castle - - - .

Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, Solicitor for the Affairs of his Majesty’s Treasury Richard Arundell, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

Mathew Lamb, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -

Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer -Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pells -Sir John Willes, Sir Sydney Stafford Smythe, and Sir John Eardley Wilmot, Knights, Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain -Charles Yorke, Esquire, his Majesty’s Solicitor General - -

He>iry Yelverton, Esquire, late One of the Commissioners of the Wine Licence Office -Henry Harris, Esquire - -' - _- another -

Philip Meadows, Esquire - - - another ' - -

James Ramsden, Esquire.....another -

K William Adams, Esquire - - - another

William Hird, late Register in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences -

J John Peirfon, late Cashier in the above Office - -:

Charles Bembridge, late Secretary and Comptroller in the said Office - -

Gilbert East, Esquire, late Comptroller General of D° - , - -

William Bennett, late Clerk of the Bonds and Licences in the said Office -

Ann Park, late Housekeeper to the said Office -

Samuel Leamon, et al. Messengers to the said Office -

John Nicholson, Esquire, Solicitor in the said Office -

Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Antigua -BenjaminCarpenter, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Montserrat -

Corbytt Morris, Esquire, Agent for Newfoundland, &c.

Gilbert Fleming, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St. Christopher's,

Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, late Governor of Barbadoes -Arthur Dobbs, Esquire, Governor of North Carolina -

George Thomas, Esquire, Governor of the Leeward Charibbee Islands -William Henry Lyttelton, Esquire, Governor of South Carolina -_ Lancelot Story, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Nevis -William Popple, Esquire, Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Bermuda or Summer Iflapds - _ - . -

’ - Charles Pinfold, Esquire, Commander in Chief of the Island of Barbadoes

Robert Cholmondeley, Esquire, Surveyor and Auditor General of his Majesty’s Revenues ariting in America - -

John Tinker, Esquire^ Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over his Majesty’s Bahama Islands in America ——

The Executors of Horatio Walpole, Esquire, late Surveyor and Auditor General of his Majesty’s Revenues arising in America - -

Messengers.

To Edward Bryant, Messenger of his Majesty’s Chamber - -

.. John Jones, John Oldnall, Peter Dubourg, and John Walker, the Messengers attending the Receipt of the Exchequer -

John Jones, for travelling C}iarges - , -

Peter Dubourg - D® -

Vol. 32. 6 P

£ 511 s. d.

27 9

53 6 8

80 _ —

28 IO —

JI5 IO —

35 — —

25° — *

400 — — *

200 — —

537 9 11 i

40 — —

73 — —

270 — —

178 IO —

20 — —

18 5 —

60 — —

490 — —

400 — - —

57° 5 —

500 — —

250 — —

5° — —

*5 — —

200 — —

100 — —

b°4I — 6*

,000 — —

3° — —

40 — —

200 — — -

*95 8 4

575 6 IO

ll5 IO —

500 — —

500 T —

500 — — 1

500 —

500 "

68 12 7

80 — -

130 — —

300 — —

16 *9

20 — —

68 9 10J

*5 7

200 — —

200 — —

300 — —

200 — —

800 — —

[,000 — —

[,200 — —

:,oooo — —

300 — *

340 — —

t,oooo

25° — —

700 — —

83 14 71

60 16 8

404 — —

268 5 —

419 12 6

T*

12° Januarii

5*2

to John Oldttall, for travelling Charges....

John Walker D°....

John Bright, One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer -

Devereux Davis ~ another - "

Thomas Potter - another -

William Colebrook - another -

Henry Ballowe - - - - another -

George Sanderfofi, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -

More, for travelling Charges -

George Hall ----- another

More, for travelling Charges -

Fees, Perpetuities, &c.

To the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bills ——

D*, on their Fees ——

John Tracey Atkyns, Esquire, 5th Baron of the Exchequer -

Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, for the Use of the Princess Royal -His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland - - - '

John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent

Sir. Thomas Allin, Baronet, et al. Serjeants at Arms -

John Finch, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

John Earl of Ashburnham, Ranger of St. James's Park -

George Duke of St. Alban's, Matter of the Hawks to his Majesty

George Onslow, Esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest - -

Jane Kien, Housekeeper at Kensington -

Thomas Graham, Gentleman, Apothecary in' Ordinary to his Majesty - -

Dr. William Woodford, Reader of Physic in the University of Oxford - -

The Fellows of Eton College -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

George Earl of Kinnoul, on £.1000 a Year -

William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Council Records -

William Sharpe, Esquire, and others, Clerks of the Privy Council -

Joseph Smith, Esquire, and others, Serjeants at Arms -

The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax -

Charles Fitzroy Scudamore, Esquire, Master of his Majesty’s Tennis Court -

Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty -

Charles Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant Master of D° -

Clandius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries -

Samuel Horsey, Esquire, Gloucester King at Arms -

Andrew Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -

The Heirs of Nicholas Tates ---- *

Stephen Martin Leake, Esquire, and others, King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms -Thomas Major, Gentleman, Engraver to his Majesty -William Earl Derby, and others," for the poor Ministers of the Isle of Man Lewis Watjotr, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Windsor Castle - - -

Dr. Robert Jenner, Reader of Law in the University of Oxford

Harry Bv.rrard, Esquire, Ranger of New Forest....

Thomas Wynne, Esquire, One of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer Henry Shelley, et al. who act as the other -

John Scott, et al. Keepers of the Council Chamber -The Corporation of Berwick -

Henry Bromfield, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrai

Office -....

Robert Barber, Esquire, ----- another

Henry Gould, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -Fletcher Norton, Esquire ----- another - ?

Edward I Lilies, Esquire - another

Richard Stonehewer, Esquire Knight Harbinger - -

Edward Duke of Somerset, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent Thomas Strived, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law Dr. Shall et Turner, Professor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge

The University of CumbriJg The Vicars oC Litchfield - -

Charles Yorke, Esqurrc, his Majesty’s Solicitor General -Charles Pratt, Esquire, late One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law Frauas Fane, Esquire, late another - - «

Richard Earl Temple, Keeper of the Privy Seal The Schoolmaster of Southwell - -

The Executors of Thomas Thornberry, Esquire, late Windsor Herald at Arms Henry Hill, Esquire, Windsor Herald at Arms -

Henry Hill, Gentleman, late One of his Majesty’s Heralds at Arms called Rouge &rdgon Henry Bi/fon Legge, Esquire, Chancellor of the Exchequer -

ncers

A. 1770,

£ 1. J.

367 10 — 492 12 6

44----

128----

128----

*46 13 4 133 6 8 35 2 — 188-----

35 2 —

188----

5,900 — — 786 — 8 163 6 8

5,®oo — —

25,000----

166 13 4 200 15 —

40-----

92 17 6 1,372 10 — 600 — —

300----

115----

40 -

42-----

80----

1.000 — —

£00 -- —

1.000 — — 803 — — 100 — — *32 3 4 200 — — 221 13 4 200 — —

41 4 14

l60 --- —

IOO — —

386 I3 4

50----

IOO — —

66 13 4 182 10 — 40-----

CQO — < —

400 —

300----

9I 5 —

I00 I — —

10----

34 *3 4

40----

40----

40----

146 10 —

42 5 2$

40-----

4OO — —

3°---

15----

70----

9 si

5 16 i*

37*-----

10 — —

8

1 x

*3 M* 13 Uf 209 — — T«

5

it

io Geo. III.

12* JanuariL

5*£

To Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Watchmen -

William Lowndes, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -

Henry Darby Gardiner, Gentleman, Clerk of the NitcheUs - -

Henry Banks, Esquire, One of his Majesty's Counsel at Law -

William Fitty Esquire, One of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State -

The Judges of England ——

The Mailers ih Chancery ——

William. Nod, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester, &c. -

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D* - -

Sir Knight, on 1000 a Year -

The Officers of the Works ——

The Dean and Chapter of Westminster -

Richard Arundell, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

Samuel Lord Masham, King’s Remembrancer -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty's Surveyor General -

John Suffield Brown, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Heralds at Arms, called Blanc Courfier The Executors of John Anfiis, Esquire, late D° -

William Aiflabie, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest: -

William Fitzherbert, Esquire, Housekeeper at Newmarket -

John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Woods - - *

George Perrot, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

ChriJTs ilospital -

The Executors of John Ellis, late Keeper of the Lions, £sfr. in the Tower of London -

The Officers of the Ordnance - - - - - ’ -

Joseph Spence, A.M. ProfefiTor of Modern History in the University of Oxford -

Robert Earl of Holdernefie, One of his1 Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State

John Allen, et al. Apothecaries to his Majesty - -

Sir Henry Erskine, Baronet, Keeper of his Majesty’s private Roads -

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, Ranger of Sawfey Forest -

Rickard Lord Edgecumbe, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent

John Brifiow, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions, £ffc. in the Tower -

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Matter of the Revels -

Sir Richard Lloyd', Knight, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

Dr. Russell Plumplree, Reader of Physic in the University of Cambridge -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Comptroller of the Pipe -

William Wright Jon, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Pipe Office -Robert Cranmer, Esquire, another ——

The Churchwardens of St. Michael ——

The Churchwardens of St. Botolph - —

Ann Blacker by, Housekeeper of the House of Peers -

Dr. Samuel Nicholls, Master of the Temple -

William De Grey, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -

Charles Pratt, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General -

Richard Heren, Esquire, Treasurer’s Remembrancer -

John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe ——

Dr, John Nezvcome, Reader of Divinity in the University of Cambridge - -

The University of Oxford - -

Charles Earl of Arran, Keeper of Bagshot Park -

The Dean and Chapter of Litchfield ——

The Master of EmanuelCollege in the University of Cambridge -

The Churchwardens of St. Mary Magnus ——

Edward Harby, Vicar of the Tower -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons -

The Corporation of Clifton Dartmouth -

£ J. d.

365 — —

IOO —

20 — —

40 — —

74 *3

i,$p° —

,100 —

73° —

50a

,000 — ——

265 9 7

60 — —

23 12 *

55 l7 4

800 — —

88 18 7I

*7 8 si

66 *3 4

220 2 81

80 *5 — $

26 18 -1

37° 10 —

60 7 6

427 19

400 —

100 — — -

53 6 8

J7 2

40 — —

44 14 6

66 15 —

5° — —

57 — 3*

40 — —

40 — -

ro — —

10 — —

12 4 —

7

9

37 17 43

8i

64

21

x3

10

5

io —

16 13

6

8

8

8

r

2

6

4 6 6 2

11 ii$

6 8

6 8

4

13

21

6

10 r-----

90 -

644,484 7 4*

Exchequer,

ihe 1 2th Day of January 1770.

Milford.

V01..32.

To

5*4

12* Janiiarii.

A. 1770.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Act COUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 10th Day of October 1752 to the loth Day of QElober 17605 distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 10th Day of October 1758 to the tothDay of 1759.

Privy Purse.

To Edward Finch, Esquire -

Secret and Special Service. Tct William Pitt, Esquire - -

Robert Earl of Holdernesse James West, Esquire - -

Samuel Martin, Esquire -

James Wallace, Esquire -

Band of Pensioners.

To Salufbury Cade, Esquire

Keeper of the Privy Seal.

To Richard Earl ’Temple ——

President of the Council,

To John Earl Granville ——

Matter of the Jewels.

To Sir Richard Lyttelton, Knight of the Bath -

1

King’s Goldsmith.

To Thomas Minors - 4,583 3 —

The Executors of D* - - - 700 1 11

' £ * d.

3.000 -

3.000 -

40.000 — - —

20.000 — —

1,487 17 8|

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever,

" AtnbaSTadors, Envoys,

To George William Earl of Bristol, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King -

Ruvigny de Cofne, Esquire, Secretary to the above EmbaSTy -

joj'eph T( orke, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General

of the United Provinces -

More, as Minister Plenipotentiary to the King of Prussia -Sir James Gray, Baronet, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of the Two Sicilies -Walter Titley, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark -David V ifcount Stormont, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Poland -Robert Keith, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress of Raffia ——

James Stuart Mackenzie, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia -Andrew Mitchell, Esquire, Minister at the Court of -

Philip Stanhope, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns -John Murray, Esquire, Resident with the Republic of Venice -Arthur Villettes, Esquire, Resident with the Swiss Cantons -James Porten, Esquire, CommiSTaty to the Emperor of Germany -Harrington Goldfworthy, Esquire, Consul at Port St. Mary and Cctfiz in Spain

£s- d.

S 6,000 — —

67,487 17 8$ 6,000 — —

a>635 -

4,000-----

700 — —

5,283 4 n

5,150-----

1,130-----

3,865 17 — 1,021 4 —

2.225 -

2.225 -

3,320-----

3,52o-----

2.225 -

5,125-----

*»395 -

*>495 -

1,708 2 4

1,095-----

200 — —

To

io Geo. III,

I2° JatiU

5*5

To Michael Hatton, Esquire, Secretary to his Majesty’s Commissaries in Spain -

More, as Consul at OJlend, Newport, and Bruges -....

Charles Cordon, Esquire, Consul at Tunis -

Joseph Popham, Esquire, Consul General at Tetuan -

Robert White, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli -

Isaac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul General at Naples -

Stanhope Afpinin'all, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Algiers -

Burnaby, Esquire, until he shall be provided for in his Majesty’s Service -Charles Ho/zendorf, for Services performed to his Majesty in foreign Parts -

Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, during such Time as he shall be employed in his Majesty’s Service -

Brindley Skinner, Esquire, until he shall be provided for in his Majesty’s Service Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Resident with the Grand Duke of Tuscany -

Edward Hay, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Most Faithful King -

Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, Resident at the Court of the King of Sweden Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, late his Majesty’s Minister at the Court of Brussels George Reniking, Esquire, employed at the Court of -

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

To William Cotes, Esquire, Sheriff

John Collins, Esquire Philip Beddingfield, Esquire

Israel Long, Esquire Miles Branthwaite, Esquire James Bradley, Esquire John Lewis, Esquire Sackville Earl of Tkanet John Digby, Esquire William Robinson, Esquire -John Egerton, Esquire Thomas Bennett, Esquire Thomas Hotchkin, Esquire -Thomas Whitaker, Esquire

John Henniker, Esquire

John Jackson, Esquire

John Robinson Lytton, Esquire

John Aiifcll, Esquire John Amler, Esquire William Cole, Esquire Peter Corny ns, Esquire William Wilkinson, Esquire

George Nelson and Francis Gojl,

Middlesex-Gcrvafe Scroope, Esquire William Cope Gregory, Esquire Henry Compton, Esquire Thomas Jones, Esquire

f the County of Wilts', for an Over Payment - 41 11 1

D* of Somerset, for - D® - - - - 26 3 7*

D® of Norfolk D® - - - - 32 10 6

D® of D® - D® - % - 5 9 3

D" of D" D® - , - 16 12 11

D®- of Lancaster D® - - - - 76 6 —

D® of Monmouth D® - - - 20 19 —

D® of Westmore« D® - m - - 24 3 2

D3 of Rutland D® - - - 22 13 3

D® of Chester D® m - - - 121 5 6

D® of D® D® - - . - 112 l3

D® of Wilts D® - - - - 12 6 5

D® of Rutland D® - - . - 25 9 9

D® of Kent D® - - - - 40 11 11

D® of Essex D® - - - - 121 10 6

D° of Cambridge and Huntingdon D* - - 19 *9 z

D® of Hertford D® - - - - 85 — 6 i

D® of Bucks D® - - - 72 10 3

D® of Salop D® - - - - 89 17 if

D® of Bedford D® - - - 27 18 1

D® of Devon D® - - 50 3 *4

D® of Northumberland D® - - - - 6 6

Esquires, Sheriffs of the City of London, and County of - - - - D® - - - - 652 15

D® of Lincoln D® - - - 52 9 uf

D° of Hereford D° of Southampton D* of Gloucej

D°

D®

D®

Ralph Smith and John Scott, Esquires, late Sheriffs of the City of Norwich Thomas Bowes and Thomas Mason, Esquires D® of Fork James Craig, towards defraying the Charge of his Passage to Virginia

D®

D®

Charles

John Bra James John Tonge Samuel Peters

D® to Pensylvania D® to Virginia -D® to New England D" to D#

D° to D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D°

Arthur Collins, Gentleman, as his Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty William Ellis, Esquire -

Samuel Chandler, D. D. and Benjamin Avery, L. D.

Ann Smallridge -

The O’;'.oration of Lyme Re pis -

Benjamin Avery, L. D.

Madam SaccomanniRojfi -

Francis Lord Hawley -George Mackenzie Quin, Esquire -

Charles Hatton, Esquire -

Joseph Richerdson, Esquire, to pay a Bill of Exchange, and reimburse Expences More, for a Present to the Emperor of Morocco

William Davis, Gentleman, to pay Bills of Exchange, and reimburse Expences The Colony of Connecticut, to reimburse their Expences for his Majesty’s Service John Stewart, Gentleman, for Transportation of Felons -

Arthur Vansittart, Esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park -

John Larpent, Esquire, to reimburse Expences, and for his Majesty’s Service

More, for the Relief of Foreign Protestants -

Sir George Smith, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of , for Conviction of Felons

Vol. 32. 6 Q

£ R d.

548----

200-----

500-----

487 10 —

630-----

200 — — 1,407 2 6

547 10 —

400 — —

300 — —

547 10 "

1 >7 75 ---

2,120 — —

i,47°-----

1,095----

80-----

56

74

2S

45

9

20

20

20

20

20

20

400

1,700

400

100

100

800

100

100

200

400

2,052

1,059

14,012

*3>736

L745

322

910

500

60

12 — 6

*9

J7

3

19

8

6

5

12 $ 6 6

2 6

17 jr

8 — — 6

T«

5itf

12

Januarii.

A. 1770.

To William Cole, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of , for Conviction of Felons

D®

D®

D®

D®

William Blyth, Esquire Thomas Jones, Esquire

Thomas Hodgkins, Esquire

John Robinson Lytton Esquire

Joseph Clerk, Esquire Hemiker, Esquire Francis Dixon, Esquire Samuel Bowes, Esquire William Lovick and Thomas Henry Compton, Esquire John Scurf eld, Esquire Peter Comyns, Esquire . -Robert Gibson, Esquire William Dilke, Esquire Sir John Rous, Baronet Sir Nigil Grejly, Baronet

Robert May, Esquire Joseph Dixon, Esquire Henry Powell, Esquire James Modiford Heywood, Esquire D'

D® of Derby

D® of Gloucester

of Rutland of Hertford of Northampton of Efl'ex -D° of Cambridge and Huntingdon D* -

D® of Berks D®

Churchman, Esquires, D° of the City of,

D® of the County of Southampton D® -

D®

D®

ET

D®

D®

D®

D®

Gilbert Chefiire, Esquire

Henry Plant, Esquire John Wetham, Esquire James Broomj Esquire Thomas Hall, Junior

D® of Newcastle upon Tyne D® of Devon D* of Lancaster D® of Warwick of Suffolk of Stafford of Suffolk of Lincoln of Somerset of Devon D® of Derby D® of Berks D® of Nottingham D® of Hereford D® of Southampton

D®

D®

D®

D*

D"

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

Timothy Waldo, Esquire, Under Sheriff of the City of London, and County of -

dlesex

John Dowding, Gentleman

John Chatfield, Gentleman -

Thomas Gregory, Gentleman

Vincent Parry, Gentleman -James Park, Gentleman

D®

D®

D®

D®

D"

D®

D®

D® of D®

D* of County of Surrey -D® of Kent -D® of Carnarvon D* of Sussex -

Sir John Chapman, Baronet, Sheriff of Hertford John Shipton, Esquire, late Deputy Ranger of the House Park at Windsor, for Hay for the Deer -

The King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms, to answer their Claims of Largess Money Edward Willington, Esquire, Receiver of Taxes for the County of Brecon -

Moseley Bennett, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road The several Sheriffs of England and Wales, for passing their Accounts - - .

Sir Jeffrey Elves, Knight, Treasurer to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Ann, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy - -

Sir Thomas Harrison, Knight, Chamberlain of the City of London -Stephen Martin Leake, Esquire, and others, for Fees claimed by them upon Occasion of the Prince of Wales's assuming his State as Knight of the Garter -Christopher Loft, Esquire, late Deputy Ranger of the House Park at John Earl of Ashburnkam, Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring -William Earl of Strafford, Farmer of the Poll Fines -

Jane Hardinge, Widow and Executrix of Nicholas Hardinge, for printing the Journals of the House of Commons ——

Samuel Wilfbn, Gentleman, for incident Charges in the Lottery 1758

Samuel Smith, and Richard Stevenson, Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, for joining Tallies -

The Governors and Guardians of the Foundling Hospital -Rickard Chefyn, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of fmpofts

Philip Sharpe, Gentleman, for the Under Clerks of the Privy Council -The Commissioners of the Lottery

Henry Earl of Pembroke, for the Pay of the Militia for the County of Wilts Anthony Earl of Shaftsbury, for Pay of the Militia for the County of Dorset Peregrine Bertie Duke of Ancafer, for the Pay of the Militia for the County of Lincoln Robert Ord, Esquire, Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, in Augmentation of his Salary -

Edward Edlin, One of the Barons of the said Court, the like John Maule, Esquire, another ... the like

James Erskine, Esquire, another - - - the like

John Grant, Esquire, another - the like

John Nicholls, Esquire, to reimburse Expences -

James Reynolds, for his Services in several Lotteries -

Thomas Baskett, for printing Acts of Parliament, Proclamations, &c.

William Hocker, Gentleman, Deputy Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London, for incident Charges ——

Robert Craige, Esquire, Lord PreCdent of the Session of Scotland, in Augmentation of his Salary for the Year 1758 -

Andrew Fletcher, Esquire, One of the Lords of Session there, the like Sir Gilbert Elliott, Baronet - another - - the like

L S.

120 —

3° —

160 —

80 —

120 —

60 —

240 —

70 —

20 —

40 —

40 —

40 —

60 —

40 —

10 —

120 —

40 —

80 —

90 —

120 —

120 —

40 —

80 —

80 —

5° —

120 —

5° —

160 —

40 —

130 —

80 —

5° —

x8o —

»»397 8

IS —

241 16

6$ —

4,000

14,800 —

1,000 —

120 —

255 9

335 —

611

778 16

2>35°

77 16

40,000 —

96 12

300 —

7,000 —

52S —

420 —

420

300 —

200

200 —

200 —

200 —

10,520 *7

100 —

7,626 16

36 -

300 —

200 —

200 —

d.

To

10 Geo. III.

12® Januarii.

To A'exandet Frazier, Esquire - - another - the like *

Charles Arijkine, Esquire - another - the like

Patrick Boyle, Esquire - another - the like

George Sinclair, Esquire - another - - the like

Henry Home, Esquire - another - the like

Alexander Bofzvell, Esquire - another - the like

William Grant, Esquire another - the like *

Robert Pringle, Esquire another - the like

Andrew M'Dozvell, Esquire another - - the like

George Carre, Esquire - another the like

George Brown, Esquire another - - the like

Robert Wood, Esquire, to reimburse Expences - - *

The Officers and Clerks of the Tally Court for levying Tallies -

Richard Jephfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers

The Clerks of the House of Peers -

The Clerks of the House of Commons -

Roger Long, D.D. Lowndes's Astronomical and Geometrical Professor in the University of Cambridge -

Wentworth Odiame, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons John Lord Viscount Bateman, for his Equipage as Mailer of the Buck Hounds Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, for Printing, for the Service of the House of Commons -

Robert Nunn, for catching and carting Deer in Windsor Forttt. - -

The Representatives of Sir James Ferguson, late One of the Lords of Session in Scotland, in Augmentation of his Salary ——

Robert Tates and others, for their Attendance in enquiring after the original Standard of Weights and Measures -

Stephen Martin Leake, Esquire, Garter King at Arms, to defray his Expences in carrying over the Ensigns of the Order of the Garter to Ferdinand Duke of Brunswick Jane Hardings, Widow of Nicolas Hardinge, for his Pains in preparing Copies of the

Journals of the House of Commons - -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of his Majel^’s Exchequer John Walker, Esquire, Ulher.of the Court of Exchequer -George Schutz, Esquire, to pay Bills at Richmond Lodge -

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies, for Signior

Minister from the Republic of Venice ——

Annuities, Allowances, &c.

To Allen Lord Bathurst, Treasurer to his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland -

Her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales -

Nicholas Herbert, Esquire, Treasurer to her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia -The Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer -Henry Bi/fon Legge, Esquire, Chancellor of his Majesty’s Exchequer - -

Charles Lowndes, Esquire, and others, Clerks of his Majesty’s Treasury -Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of the Treasury -Charles Palmer, and others, for their Attendance in the Treasury - -

Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records relating to forfeited Estates in England -Dr. Robert Smith, Mailer of Mechanics to his Majesty -

Richard Hamond, Esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer -

Edward Le Grand, Esquire, Treasurer to Prince William Henry, and Prince Henry Frederick -

Robert Jennings, Esquire; for Services performed in the Office of Auditor of his Majesty’s Exchequer - -

Bartholomew Lucas, Gentleman, for keeping the Regillers of all public Loans in th laid Office -

John Jackson, Porter, attending the Exchequer Gate -

Abraham Farley, Esquire, Senior Deputy Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Exchequer John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London More to him for Three Clerks ——

William Hocker, Esquire, Chief Clerk in the Keeper of Records Office in the Tower Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer More, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chejle &c. on his Allowance, and in Augmen tation of his Salary -

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of Chester, the like John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, tsV. D*

John Harvey, Esquire, Second Justice of D®

Rogers Holland, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, &

Daines Barrington, Esquire, Second Justice of D®

William Noel, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D°

The Judges of England, in Augmentation of their Salaries Vol. 32.

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

5*7

loo _____

200 — . _ 200 — __

200 — -___

200 — 1___

200 — ____

200 -

200 < — __

200 -

200 — < __ 200 — _

533 *4 — 99* 16 — 97 to — 400 -

97°----

1*280 — — .

463 1* to

700 — —

323 11 — ,

9* 14 —

loo -- —

300 — —

3,000 — — . 10,163 5 7

t*oot 11 3

3*56 16 2|

330-----

40.000 — —

15.000 -

7.000 — _

12, COO --- .

8.000 — -__

1,600 — — 1,800 — —

200 --- _

200 — - m

7CO ——

112 IO — 20© — . _ 112 IO — 60----

1,000-----

loo — —

50-----

20-----

500 -

150-----

loo -

420 — — 480 — _

550----

550----

55a----

550----

200 -- — .

To

5l8

12° -Jartuarii.

A. 177 o.

To Thomas Earl of Kinnonl, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster *

John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent

Robert Earl of Hoidernesse, One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State

William Pitt, Esquire, another -

Arthur Onslow, Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons -The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom

John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the aSove Commissioners, for himself and Clerks -

More, for incident Charges ——

Henry Earl of Rochford, Groom of the Stole to his Majesty -

Thomas Lord Fauconberg, One of the Gentlemen of his Majesty’s Bedchamber -

Robert Duke of Manchester - - - - another -

Henry Earl of Lincoln ----- another - -

John Earl of Afliburnham - - - - another -

Francis Earl of Hertford ----- another - -

Charles Marquis of Rockingham - another -

John Earl of Hyndford - another - -

Hugh Earl of Northumberland - another -

George Earl of Coventry ----- another - -

Peregrine Duke of Ancafler - - - - another -

Ann Holies Earl of Essex ----- another - -

George Earl of Orford ----- another -

John Earl of Btickinghamshire - another -

George Duke of St. Alban s, £. 1,000 a Year - -

William Finch, Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houshold -

John Duke of Rutland, £. 1,540 a Year -

Edward Earl of Warwick and Holland, £. 800 a Year -

Sir Robert Rich, Baronet, One of the Grooms of his Majesty’s Bedchamber John Clavering, Esquire ----- another -

John Campbell, Esquire ----- another - -

John Offley, Esquire - - - another -

John Moyflon, Esquire - - - another - -

Edward Cornwallis, Esquire - - - - another - -

John Waldegrave, Esquire - another -

Henry Seymour Conzvay, Esquire - another -

Sir Henry Erskine, Baronet, Keeper of his Majesty’s Private Roads - -

Samuel Lord Sandys, on £.1,566. 13. 4. a Year -

Richard Lord Edgecumbe, on £. 1,200 a Year -

John Tracy Atkins, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer -William Duke of Devonshire, Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houshold Hugh Earl of Marchmont,£. 1,500 a Year -

James Lord Somerville, £.800 a Year -

John Earl of Hopetoun - D° -

John Earl of Futlater D° -

Alexander Earl of Galloway D° -

John Earl of Hyndford - D°

Sc holt 0 Lord Aberdour - D° -

William Earl of Sutherland,£.500 a Year -

George Campbell, to be dispoted of for his Majesty’s Service -

Thomas Grant, Esquire, on £. 400 a Year - -

Norman Macleod, Esquire - D° ——

Lord George Hay - -D° -

George Earl of Crawford, £. 350 a Year -

Donald Lord Raey, jf.300 a Year - -

William Earl of Home, £. 200 a Year -

John Earl of Kintore -D° ——

James Lord Forbes -D" ——

The Executors of Lord Rollo D° ——

John Lord Gray - -D0 ——

Alexander Lord Banff" - D#

Andrew St. Clair, Esquire D° ——

Lady Catharine Weymefs, £. 100 a Year -

Lady Mary Campbell, £. 50 a Year ——

William Chetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Plays, Interludes, Cs -

Edward Capell, Esquire, Deputy Examiner of D° -

Sir Henry Bellenden, Knight, Gentleman Usher Black Rod -

William Duke of Cumberland, Ranger of Windsor Forest -

More, for holding Swanimote Courts -

The Under Keepers of Cranburne Chafe -

John Scott and Thomas Dring, Keepers of the Council Chamber -

John Earl Tilney, Warden of Waltham Forest -

The Princess Amelia, Ranger and Keeper of Richmond Park -

Mary Magdalen Taylor, Keeper of his Majesty’s Wardrobe at Hampton Court - -

John Ibbutt, Messenger attending the Printing Press - -

William Kemp, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General at New York -

John Lord Chedworth, Constable of the Forest of Dean -

A- r. <L

1,500 — — -

1,500 — —

1,850 — —

1,850 — —

2,000 — —

8,000 — —

1,150 — —

1,488 11

2,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

j,oooo — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

75° — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 —

1,000 — —

600 — —

1,54° — —

800 — —

5°o — —

500 — —

500 — —

5° 0 —

500 — —

500 —

500 — —

500 — —

75 16 8

967 17

441 7 4

100 — —

3,000 — —

1,500 — —

800 — —

860 — —

800 — — 1

8 co — —

800 — —

800 — —

500 — —

600 — —

200 — —

400 — —

400 — —

35° — —

300 — ——

200 — —

67 10 8

200 — —

33 19 Si

200 — ——

200 — —

247 l3 $

100 — —

5° — —

400 —

200 — —

200 — —

537 9 Ill

40 —

3° — —

73 — — *

270 — —

178 10 —

18 5 —

60 —

150 — —

135 9 10 Tq

io Geo. III. 12° Jantiarti,

To Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of tho Foreign Estreats in the Court of Common fleas

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Claries Pratt, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General Henry Mafierman, Esquire* King’s Clerk in the Crown Office - *

Mathevo Lord Ducie Moreton, Constable of the Forest of Dean The Corporation of Lyme Regis -

John Earl of Ashburnham, Ranger of Hyde Park -

More, as Keeper of St. James's Park - - - - *

The Clerks of the Privy Council -

John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter -Henry Folkss, Esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath James Bradley, D.D. f. 250 a Year -

The Mayor of Macclesfield for a Preacher -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries -Lionel Cranfield Duke of Dorset, Constable of Dover Castle -

Philip Carterett Webb, Esquire, Solicitor of his Majesty’s Treasury John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -Abraham Farley, Esquire, and John Borlace, Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer William Davis, Gentleman, for the Servants of the late Princess Carolina Henry Yelverton, Esquire, late One of the Commissioners of the Duties on Wine Licences Henry Harris, Esquire - - - - another - -

Philip Meadows, Esquire - another -

James Ramsden, Esquire - - - another -

William Adams, Esquire ... another *

John Pierson, late Cashier in the above Office -

Charles Bembridge, Secretary and Comptroller in the said Office - -

Gilbert Eafi, Esquire, Comptroller General in the said Office -

Ann Park, Housekeeper in the said Office ——

Samuel Leamen, et al. Messengers in the said Office - -

Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight - - - D® -

Charles Torke, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General -

John Reade, Esquire, Clerk Assistant in the House of Commons - -

The Clerks and Ministers of the Exchequer -

Mathew Lamb, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -

Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pells - -

Robert Cholmondeley, Esquire, Surveyor and Auditor General of all his Majesty’s Lands

arising in America - - - 7 - -

Sir 'Thomas Robinson, Baronet, late Governor of Barbadoes - -

Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of Antigua - -

Benjamin Carpenter, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Montserrat - - - -'

Corbyn Morris, Esquire, Agent for the Island of Newfoundland - -

William Popple, Esquire, Commander in Chief of the Bermuda Islands -

Charles Pinfold, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of Barbadoes -George Thomas, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Carribbee Islands ——

Arthur Dobbs, Esquire, Governor of North Carolina -

- LauncelotStory, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Nevis -

Gilbert Fleming, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St. Christopher - William Henry Littelton, Esquire, Governor of South Carolina - -

William Shirley, Esquire, Governor of the Bahama Islands -

Messengers.

To Edward Bryant, Messenger of his Majesty’s Chamber -

John Jones, John Oldnall, Peter Dubourg, and John Walker, the Four Messengers at

tending the Receipt of Exchequer -John Jones, One of the above Messengers, for travelling Charges - Peter Dubourg - - - - another, for D® -

John Oldnall - - - another, for D® -

John Walker - - - another, for D® -

John Bright, One of the Messengers in the Court of Exchequer, for travelling Charges Devereux Davis - - another, for D* -

Thomas Potter - - another, for D® -

William Colebrooke - another, for D*.....- -

Henry Ballotve - - another, for D® - -

George Hall, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer George Sanderson - - another - -

Fees, Perpetuities, tec.

To the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bills ——

More, on their Fees -

Henry Bitfon Legge, Esquire, Chancellor of his Majesty’s Exchequer - - .

Vol. 32. 6 R.

19

jC* s. di -

S3 6 8 115 10 —

75----

1*4 n a*

too — . — . 400 —

90----

400 -6. —

570 5 ~ 500 — — 256 —

50 — aoo — — 100 — — 4,100 —

1.000 — .

60 —

80 —

500 — — 500 — — 500 — — 500 — . — 500 — —

500-----

80-----

130 — — . 300 — — 20 — —

55 — 25 — —

72 14 9i 115 10 — 200 — —

35-----

40-----

200 — —

195 4

250 — — 800 — — >

aoo — — 200 — — >

3 00 — — 425 1,500 — —

1,200 -

1.000 — — 3OO — — 200 — —

1,250 -

*30 13 8%

60 16 8

392-----

286 7 6

485-----

216 7 6

47* — — 44 ~ — 128 — — -128 — — 146 13 4

133 6 238 5 —

238 5 —

5,900-----

786 — 8 200 — — To

520

12° Januarii.

To John Tracey Atkins, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer -

George Earl of Kitmoul, £.1,000 a Year -

Timas Holies Duke of Newcastle, for the Use of the Princess Royal -

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland -

William Fitxhcrbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s House keeper at Newmarket -Thomas Graham, Gentleman, Apothecary in Ordinary to his Majesty -William Woodford, M. D. Reader of Physic in the University of Oxford Jane Keen, his Majesty’s Housekeeper at Kenfingten -

The Fellows of Eton College ——

Charles Fitzroy Scudamore, Esquire, Master of his Majesty’s Tennis Court -Sir Clement Cotierell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries -

Sir Thomas Allin, Baronet, and Wentworth Odiarne, Esquire, Two of his Majesty’s

Serjeants at Arms ——

John Earl of Ashburnham, Ranger of 5/. James's Park -

John Finch, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

William De Grey, Esquire Thomas Sewell, Esquire -Edward Willes, Esquire. John Perrott, Esquire Henry Gould, Esquire -Fletcher Norton, Esquire Richard Afion, Esquire -Eliah Harvey, Esquire -Henry Banks, Esquire Sir Richard Lloyd, Knight

another

another - - - - .

another -

another - -

another -

another -

another -

another -

another -

another -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary - -

George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Windsor Castle - - - - ' ’-

The King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms -

George Duke of St. Alban's, Master of his Majesty’s Hawks -

Andrew Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the State Papers at Whitehall - *

The King’s Serjeants at Arms ——

Richard Stonehewer, Esquire, Knight Harbinger to his Majesty - -

Richard Earl Ttmple. Keeper of the Privy Seal -

John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre of the South Side of Trent -Charles Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant Master of the Ceremonies -

D* - - - Master of the Ceremonies -

William Earl of Derby, and others, for the poor Ministers of the Isle of Man Harry Burrard, Esquire, Ranger of New Forefi - -

Samuil Horsey, Esquire, Gloucester King at Arms - -

The Heirs of Nicolas Tates -

The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax -

The University of Oxford -

Thomas Major, Gentleman, Engraver of Seals to his Majesty -

Robert Jentter, L.D. Reader of Laws in the University of Oxford

The Clerks of his Majesty’s Privy Council -

William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Privy Council Records -

The Churchwardens of St. John Baptist -

George Onslow, Esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

Thomas Wynne, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Court of Exchequer

Henry Shelley and Michael Warden, Esquires, who aft as the other -

The Maybr and Corporation of Berwick -

Richard Lord Edgecumbe, Chief Justice in- Eyre on the North Side of Trent The Executors of D° ——

Charles Torke, Esquire, his Majesty’s Solicitor General -

The Matters of Southwell Grammar School - -

ShalletTurner, Esquire, Profelfor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge -The Vicars of Litchfield- ——

John Scott and Thomas Dring, Keepers of the Council Chamber -John Brifiow, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London »

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Watchmen " of the Exchequer ——

' William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenue

Henry Darber Gardiner, Clerk of the Nichells in the Court of Exchequer The Dean and Chapter of St. Peter, Westminster -

The Judges of England - -

The Matters in Chancery - - - - .

William Noel, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -Sir Martin Wright, Knight, £. i,oooo a Year -Chrifi's Hospital ——

The Officers of the Ordnance - - - , -

William Aifiabie, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest

The Officers of the Board of Works - -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General -

1770.

s.

163/ 6 *>OOo — ^SOq —

aS» oooo —

20q _

ltS —

*3 14 3oo —

d.

8

6

42 — —

*32 3 4

50-----

200 — —

200 I< —

892 17 6

40'-----

40-----

40----

4o----

ho — —

40-----

40-----

57 9 47 *7 9jt 40-----

40----

80----

*8a I© —

428 — 3* *372 10 —

I60 ---- —

803-----

244 13 4

365 -

166 13 4

83 13 4

l45 9 1

too — — -

50a — —

40----

too — —

too __ —

36 13 4 JO — —

40-----

t»OOo — ---

joo — - — 15 6 8

600----

400 — — 300 — — too — —

*5----

*1 15 7*

70----

ro-----

400 — —

*5----

91 5 —

136 *7 6

3* S — "

too — - —

20 —:

60 < — --

21,500 — — I,too — — -730 — —

JOO----

1,000 -

370 10 —; *52 10 4

66 is 4 266 8 1

800 — —

To

io Geo. Ill

12° Januani.

521

To Robert Earl of Holdemefs, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Woods The Executors of Charles Duke of Marlborolate Master of the Ordnance John Allen and Benjamin Charlwood, Apothecaries to his Majesty

William Pitt, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State Joseph Spence, A.M. Professor of Modern History in the University of Oxford -

Stephen Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant Master of the Ceremonies John Shelly, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, Ranger of Sawfey Forest -Charles Frewen, Brunfvovck Herald -

Thomas Wright, Esquire, Marshal of the Ceremonies to his Majesty

Samuel Lord Masham, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -

Russell Plumptree, M.D. Reader of Physic in the University of Cambridge Lewis Wat fin, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest - -Sir Henry Erjkint, Baronet, Keeper of Majesty’s Private Roads Charles Pratt, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General The Churchwardens of St. Buttolph Am Blacker by, Housekeeper of the House of Lords Dr. Samuel Nichols, Master of the Temple -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons The Churchwardens of St. Michael, ComhUl.

Samuel Lord Sandyt, Chief Justice in Eyre, on the North Side of Trent Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Robert Barber, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Remembrancer's Office Henry Broomfield, Esquire - - another -

The Clerks in the fiud Office -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Comptroller in the Pipe Office - «.

William Wright fin, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the said Office

Robert Cranmer, Esquire - another -

The Clerks in the Pipe Office - -

John Shuffield Brown, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Heralds -

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Master of the Revels - - - *

The Dean and Chapter of Litchfield -

Rickard Heron, Esquire, Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer The University of Cambridge -

The Master and Fellows of Emamiel College, in the University of Cambridge

The Churchwardens of St. Magnus - -

John Newcombe, S. T. P. Reader of Divinity in the University of Cambridge

C s. d.

too----

IOO — —

48 15 .11$ 53 6 8 150 — — 400 — — 88-----

47 4 2 40' — ' — a6 13 4

50 — r-7 18 8

40----

loo — - —

45 10 ~

8t 6 8

926 37 6 8 10 — —

1 z 4 — 58 8 5*

43 6 8

34 *3 4

10 — —

22 IO —

40----

10 -

IO — -

9 3 4

46 13 4

10 — —

IO — . —

64 2 I

20 — ---

13 4

21 4 8

23 6 8

593»7I9 7 —

Exchequer, the isth'Day of January 1770.

E. Wilford,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been ifilled and pud out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 10th Day of 0Bober 1752 to the 10th Day of October 1760; distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 10th Day of OBobtr 1759 to The 10th Day of October 1760.

Privy Purse.

To Edward Finch, Esquire -

Secret and Special Service. To Robert Earl of Holdernesse -

William Pitt, Esquire -

James Wefi, Esquire - - - _ -

Samuel Martin, Esquire - -

Band of Pensionen.

To Salufbury Cade, Esquire -

President of the Council. To John Earl Granville -

Vol. 32.

£ * d.

2.000 — —

3.000 — — 50,520 14 — 19,000 — —

jC*

36,000 —

d.

66,520 14 —

6,000 — —

4,oooo~-

Keeper

52*

To Richard Earl Temple

12° Janttdrii.

Keeper* of the Privy Seal.

Matter of the Jewels. To- Sir Richard Lyttelton, Knight of the Bath -

To John Boldero

King’s Goldfinith.

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever; viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys, f

To George William Earl of Bristol, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic

King ....

Rupigny de Cofne, Esquire, Secretary to the above Embody -

Joseph Yorke, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United . Provinces ——

Sir James Gray, Baronet,.Envoy Extraordinary to the King of the Two Sicilies Walter Titley, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark ... David Lord Viscount Stormont, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Poland ——

Robert Keith, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress of

James Stuart Mackenzie; Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia Andrew Mitchell. Esquire, Minister at the Court of Prussia -Philip Stanhope, Esquire, -Resident with the Hans Towns in Germany John Murray, Esquire, Resident to the Republic of Venice - -

Arthur Villettes, Esquire, Minister to the Swiss Cantons «-----

Colonel John Clavering, who was appointed to go to the Court of the Landgrave of Hejfe James Porter, Esquire, Commissary to the Emperor of Germany -Burrington Goldfwwthy, -Consul at Port} St. Mary and Cadiz

Michael Hatton, Esquire, Consul at the Ports of Offend, , and Bruges

Charles Gordon, Esquire, Consul at Tunis -

Joseph Popham, Esquire, Consul General at Tetuan - -

Robert White, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli - - - - .

I fa acJamineau, Esquire, Consul General at Naples -

Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Algiers -

John Burnaby, Esquire, on 30J. a Day -

Charles Holzendorff, Esquire, for Services performed to his Majesty in foreign Parts Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, during such Time qs he shall be employed in his Majesty’s Service at Berlin ——

Brinley Skinner, Esquire, on 30/. a Day - -

Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Resident with the Great Duke of Tuscany -Edward Hay, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Mott Faithful King -

Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, Resident at the Court of the King of Sweden . -Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Minister at the Court of Brussels - - - - ->

Robert Campbell, Esquire, Resident at the Court of Sweden -Thomas Earl of Kinnoul, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Mott Faithful King -

Executors of Onslow Burrish, Esquire, late Resident in the Austrian Low Countries Stonier Porten, Esquire, Consul at Madrid ——

Ralph Woodford, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraardinaries.

To Edward Stephenson, Esquire, lateSheriff of the County of Cumberland, for an Over Payment \Edward Palmer, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Leicester - D*

Nicolas Archer, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Cornwall - D*

Robert Gibson, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Lancaster - " - D*

Denis Fairer Hillerfdon, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Bedford - D*

Robert Whitbread, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Lancaster - D*

Rowland Pitt, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Monmouth - D*

George Montgomery, Esquire, Sheriff of the Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon D' James Danbridge and Alexander Masters, Esquires, Sheriffs of London and Middlesex D' John Amphlett, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of -

Sir NigilGrefley, Baronet, Sheriff of the Oount)rof Stafford Samuel Griffith, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Salop -Thomas Hall, Esquire^ Sheriff of the County of Southampton -Henry Powell, Esquire, Sheriff of the County "of Somerset - -

John Osborn, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Bucks - -

John Margenfon, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of ex *

liamond Alpe, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Norfolk - -

- - Nicolas Gould, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Dorset - -

Shukburgh Afiby, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Leicester -

- James Coble, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Sttffex -

John SenhouJ'e, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Cumberland - .

Sir George Smith, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Nottingham

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D#

D°

D*

D*

D-

A. 1770.

£. 1. J.

2*639 -

790 — rnm.

4,688 to 3

4,860 — —

1.130 -

3>464 7 3

3,037----

2.130 -

4*778 -

3,528----

2,230 — —

2,952 -

M37 *8 —

M98----

1,711 6 10

960 ——

1.098 — — 200 — — 200 — — 500 — —

6 co ——

630----

200 — —

1,194 1 6

549 ~ —

400 — — -

300 — —

549 ~ —

1,778----

2.130 -

*,398 — —

1.098 — —

69----

4,900-----

520 13 9*

250 — —

484----

8 t 9 40 19 10 55 18 9

55 10 — 53 1* 9 59 *0 — 18 11 8

42 1 10

322 7 — 67 17 6 7 4

3* *5 7i

58 6 10

\ 1 1 16 19

84 — 8

95 4' 5 7 5 11 21 12 10 6164 63 l6 3

34 2 3

To

j Geo. III. la6 yanuarii GrotiOw Owen, towards the Charge of his Passage to Virginia - & im. t- 20 54$ j. d.

Alexander Rh - m D# - - - m m 20 — —

Thomas Warton - _ D* to Barbadoes - m m ' - TO — —

Joseph Collinfon - - I)° to Virginia - - - 20 " — »

John Bowens - - D* to Antigua m m - 20 — —

William Thompjbn - - D® to PenJ'ylyania - m .20 — —

Robert Harris . D* to Barbadoes - - am 40 ~ — *

Thomas Price m t>® to Virginia , m ao — "

Abraham Immer m Vf to South Carolina . - 20 —: —

Patrick Lunan — m - D* to Virginia. - a 9.0 — — 1*

Delahay Reece m mm -m D* to St. Christophers - Urn - 20 — "

Janies Greaton m — D* t o New England - - - ad " —

Jacob Bailey m m D* - 40

Andrew Morton TV tp New jersey m - - 10

William Barrol - D* to Maryland - - m J 20

« by

a&iOg

D*

D*

D®

n®

D®

D®

D#

D®

D*

D#

D*

D"

D®,

d®

D®

D®!

D®_

D®_

D®

D°

D®

6

SenjamiH Avery - - - D* -

COrpmUtion of Lyme Regis - - - 0* -

Francis Lord Hawley - - D* - -

Charles Hatton, Esquire, - - - - D*

George Mackenzie Quin, Esquire, - - D*

William Ellis, Gentleman - - D®

Elizabeth Collins' - - - - 0*

Ann Smallbridge - -' - - - D* - __ -

Sir Charles Cotter ell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty, so Prince Sameyerino Albertini - -

Mori, for the Marquis UAbrew - -

Jfjues Reynolds, for his Service in several Lotferiw - -

The Royal Bank of Scotland, to be applied in paying and discharging the Debts upon the Lands and Estate of Perth -

Robert Lord Henley, for hi's Equipage, (Ac. as High Steward - . - [ -

Stephen Martin Leake, Esquire, Garter Principal Kin£ at Apris, for the Fees arud Charge attending the installation of his Serene Higlmefs Prince Ferdinand of BrunJw'nk . l ord George BeaUclerk, Ranger of Bagshot Raus - - - _ - ,u_-

Jatnet Abercromby, Esquire, for the Use of the Province of for Servic

them personcted", by putting the said Province'in a State of Defence, and by with Vigour againfr the'Enemy - i./ r r -

More to him, for the Province of North Caroli, for the like Services, Samuel Smith, Esquire,’ for D* -

Joseph Wright, Esquire, for the Province of South for D"

JointThtimlinfon, Esquire, for the Province of New Hampshire 'm North D*

The Province of New York ih North America -The Province of Afajjachujets Bay in North America

Andrdw Drummond and Company, for the Province of America

Majot Richard Maitland, for bringing the News of the railing the Sleee of Quebe William Davis, Gentleman, to reimbiirfe Expences, and pay Bills of Exchange John Larpint, Esquire, for his Majesty’s Special Service More to him, for the Relief of Foreign Protestants Governors and Guardians'of the Foundling Hospital Thomas Baskett, for printing Acts of Parliament, (Ac.

Arthur Vcotfittart, Esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park - - .

The Chamberlain of the City of London, towards repairing London Bridge James Modiford Heywood, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Devon, for Conviction of’ Felons ——

Richard Fuller, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Norfolk Droid Lewis, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Warwick . -John Dowding, Gentleman," Under Sheriff of London and Middlesex Samuel Harrfon, Esquire,' Sheriff of the County of Chester

Thomas Hall, Junior, Esquire, Sheriffof the County of Southampton -William Norris, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Wilts Anthony Swymmer, Gentlemah, Under Sheriff of the City of John Jackson, Esquire, Sheriff of the Cotinty of Cambridge -Thomas Travers, Esquire, Shenffof the County of Samuel Dix, Esquire, Sheriff of the City of Exeter -

Thomas Thorowgood, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Suffolk Baker Coleman, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Bedford - -

Edward Clarke, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Oxford Charles Wymondefold, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Berks Benjamin' Truman, Esquire,’Sheriff of the County of John Chatfield, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Surrey

IVWiam Bennett, Esquire, Sheriffof the County of Southampton.

Sir William Yea, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Somerset *

Afcoft Bickford, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Devon: -Thomas Jones, Esqfuire, Sheriff of thejCoUnty of Salop - -

John Nickol, Esquire,* Under Sheriff of the Cityof London - - Vpt. ja.

400 — — 8pO — — IOO — —

100 — — 1 400 — — ‘ 100 — — 850-----

IOO — — IOO — —

384 II —

545 *« —

IOO — —

72,410 15 9i

1,000 — —

*5a *5 2 7°-----

8,814 19 —

3.894 10 7

3.894 10 7

9,914! 19 10

A643 »4 4 43,069 13 —

59*575 — — 9,166. — — 3Q0 — — *6,173 4 1 224 — 6

300 — —

40.000 — — 5>3*4' 4 9

322 $ —

15.000 — —

190 — —

60-----

10 — — 170 — —

40-----

80-----

170 — — 10 — —

50-----

60-----

10 — — 120 — — 40 — —

40-----

40 — —

"40 ;----

80----

40-----

4®- —

HO — —

39 > — *-aco — —

T»

524

12® Janua

To Thomas Saunders, Esquire, Sheriff off he County of Bucks, for Conviction of Felons -John Hartwell, Esquire, Sheriff of the City of Litchfield D®

Elizabeth Fortune, Widow and Executrix of Fortune, Esquire, deceased, late

Receiver General of the Taxes for the County of Monmouth Thomas Mainwaring, Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes for the Counties of

Anglesea, (Be. - - - .

Joseph Wight, et al. Clerks of the House of Peers - -

Wentworth Odiarne, Esquires, Serjeant at Arms attending} thcHouse of Commons Bichard Jephfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the Hoyfe of Peers -

The Officers and Clerks of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -Sir Jeffry Elwes, Knight, Treasurer to the'Governors Of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy . *-

The several Sheriffs of England and Wales, to bear their Expends of passing their Accounts John Stewart, Gentleman, for Transportation of Felons , -

Philip Adolph Baron de Munchdufen, to defray the Charge of the Augmentation of the

— Light Troops in the Combined Army under the Command of Prince Ferdinand of

Brunswick - - - r- - -

More to him, for his Majesty’s Special Service -

— Francis 'Davis, Esquire, Receiver General of Taxes for the County of - -

Captain Sir James Douglas, Knight, for bringing an Account of the Surrender of Quebec

~ Colonel John Hale - ----- D® - -

Major Francis Halkett, for bringing an Account of the taking Possession of Fort Du Qitejhe - - -

Captain Matthew Buckle;for bringing an Account of the Victory obtained by our Fleet

- - - over the French Squadron ——

Captain John Campbell, for bringing an Account of the Victory obtained over the Brefi Squadron -

Sir Thomas Harrison, Knight, Chamberlain of the City of London, for the Poor of the said City - ’ -

The Province or Colony of Comeflicut in North for the Expence incurred in the , Levying, Clothing, and Pay of the Troops raised by the said Colony - -

Richard Robinson, Esquire; his Majesty’s Confectioner, to defray f Part of the Expences of the Entertainment at the late Inflallatxon - -

' John Bristow, Gentleman, to reimburse the like Sum by him expended as Keeperof

- the wild Beasts in the Tower - -r - -

Peter Davall, Esquire, 'Vice President of the Royal Society, to be paid over, and applied to such Persons as shall be by the said Society employed in making.Observations of the Transit of the Planet Venus over fheSun -

Samuel Wright, for the Rent of a Messuage in Whitehall, for the XJfe of the Privy Seal Office - " - " - - " -. ' -

Jeremiah Dyson, et al. Clerks of the House of Commons - - - - -

John Lord viscount Bateman, for his Expences as Master of the Buck Hounds - -

Commissioners of the Lottery in 1759

Robert Nunn, for catching and carting of Deer in Windsor Forest Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, for Printing, (Be. for the Service of the House of Commons Philip Adolph Baron de Munchaufen, for the foie and separate Use of his Majesty’s dearly beloved Daughter the Princess Mary Landgravine of Hesse Cajfel -

Captain William Fawcitt, for bringing the Account of the Victory obtained over the French near Corbeke ——

Nicolas Magens, Esquire, to be remitted to the Marquis of Granby, for the Hereditary Prince of Brunswick - -- - _ - - - .

The Province of Penfyhania, (Be. for the Expence of Levying, Clothing, and Pay of Troops - -

John Winfiow, Esquire, in Satisfaction of several Sums due to him from several Provinces, for , D* -

The Province or Colony of Rhode Island, (Be. in North America for D* -

Robert Jettning's, et al. in Reward for their Services, (Be. in full Satisfaction of their Charges and Expences, for the disposing of several Tickets in the Lottery 1757 Joseph Richardson, Esquire, -te^ay Bills of Exchange, and reimburse Expences William Earl of Strafford, Farmer of the Poll Fines -

Stephen Martin Leake, Esquire, Garter Principal King at Arms, for his Trouble, Charges, (Be. in carrying abroad the Habit, (Be. of the Order of the Garter, and inventing the rewith Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick -.....-

Samuel Wilson, Gentleman, to clear the Expences of Lotteries -

Philip Sharpe, Gentleman, for the Under Clerks of the Privy Seal -

- Samuel Smith and Richard Stevenson, Deputy Chamberlains of his Majesty’s Exchequer,

for joining of Tallies ——

Richard Cheflyn, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Impost upon Wines - - - -' - -

William Duncanon, towards the Charge of his Passage to the Bahama Ilia nds James Semple - - - - D* - to Virginia -

Samuel Keene - - - - B* - to Maryland -

Richard Hewitt - - - D* - to Virginia

- George Schutz, Esquire, to pay Bills at Richmond Lodge -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer

A. 1770.

if. d. 40 — — 10 — —

96 12 i

443 10 —

400-----

479 19 4 97 10 —

i#i6i —

14,900 — — 4,000 — - —

*035 -

*3>549 19. 38,846 10 — 228 19 6

coo — — 500 — —

500-----

500 —

500 —

1.000 — -

41,006 11 4

690 17 — . 91 10 —

800 — > —

102 n 6

97°----

700 — —

7,300 -

81 15 —

200 19 - 6

5.000 — — 500 — —

5,364 2 6

*9.993 -

*»34i 7 — ' 8,658 14 4

702 4 — a»j*3 — 6 533 3?

3°o.----

2,800 — — 300----

11Q 3 --

96 12 ---

20-----

20-----

20 — *

20 —

3,118 14 —

9.450 8 9i

lo

tp Gfio. Ill*

i 2° Janudrii.

'X

*To John Walker, Esquire, Usher of the Court of Exchequer - -

Mojley Bennett, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road -

- - John Earl of Ashburnham, Ranger and Keeper of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring

Annuities, Allowances, (dc»

to Her Royal Highness the Printefs Dowager of - - - - - ’ -

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland - -

Nicholas Herbert, Esquire, Treasurer to her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia -

- The Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury -

Henry Bilson Legge, Esquire, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer ——

- - Charles Lowndes, et al. Clerks of his Majesty’s Treasury " -

- Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary - ‘ - -

- - Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of the Treasury -

~ ~ Charles Palmer,\et al. for their Attendance in the Treasury - - - -

-- EdzuardLe Grand, Esquire, Treasurer to Prince William Henry and Prince Henry — — Frederick - - - r -

Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer - -

Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records of the forfeited Estates in England

- - De&or Robert Smith, Master of Mechanics to his Majesty - ’ -

- Abraham Farley, Senior, Deputy Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Exchequer . - -

- Robert Jennings, Esquire, for extraordinary Services by him performed in the Office of ---- Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer - - -

- Bartholomew Lucas, Gentleman, for keeping the Registers of all the public Loans in the said Office ——

j: John Jackson, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate - -

John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London -More to him for Three Clerks ——

— William Hocker, Gentleman, and his Executors, late Chief Clerk in the said Office -

- - Henry Rooke, Gentleman, Chief Clerk in D# - . - .

Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer

- Mord, as Keeper of the Records in4he Chapter House at Westminster - - .

- -His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales - -

— John Poflen., Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, idc. -

— Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D* - -

- - John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, - -

— John Harvey, Esquire, Second Justice of D® - -

— Rogers Holland, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, fisfr. -

— Haines Barrington, Esquire, Second Justice of D* - -

— Thomas Earl of Kinnoul, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster - — John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre oh the South Side of Trent Robert Earl of Holdcrnesse,'One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State

William Pitt, Esquire, another - -

— Arthur Onslow, Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons -

The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom - - - .

John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners - — i William Henry Earl of Roch/ord, Groom of the Stole to his Majesty -

- Thomas Lord Viscount Fanconberg, One of the Gentleman of his Majesty’s Bedchamber

I Robert Duke of Manchester - another

Henry Earl of Lincoln - - another -

- John Earl of Ashburnham - - - another -

Francis Earl of Hertford - - - 'another

Charles Marquis of Rockingham - - another -

-John Earl of Hyndford - - 'another -

Hugh Earl of Northumberland - another -

George Earl of Coventry - smother - -

- Peregrine Duke of Ancaster - another -

_ Anne Holies Earl of Essex - smother -

George Earl of Orford - - another -

John Earl of Buckingkamshire - smother -

William Finch, Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houshold -

George Duke of St. Alban's, on £.1,000 a Year -

John Duke of Rutland, on £. 1,540 a Year - . *

Sir Robert Rich, Baronet, One of the Grooms of his Majesty’s Bedchamber John Clavering, Esquire - smother - -

John Campbell, Esquire - - - another -

John Offley, Esquire ... - another -

John Mostyn, Esquire - another

Edward Cornwallis, Esquire - - - smother - -

John Waldegrave, Esquire - - another -

Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire - another -

Richard Savage Nassau, Esquire - smother -

Charles-Fitzroy, Esqurre - - , - another -

John Tracy Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer *

'».. Vol. 3».

4

1,078 1° *

65 - -

33$-----

7,006 — 15,000 — — i 2,060 —

8.000 — ' 1

i,6oo — — ,' 1,800 — — 260 — — 2oo — — 700 — ""

4»°°® ~T 187 10 —

zoo — —

150----

40----

160 — — *

50 — 20 — — .

5OO -

150----

32 *3 S 66 3

420 —

480----1

26,250 — — 400 — ’

400 —

400 — *

400 -

400 — ~~ 400 — '

1,500 — — *

i,50° "

1.850 — —

1.850 — —

2.000 ""

8.000 — ’

2,727 3 1

2.000 *" *

1.000 —

1.000 T — —

1.000 —

1.000 — '

1.000 —

1.000 —

1.000 —

I»25° .

1.000 —

1.000 —

1.000 — lyOOOO —

1.000 --

600----

1.000 — " —

I >54°----

250 — —

500 -

500 —

566 — —

500----

500 — — coo — — *

50O-----

430 3 9t

234 5 9* too -» — T#

t#

I a0 Januarii.

To William^Duke of Devonshire, Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houfhoid ‘Hugh Earl of fifarchmoni, on £. 1,500 a Year James Lord Somerville, on 800 a Year - -

John Earl of Hopetoun

John Earl erf" Ftnlater

Alexander Earl of Galloway JohnJLaxX of Hyndford Scholto Lord Aberdour

WilRciij}Earl of Sutherland, qn /. coo a Year - -

Georj$ Campbell, et*1.to be disposed of by them for his Majesty’s Service

D*

D*

D#

D*

D*

James' Grant, Esquire, oh £.400 a Year

Norman Maeleod, Esquire D* - - - ,

Lord George Hay - - - ID* - . - - *

George Earl of Crawfordj on £.350 a Year - - - . - -

Ddnafdfxtrd Rqey> on£. 300 a Year -

Wiltlpm Earl of Home, on £. 200 a Year - -

James Lord Forbes' D*

John ljord Gray', - - D* - -

" Afexarufer' Lord [Banff - D* -

Andrew St. Clair , - ID* - - ,

Eadjj' Catharine iVemyfs " v ——

Lady Trlary Campbell -

William Chetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Interludes, bfc. -Edward Capell, Esquire, Deputy Examiner of D* -" Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty

Sir Henry Bellenden, Knight, Gentleman Usher Black Rod - .

William Duke of Cimberland. Warden of WindforFoteii Mbr£forhokiing Swauimote Courts - - - m- , -

The Under Keepers of CranbornChafe - -John Scott, et oh Keepers of the Council Chamber — -

John Earl Tilney, Warden of Waltham Forest - -

PVincefs Amelia, as Ranger and "Keeper of Richmond Barl^.

Mary Magdalen {Taylor, Keeper of his Majesty’s Wanlrpbe Hampton Court -John 'fbbutt, Messenger attending the Printing Press - - - ?

'John Earl of Afflmrvham,'Ranger and Keeper of Hyde Park - - - - ,-i

The Ctefks of the Privy Council - -

John Lord Bishop of Saruik, Chancellor of the most noble. Order of the Gaiter Henry Folkes, Esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath -Dr. James Bradley, on £. 250 a Year" -

The Mayor of Macclesfield - - - - . - -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General - -

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries - -

Lionel Crahfield Duke of Dorset, Constable of Dover. Castle -

Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, Solicitor for the Affairs of his Majesty’s Treasury John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe - - - - *

William Davis, Gentleman, for the Servants of the late.Prinqefs Caroline -Henry Yelverton, Esquire, late One of "the Commissioners for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences - -

Henry Harris, Esquire - - - - another - -

Philip Medows, Esquire - - - another -

James Ramsden, Esquire - another -

William Adams, Esquire - another -

John Pierson, late Cashier in the said Office -Charles Bern bridge, late Secretary and Comptroller, in D* _- _- - -

Gilbert Eafi, Elqbire, late "Comptroller General in D®

Ann Park, late Housekeeper to the Commissioners for managing the former Duties on 'Wine Licences ~ - -

Samuel Leaman, et al. Messengers in the said Office -

Samuel Lord Sandys, on jT. 1,566. 131. 4</. a Year - - - .- -

Mathew Lamb, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law - - r - -

Charles Yorke, Esquire, his Majesty’s Solicitor General -

Richard Hamond, Esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer Charles Sloane Cadpgan, Esquire, for Prince Edward

The Corporation of Lyme Regis ... . ....

Abraham Farley, aind John Borlace, Esquires, Deputy Chamberlains of his Majesty’s Exchequer - - - - " *

Ministers and Clerks of the Exchequer - .- - -. - -.

Henry Mafierman, Esquire, Ring’s Clerk in the Crown Office - -

Sir Henry Erskine, Baronet, Keeper of his Majesty’s private Roads

Edward Duke of York - - - y

Charles Pratt, Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Eftaeats in the Court of Exchequer -Nathanael Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Common J*leas,

John Keade, Esquire, "Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons The Executors of John Tinker, Esquire, Governor in Chief of the Bahama Islande -

A. 1770.

jC* t*

-2,000 - —

I,50b----

800 — — 800 — — 800 — — 80O "

800 — —

BOO — -

5OO -

60O —

6<?0 -

400 —

4OO — - — 35O — —

306 — -

200 " 200 — 200 — ~ 20O ~

200 — IOO —

5°----

400 — — 20a — — 100 —

2QOi--- --

537 "1

.40-----

30 — —

73-----

270

178 ib — 18 & —

i 60. — ——

I 400 — — 400. <m»‘ — 570 5: — 500 ~ — 250. — — 25 — —

200. — ---

10a — — 4,100 — 1,000 — — 60 —

5°°-----

coo.

50a — — 50a--- —

375 — —

375 -

8a- — — 130. —

300 — —

20: — 40 — —

1,566 13 4

4o-----

1x5 10 —

40

3*559 9

IOO.- — —

83,^-----

35’ — —

25-----

61.----

1,25a —

115,1a

St 6*

ia — .« — iSf. 9 78

5°5 9,

1

io Geo. III. la"

To William Shirley, Esquire, Governor in Chief of the Bahama Islands -Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pells -

John Lord Chedworth, Constable of the Forest of -

RobertCholmondeley, Esquire, Surveyor and Auditor General of all his Majesty's Revenues arising in America -

Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, late Governor of Barbadoes -

Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of Antigua -

Benjamin Carpenter, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Montserrat Corbyn Morris, Esquire, Agent for Newfoundland, tec.

William Popple, Esquire, Commander in Chief of the Bermuda Islands Charles Pinfold, Esquire, Governor of Barbadoes George Thomas, Esquire, Governor in Chief of the Charibbee Islands Arthur Dobbs, Esquire, Governor of North Carolina -Lancelot Story, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Nevis Gilbert Fleming, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of St. Christophers -William Henry Lyttelton, Esquire, Governor of South Carolina -Thomas Pownall, Esquire, Governor in Chief of South Carolina - *

Messengers.

To Edward Bryant, Messenger of his Majesty’s Chamber - - - - . -

John Jones, John Oldnall, Peter Dubourg, and John Walker, the Four Messengers attending the Receipt of Exchequer -

John Jones, for travelling Charges -

Peter Dubourg - another -

John Oldnall - another -

John Walker - another ——

John Bright, One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer -

Devereux Davis - another - - - *

Thomas Potter - - another - - - ’ - -

William Colcbrooke - another -

Henry Ballozve - - another - -

George Hall, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on his Allowance and travelling Charges -

George Saunderson - another -

Fees, Perpetuities, tec.

To the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bills - -

More, on their Fees - -

Henry Bilson Legge, Esquire, Chancellor of the Exchequer -

George Earl of Kinnoul, on £.1,000 a Year -

John Tracy Atkvns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Exchequer -

John Finch, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

John Earl of Ashbumham, Ranger of St. James's Park -

William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Council Records - -

William Sharpe, Esquire, et al. Clerks of the Privy Council ..

Sir Thomas Allen, Baronet, et al. Serjeants at Arms -

George Duke of St. Alban's, Master of the Hawks to his Majesty - -

John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent -William Fitzherbert, Esquire, Housekeeper at Newmarket -

JaneKein, Housekeeper at Kensington -

Charles Fitzroy Scudamore, Esquire, Master of his Majesty’s Tennis Court

The Fellows of Eton College -

Thomas Graham, Gentleman, Apothecary in Ordinary to his Majesty - , -

Claudius Amy and, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty

Stephen Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant D* -

Thomas Wright, Esquire, Marshall D* - -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary -Thomas Major, Gentleman, Engraver to his Majesty -Joseph Smith, et al. Serjeants at Arms - -

The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax -

Heirs of Tates ——

William Earl Derby, et al. for the poor Ministers of the Isle of Man

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland -

Samuel Horsey, Esquire, Gloucester Herald -

Richard Stonhewer Knight Harbinger -

Richard Earl Temple, Keeper of the Privy Seal - -

Harry Burrard, Esquire, Ranger of New Forest

George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Windsor Castle -

Samuel Lord Sandys, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent - *

George Onslow, Esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

LewisWatfon, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -Stephen Martin Leake, et al. King’s Heralds, tec. -

Vol. 32. T

527

C S. d.

300______

200 — __

*95 8 4 aio — ___

200___- _

too — — 300 — —

*>206 — _ Loooo _* __ 300 — — 306 — — 867 16 if 500 — —

61 _ _

472 — —

a,9 5 — a94 7 6 *7P 10 — 288 — —

U8 — *

*46 13 4 l33 6 8

278 4 — 278 4_

5>900 *mm

786 — 8

30Q 4 —

Loooo — - — 163 6 8 40 — — 89a 176 500 — — Loooo — — 201 6 — *>372 10: — 166 13 4

200 — — 300 — — >32 4 — 42 — —

"5-----

200 — - — 200 ——

122 -

too — — 80-----

5°-----

805 4 — loo — »

IOO — —

IOO ---- —

25,000 — —

40

«47

366

500

183

zoo

Boo

66

4*9.

X9 —

5^8

12° Januarii.

A. 1770.

To Shallet Turner, A.M. Professor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge -

Andrew Slone, Esquire, Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -Dr. Robert Jenner, Reader of Laws in Oxford - -

John Scott, et al. peepers of the Council Chamber -

Henry Gould, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -

Fletcher Horton, Esquire - - another - -

Thomas Sewell, Esquire - - another -' -

Edward Willes, Inquire - - another -

The Corporation of Berwick -

Thomas Wynne, Efiquire, One of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer -

Henry Shelley, et df.who aft as another -

Charles Yorke, Esquire, his Majesty’s Solicitor General -The Corporation of Dartmouth - -

Dr. John Kelly, Reader of Physic in Oxford -

Schoolrnafter of Southwell -

Vicar of Litchfield -

John Brifiow, Geqtleman, Keeper of the Lions, ft in the Tower of London - J

John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Woods -

Judges of England -

William Noel, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester Taylor IVkite, Esquire, Second Justice of D° .

Sir Martin Wright, Knight, on_£. 1,000 a Year ——

The Matters in Chancery -. Heratio'Walpole, Esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Watchjnen -

Henry Banks, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -Henry Darby Gardiner, Gentleman, Clerk of the Nichells -William Aiflabie, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -

William De Grey, Esquire, One df his Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -

The Dean and Chapter of Westminster -’ Chr iJPs Hospital ’ - -

‘ Robert Earl of Halderneje, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State William Pitt, Esquire, another -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General -

William Lowndes, Esquire, One’of the Auditors of the "Land Revenue -Richard Aston, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s 'Counsel at Law -

Eliah Harvey, Esquire, another -

The Officers of the Ordnance -

Joseph Spence, A.M. Professor of Modern History in the University of Oxford -Omcers of the Works -

John Shelly, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe - - - . r -

George Perrot, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -~~John Allen, et al. Apothecaries to his Majesty -

~ Executors of Heneage Legge, Esquire, late One of the Barons of the Exchequer JoTm Waple, Esquire, late One of the Mailers in Chancery - -

'f Samuel Bonner, Esquire, One of the Mailers in Chancery -

__Peter Davall, Esquire '- another - -

Samuel Lord Masham, King’s Remembrancer....

CharUs Frewen, Esquire, Rrunswick Herald - -

John Suffeild 2?row«, Esquire, Blanc Cdurfier Herald - -

Sir Richard Lloyd, Knightj late’One of the Barons of Exchequer - -

Dr. William Ridlington, Reader of Civil Law in Cambridge '- - -

Sir Richard Lloyd, Knight', late One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law.

Edward1 Harby, Vicar of "the Tower - -

Executors of Francis Eld, 'late One of the Mailers in Chancery -

John Browning, Esquire, One oT the Mailers in Chancery - -

Sir Henry Erskine^Baronet, Keeper of his Majesty’s Private Roads - , - -

Dr. RuJJ'ell Plumpfree, Reader df Physick in Cambridge -

__George Dunk Ear) of Halifax, Ranger of Sa Forest -

__ Horatio Walpole, Esquire,"Comptroller of the Pipe - ~ -

William Wrightson, Esquire, One of, the Secondaries in the Pipe Office -

Robert Cranmer, Esquire, another - -

The Churchwardens of Si. Botolph - -

Ann Blackerby, Housekeeper of the House of Peers "~*Dr. Samuel Nichollsl Matter of the Temple .-

Robert fiarber, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s

"^Office*" - - - ’ - - - ’....

CJlarles Pratt, Esquire, his* Majesty’s Attorney General -

*~~Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Mailer of the Revels -....

_Horatio. Walpole, Esquire,'Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer

The Churchwardens of St. Magnus -

The JJhjveifity of Oxford -

The Churchwardens of St. Michael, Cornhill ....

The University of Cambridge ——

Dean 'and Chapter of Litchfield ....

' Matter of Emanuel College -

C a

c s. di

4^0 — —

160 — — -

40 — —

9l 10 —

40 — —

40 — — *

40 — —

40 — —

i 00 — —

400 — —

300 —

70 — —

60 — —

40 H 9i

10 — —

15 — —

*37 5 —

100 - —

’>75° — —

73* —

500 — —

,000 —

,025 366 — —

— —

40 — —

20 —

66 *3 4

40 — —

60 — —

37° 10 —

100 — ——

100 — —

800 — —

ICO — —

40 — —

40 —

43° 8 7

400 — —

262 16 4

67 4 2

40 — —

53 6 8

14a x7

4 7 8

J9 9 — i

9 — *

83 16 —

26 13 4

26 *3 4

4T3 5 3i

120 — . —

23 H 6

13 6 8

16 9 8

7 *9 4

36 12 - —

40 — —

40 — —

40 — —

10 — —

10 — —

7 — —

9 3 — -

37 6 8

26 *3 4

81 6 8

10 — —

43 6 8

21 4 8

23 6 8

12 4 —

10 — —

10 — —

16 *3 4 Jo

io Geo. III.

\2°. Januarii.

529

To Churchwardens of St. John

Richard Heron, Esquire, Treasurer’s Remembrancer Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons Dr. John Newcombe, Reader of Divinity in Cambridge

Exchequer, the 12th Day of January 1770.

E. IVilford.

1 f*- s. d.

- - m — 7 4

— - _ I 1 2 1

- - 1 — i ! . 10 — —

- - - i 13 6 8

£ — O T £

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An A CCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 25th Day of October 1760 to the 25th Day of February 1769} distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 25th Day of October 1760 to the 25th Day of October 1761.

To John Earl of Bute

Privy Purse.

Secret and Special Service. s. d.

To James West, Esquire - -- 47,735 14 6

To Nicolas Magens, Esquire - -- -- - 10,507 17 6

To William Pitt, Esquire - _ - - - - 2,250 — —

To Robert Earl of Ho/dernesse - -- -- - 1,408 6 8

To John Earl of Bute ----- 841 13 4

To Henry Potts, Esquire - 4,139 to 6

Band of Pensioners.

To Salufbury Cade, Esquire ----- 1,500 — —

To Charles Lloyd, Esquire - - - " - 6,000 — —

Prefjdent of the Council-To John Earl Granville -

King’s Goldsmith.

To John Baldero - *

Keeper of the Privy Seal.

To Richard Earl Temple ——

Master of the Jewels.

To Sir Richard Lyttleton, Knight of the Bath - -

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever; viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys,

To Colonel John Clavering, appointed to go to the Court of the Landgrave of Jlejfe, on special Affairs -

George Earl of Bristol, Ambassador to the Catholic King - - - - .

Joseph Tor he, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the States General of the United Provinces ——

Sir James Gray, Baronet, Envoy to the King of the Two Sicilies -

Waiter Titley, Esquire, Envoy tq the King of Denmark -

David Lord Viscount Stormont, Envoy to the King of Polajid

Robert Keith, Esquire, Envoy to the Empress of Russia -

VOL. 32.

I. s. d. 40,000 — —

66,883 2 6

7,500 ——

4,000 — — 19,091 6 6

I»953 5 —

30 3 Si

2,660 — 6,800-----

3*276

3.530

2,499

2,634

3»77®

_7 H

18 —

To

53°

i a6 Januarii.

A. 1770.

To Janies Stewart Mackenzie, Esquire, Envoy to the King of Sardinia -

Andrew Mitchell, Esquire, Minister to the Court of Prussia - -

Philip Stanhope, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns in Germany -"John Murray, Esquire, Resident with the RepubHc of Vmice

Arthur Villettes, Esquire, Minister to the Swiss Cantons -

James Porter, Esquire, Commissary to the Emperor of Germany - -

Burr'ington Goldfworthy, Esquire, Conlul at Port St. Mary and Cadiz in Spain Michael Hatton, Esquire, Consul at the Ports of , Newport, and in Flanders

Charles Gordon, Esquire, Consul at Tunis -

Joseph Popham, Esquire, Consul at Tetuan ——

David Viscount Stormont, Ambassador at the Congress at Aujbomrg -

Charles Earl of Egremont, D® ——

Sir Joseph Torke, Knight of the Bath, D® -

Thomas Robinson, Esquire, Secretary to the said Embassy -

Captain Archibald Cleveland> Ambassador to the Emperor of Morocco, and Three other Barbary States -

Melchior Guy Dickens, Esquire, late Envoy Extraordinary to the Empress of Russia Hans Stanley, Esquire, Minister to the Most Christian King - -

Robert White, Esquire, Consul at Tripoli -

Isaac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul at Naples -

Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire, Agent and Consul at Algiers -

John Burnaby, Esquire, until he shall be provided for in his Majesty’s Service

Charles Holzendorf, Esquire, for Services performed in Foreign Parts -

Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, employed in his Majesty’s Service at Berlin -

Brinley Skinner, Esquire, until he shall be provided for in his Majesty’s Service -

Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Resident with the Great Duke of -

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, late Minister at the Court of Brussels -

Edward Hay, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Most Faithful King -

Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, Resident at the Court of the King of Sardinia

Stanier Portein, Esquire, Consul at Madrid - -

Ralph Woodford, Esquire, Secretary to the Embassy to the Catholic King

Thomas Earl of Kinnoul, Ambassador to the Most Faithful King -

Charles Earl of Northampton, Ambassador Extraordinary to the Republic of Venice

Richard Bagott, Esquire, Secretary to the said Embassy -

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

To Joseph Mather, towards the Charge of his Passage to Maryland

Daniel Maynadier - - - - D® to D® - -

Archibald Mac Roberts - - - D* to Virginia -

John Milner - - - D® to New York

Offspring Pearfe - - - - D® to South Carolina -

Samuel Andrews - - . - - D* to New England - t

Thomas Davis - - - - D® to D° -

John Beardjlee - - - - D® to D® -

William Morgan, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Monmouth, for an Over Payment

John Gale, Esquire Edward Ward -

James Modiford Hayward, Esquire Henry Plant, Esquire Thomas Saunders, Esquire -James Broom, Ef^uiye Sackville Earl of Thqnett -Baker-Coleman, Esquire

D®

D®

of Cumberland of Rutland -D® of Devon D® of Berks of Bucks of Hereford of Westmoreland of Bedford

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

Paul Vaillant and George Errington, Esquires, Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, D' Thomas Towers, Esquire, Sheriff of Essex D®

Sir Clement Trafford -Philip Vavager, Esquire Christopher Treice, Esquire Charles Robert, Esquire Sir Thomas Jones, Knight -Afcott Bickford —

Miller Sadler, Esquire Ralph Edge, Esquire John Berney, Esquire Sir Robert Bewick, Knight William Currie, Esquire John Trimbrell, Esquire John Aldridge, Esquire George Flozver, Esquire Sir James Hereford, Knight Thomas Bainbrigge, Esquire Ralph Willett -Edward Duke of York

D® of Lincoln - - - D®

D® of Cambridgeshire apd Huntingdonshire,

D® of Cornwall D® of Rutland D® of Salop D" of Devon -D® of Warwick D® of Nottmgkam D® of Norfolk -D® of Northumberland D® of Monmouth D® of Worcester D® of Sussex -D® of Wilts -D® of Hereford D® of Derby -D® of Dorset -

Bounty

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

Samuel Chandler, D. D. and Benjamin Avery, L. D. D®

L- s. d.

5»3*1 — —

5» 461 — —

1,482 10 —

*>595 — —

1,628 *7 6

200 — —

200 — —

500 65O — —

4 — —

2,800 — — *

2,800 — —

2,800 — —

482 — —

2,260

528 10 —

2,036 — —

880 — —

25O - — —

1,199 12 —

547 10 —

400 — —

300 ® — —

547 10 —

1,890 — —

1,095 — —

1,690 — —

*»534 1 1*

I, COO — —

l»33° — —

2,900 9 li

4>5°° — —

484

20 mmm

20 — — f

20 — — .

20 — — .

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

33 11 6

45 2 9

39 14 9

21 16 4

29 1 n

35 3 1

11 9 8

35 12 8

35 2 9

642 17 6

31 19 —

104 3 1

42 11 —

101 1 2

17 — 9

68 J5 9

60 18 2

4i 11 3

4i 3 11

83 1 —

47 1 10

5° 2 —

63 1 5

47 7 8

120 9 7

92 9 11

3° 2 7

56 6

14,000 —

400 r To

io Geo. III.

12° Januara.

D"

D*

D*

D°

D°

D°

D*

D*

D*

To Benjamin Avery, L. D. - - - «

Francis Lord Hawley George Mackenzie Quin - -

William Ellis

The Corporation of Lyme Regis -Ann Smallridge -

Frank Callin - - -Jaime Arbona -

John Larpent, for the Relief of Foreign Protestants Sir Charles Coiterell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies, a% a Present to Baron De Cramm, Envoy Extraordinary from the Duke of -

Captain Matthew Barton, for bringing the News of the Surrender of the Citadel of Palais Major Hayman Rooke - - - D° - - - *

Lieutenant Colonel Charles Fitzroy, for bringing the News of the Victory at Kirch Dinckerm - .

Captain Richard Hughes - - D° of the taking Pondicherry -

Captain John Monckton - - - Bounty -

Captain Stewart Douglas, for bringing the News-of the Surrenderof the Island of Dominique

Major David Wedderburn, for bringing the News of the Victory at Kirch Dinckerm

Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, for Baron Whittoff, Envoy -from the Landgrave of HeJJe Caffell -

D#, as a Present to Count de Colombo, Resident from the Republic of Vmet James West, Esquire, for Captain Brumick, who brought to his Majesty the Colours taken by the Allies from the French in Germany-- -; -

Brass Crojly, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Imposts -Robert Nunn, for catching, feeding, and carting of Deer from Wtndfor Great Park - ' Lieutenant-Colonel Beckwith,- for bringing over Colours or Trophies of Victory obtained from the French at Kirk Denham -Captain Peter Bathurst, for bringing an Account from the Marquis of Granby of the

Victory at Kirk Denham - -

William Davis, Gentleman, to -reimburse Rxpences for his Majesty’s Service, and to pay Bills of Exchange - -

John Larpent, Esquire, to pay a- Bill of Exchange ——

Joseph Richardson, Esquire, to reimburse Expences and to pay Bills of Exchange John Roberts, Esquire, Keeper of Greenwich Park - - - *

The Sheriffs of England and Waits, for passing their Accounts - . -

James West, Esquire, for Monsieur de Cocey, he having brought to his late Majesty an Account of the Victory gained by his Prussian Majesty over the Aujtrians near Lignitz ——

D°, for D°, he having brought an Account of the Victory gained near etorgau in Saxony William Henry Earl of Rockford, on his having relinquished his Pretentions to certain Goods, (Ac. of his late Majesty’s, which ate claimed by him as Groom of the Stole Samuel Smith and Richard Stevenson, Deputy Chamberlains for joining Tallies Arthur Vunfit art, Esquire, for Rent-of Mote Park - -

William Earl of Stafford, Farmer of the Post Fines ' -

James Reynolds, Gentleman, for his Service in former Lotteries -Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, et al. Clerks of the House of Commons - -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, for Printing and other Works for the House of Commons -Richard Jephfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers Joseph White, et al. Clerks of the House of Peers -

HughViscount Falmouth, for the Mayor of the Town of Penzance, in the County of Cornwall, for Expences of the Algerines, who were wrecked near the said Town -William Duke of Cumberland, for the Purchase of certain Jewels received from him by his Majesty - -

Wentworth Odiarne, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for Disbursements -

The Royal Bank of Scotland, for paying the Debts upon the Lands and Estate of Lovat Alexander Bolton, late Chief Bailiff of the Tower of London, for Disbursements Prince Galitzin, Envoy Extraordinary from the Empress of Russia, in Part of a Sum of Money which was advanced in the Year 1746, by Monsieur Hoff, her Minister at Stockholm ——

The Commissioners for holding Correspondence with the Receivers Genera] of the Public Taxes, for incident Charges ——

John Lord Viscount Bateman, for Expences as Mailer of the Buck Hounds -Simon Earl of Harcourt, forhis Journey to and from the Court of Metklenburgh 'she Officers and Clerks of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies . -

The Managers and Directors of the Lottery for the Year 1766 Thomas Buffett, Printer to his Majesty - -

Sir Jeffery Elwes, Knight, Treasurer to the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty, for the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy - - - . ——

Samuel Wilson, Gentleman, to clear the Expences of the Lottery 1760, and incident

Charges, tdc. - -

D°. — for the Lottery 1761 - - - . -

Mofcy Bennett, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road Samv.fi Wright, -for the Rent of a Messuage in Whitehall -

Vo 1, XL, 6 U

53*

L' *

800 — —

100----

200 — — geo — —

IO0 — — IOO — —

250 — —

IOO — —

500-----

33° *5 — 500 — — 500 — —

500 — — 500 — — 500 — — coo — —

50 O----

33° >5

384 11

6

250 — — 96 12. —

99 *5 9

500----

500 — —

5,638 18 i 62 7 —

4,000 — —

500 — - 500 — —

3,000 — — 143 10 — 322 8 —

a,959 18 3 100 — —

970---- r

177 5 — 64 10 — 400 — —

79 4 9

30,00a-----

375 10 8

38,553 *i

l86 A —

4,400-----

74 3 4

700 — — 2,000 — — 1,148 l8 — 7*450 — — 5»53® 14 3

14,100 — —

1,800 — —

1,000 — -

6j —

205 7 —

53*

II® Janu

A. 177

D*

D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

To the Governors a|id Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance, isle. of exposed and deserted young Children -

John Stewart, Gentleman, for Transportation of Felons -The Colony of New York, for their Expences in furnishing Provisions and Stores to the

' Troops raised by them for his Majesty’s Service in 1756 --

Captain Robert Prescott, for bringing Dispatches from Major General Amherst in North

‘ " ' America ' - -

Major Isaac Barre,-for D® -

Peter How, Esquire, Receiver of Taxes, for incident Charges -

John Ford, Gentleman, -for Disburseroents at Algiers -

diaries Lord Cornwallis, Lieutenant of the Tower, for contingent Disbursements 'Thomas V Towers, Esquire, Sheriff of Essex, for Conviction of Felons

Afcott Bickford, plcjuire, Sheriff of Devon - - - ~

Thomas Jones, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Salop ' Christopher Freife, Esquire-, D® of Cornwall -~ William . Prior Jofinjon, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Essex -

- George Powlett, Esquire, Sheriff of Southampton -

~' Frn/tcis Gregg, Gentleman, Under I> of Middlesex -

John Adams, Efduire, Sheriff of Somerset -

Robert Butcher, Esquire, D® of Bedford - - -

" Edward Price, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Bucks

- John Ckatfield, Esquire, D° of- Surrey - -

Charles Price, Esquire, Sheriff of Oxford -Thomas Price, Esquire, D® of Glamorgan William Pitt, Esquire, O’ of Dorset - - *

Nicolas Kemp, Esquire, D® o { Cornwall» - *

William Wilson, Esquire, D^ of Kent -

- John Bnrney, Esquire, D® of Norfolk ~

Charles Roberts, Esquire, D* of Cumberland -

The Chamberlain of the- City of London, towards repairing London Bridge

More, as his Majesty’s Charity to the Poor of London - - - - , -

0 George Schitz, Esquire, to pay Bills at Richmond Lodge -

' Vincent Mathias, Esquire D°

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, for Ne-v ceflaries -

John Walker, Esquire, Ulher of the Court of Exchequer, for Necessaries -

Annuities, Allowances,

To her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales -

William, Duke of Cumberland ——

Nicholas Herbert, Esquire, Treasurer to Princess Amelia -

Commifllpners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer

Henry Bilson Legge, Esquire, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of D® -

William Lord Vilceunt Barrington - - - - D® - -

Charles Lowndesf Esquire, and other Clerks of his Majesty's Treasury -

Thomas.Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

*- Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of his Majesty’s Treasury -Hugh Valence Jdttes, Esquire - another -

Claries Palmer, et al. for their Attendance in the Treasury Office - - '

Edward Le Grand, Esquire, Treasurer to Prince William Henry and Prince Henry Frederick Robert Pigott, Esquire, Solicitor to the Court of Exchequer - -

Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records of the forfeited Estates in England William Duke of Cumberland, Keeper of eft - -

- More-to him, holding Swanimote Courts ——

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent Charles Pratt, Esquire, Attorney General, for himself £. 105 a Year, and for his Clerk, 10. 10s. o. -

William Henry Earl of Rochford, Groom of the Stole to his Majesty -

John Earl of Bute - - - - D* -

Francis Earl of Huntingdon D® -

- Henry Eari of Pembroke, One of the Gentlemen of his Majesty’s Bedchamber

Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth - another -Henry Earl of Litchfield- ----- another -

- James Marquis of Carnarvon - - - - another

- William Earl of March - - - - another

Lord Robert Bertie- ----- - another -

- Edward Earl of Oxford- - - - - another -

Alexander Earl of Eglinton - - - - another - -

Thomas Earl of Bruce ----- another -

William fx>rd Pulteney - - - - another - -

Thomas Lord Viscount Fausonberg - - another - -

Robert Duke of Mancliefier ----- another r

Henry Earl of Lincoln - - - - another -

John Earl of Ashburnham - another -

frauds Earl of , Hertford ----- another - -

1

£. s. d.

52,285 — —

1,120 — —

2,977 7 8

500 — — 500 — — 34i a 9 429 15 — 154 7$ 80 — — 80 — — 40 — —

9°-----

210---- —

440 -

200 — —

80-----

40 — ' —

40-----

80----

40-----

40-----

80-----

40-----

160 — —

50-----

40-----

30, COD — —

1,000 — —

770 II — 502 18 —

4,87o----$

l»°SS *7 5

10,000 — —

646 ir — i

5*7 4 9*

8.000 -

724 8 10$

875 "

,«>9 25----

236 — —

1.000 — — 200 — — 700 — — -

8.000 — —

150-----

200 — —

537 9 40----

1,616 15 if

141 6

586 4

787 14 9i

5i6 13 4

870 13 9i

864 18

824 14 3

864 18 *°+

864 18

870 13 9i

824 14 3

864 18 i°i

824 14 rs 0

620 13 9$

43 2 — I

43 2 —

lyOCO -

1,000 --

1,000 — t —

To

lo Geo. III.

j2® Janttarit.

To Charles Marquis of Rockingham, One of the'Geotlemen of His Majestys Bed Chamber . John Earl of Hyndford ---- another

Hugh Earl of Northumberland - - another

George Earl of Coventry „ - - - - another

Peregrine Duke of Ancaster . - - - - another

Ann Holies Ear! of Ejj'ex - - - another

George Earl of Grford - - . - - - another

John Earl of Buckinghamflure - . - - - another

John Clavering, Esquire, One of the Grooms of his Majesty’s Bedchamber John Campbell, Efim ire - . - . - - - another

John Offley, Esquire - - . - - - another

John Mojlyn, Esquire - - - - another

Edward Cornwallis, Esquire - another

John IValdegrave, Esquire - - . - - - another

Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire - - - - another

Richard Savage Nassau, Esquire - . - - anot

Charles Fitzroy, Esquire ----- anot

James Peachey, Esquire ----- another

George Schutz, Esquire - . - - - - another

William Breton, Esquire - - , - - - another

Spencer Compton, Esquire ----- another.

AugustusKeppell. Esquire - - - another _ -

William Nor they, Esquire . - - . - another

George Pitt, Esquire - - - - another

Norborne Berkeley, Esquire . - - - - another.

Edward Nugent, Esquire - - - - - another *

Sir Robert Rich - - - - , - - another -

James Ramsden, Esquire, late Commissioner of Wine Licences William Adams, Esquire - - . - another -

Henry Yelverton, Esquire - - - another - - - *

Henry Harris, Esquire - . - . - another -

Philip Meadows, Esquire - - - another ——

John Pearson, Esquire, late Cashier to D® *

Charles Bambridge, late Secretary and Comptroller to D# -Gilbert East, Esquire, Comptroller General to D®

Ann Park, late Housekeeper to D® . - - .-

Samuel Leamon, et al. Mclfengers toD® - -

Arthur Onslow, Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons, on 5 a Day Dr. Robert Smith, Mailer of Mechanics to His Majesty -

Robert Jennings, Esquire, for Services performed in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt Bartholomew Lucas,. Gentleman, for keeping the fu-gifters of all the Public Loans in the said Office - - - - . - -

John Jackson, Esquire, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate

Abraham Farley, Esquire, Senior Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer - . - -

John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in tire l ower of London More to him, for Three Clerks in the said Office -

Henry Rooke, Gentleman, Chief Clerk in the above Office -

Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer More, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster -

\Thomas Earl of Kinnoul, Chancellor of tire Duchy of Lancaster -

John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, - -

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D® -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, i£c. -

John Harvey, Esquire, Second Justice of D® - -

Rogers Holland, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, V. -

James Hayes, Esquire, D° - -

Daines Barrington, Esquire, Second Justice of D® -

John Earl of Bute, One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, on £. 1,850 a Year Abraham Farley and John Borlace, Deputy Chamberlains of His Majesty’s Exchequer, £. 40 a Year each ——

Robert Lord Henley, Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain -Robert Earl of Holdernesse, on £. 4,100 a Year William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold -Robert Earl of HoldemeJJ'e, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State -William Pitt, Esquire ----- another -

The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom -John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners, for himself, Clerks, am incident Charges -

John Tracey Atkyns, Esquire, 5th Baron of the Court of Exchequer William Duke of Devonfl/ire, Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houshold William Finch, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold -George Duke of St. Albans, on £. 1,000 a Year -

John Duke of Rutland, on £. 1,540 a Year -

Hugh Earl of Marchmont, £. 1,500 a Year - - - .

Vol. 32.

1.000

43

1,250

1.000 1,25a

43

1.000

1.000 ai zi

500

533

s. d.

— f

f-i

11 — £ 11 — £

21 11

19 10*

11 — £

9 5 9 5 9

6, i°£ 6 io£ 4 7, 4 H

4 6|

9 K

8 2|

12

499

590

500 146

509 431 43* 43* 435. 435 4*5 415 415 43*

*5

500

500

300

348

500

80

139

225

26

40

939

159

100

50----

20 — — 40 — — 500 — —

150-----

191 12 — 420 — - — 480 — —

1.500 -

1,594 18 4!

559 — ~

550-----

328 4 1

55°-----

228 4 1

181 9 7!

550-----

519 — 6$

80----

1*136 19

*i75 5 817 1 ii

99O 8 2f

1,466 16 2 £

8,opo----

*,851 1* 6

75----

2,250----

450 -

*93 — I 722 18 ia£

1.500 — . —

To

534

I a® Janu

A. 1770.

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D® D®^t

To James Lord Somerville, on £. 800 a Year John Earl of Hopetoun John Earl of Finlattr Alexander Earl of Galloway John Earl of Hyttdford Scholto Lord Aberdour

William Earl of Sutherland, on £. 500 a Year James Coutts, Esquire, £. 600 a Year -Norman Macleod, Esquire, £. 400 a Year Lord George Hay - - - D®

George Earl of Crawford, £. 350 a Year Donald Lord Raey,£. 300 a Year James Lord Forbes, £. 200 a Year John Lord Gray -Alexander Lord Banff Andrew St. Clair -

Lady Catherine Wemyfs, £. 100 a Year

Lady Mary Campbell, £. 50 a Year - ' ——

William Chetwynd, Esquire* Examiner of all Interludes, £.400 a Year -Edward Capell, Esquire, Deputy Examiner of all Interludes, £. 200 a Year * ' -

Sir Charles Cotter ell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to his Majesty, £. 100 a Year - -

Stephen Cotter ell, Esquire, Assistant to D® -

Her Royal Highness Princess Amelia, Ranger of Richmond Park Edward Duke of York ——

Lionel CranfieldDuke of Dorset, as Constable of Dover Castle, £. 4,100 a Year Sir Septimus Robinson, Knight, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod - -; -

William Davis, Gentleman, for the Servants of the late Princess Caroline »

James Bradley, D. D. on £.250 a Year -

Clerks of the Privy Council - - - .

Thomas Graham, Apothecary in Ordinary to his late Majesty - -

The Matters in Chancery - -

John Allen and Benjamin Charlwood, Apothecaries to his late Majesty’s Houshold Thomas Wynne, Esquire, One of the Auditors of his Majesty’s Land Revenues i Henry Shelley and Michael Warden, Esquires, who aft as the other -

His late Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms - - - ~. - -

The Ministers and Officers of the Exchequer - -

Henry Burrard, Esquire, Ranger in the New Forest in the County of Southampton

Richard ffston, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Council -

George Perrot, Esquire - - . - another D® - -

William De Grey, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law *.

Henry Banks, Esquire - - another D® - -

Eliah Harvey, Esquire - - - another D® - -

Henry Gould Esquire - another D® -

Fletcher Norton, Esquire - another D® -

Thomas Sewell, Esquire - - - another D* -

Sir Martin Wright, Knight -

Martha Bonfoy, Housekeeper of his Majesty’s Palace at Newmarket -William Fitzherbert, late Housekeeper atD® -

John Scott and Thomas Dring, Keepers of the Council Chamber -

John Earl of Ashburnham, Keeper of Hyde Park -

More to him for watering the Ring - -

More, as Keeper of St. James's Park, for Two additional Keepers -

Samuel Lord Sandys, on £. 1,566. 13J. 4 da Year -

Henry Folkes, Esquire, Messenger or the Order of the Bath, for Salaries of the Officers of the Order of the Bath -

Henry Majlerman, Esquire King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -Matthew Lamb, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law -Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher, £. 50 a Year - -

Mary Magdalen Taylor, Keeper of his Majesty’s Privy Lodgings, &c. at Hampton Court, ir. a Day ——

John. Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Garter -John Earl of Tilney, Warden of Waltham Forest, in the County of Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer ' -Charles Yorke, Esquire, his late Majesty’s Solicitor General, for his and his Clerks Attendance on the Commissioners of Trade -

Allen Lord Bathurfi, Treasurer to his Majesty when Prince of Wales -

Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pells -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis -

Sir Henry Erskine, Baronet, late Keeper of his_ Majesty’s Private Roads, &c.

Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas The several Officers of the Pipe Office ——

John Tabor Kempe, his Majesty’s Attorney General at York -

Andrew Stone, Esquire, TrCalurer to her Majesty the Queen Consort -Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of Foreign Eftieats in the Court of Exchequer

s. d.

to

.434 — 4

500----

5°-----

57 4 if

87 10 —

27- *3 ~

*55 7

270 — —

goo — —

112 4.47 8 »95

IQO

79

20

69

131.

io,cOo

53

*3

*9

*i

n

4

4 —

3

*7

4

8

To

io.Geo.1IL

i 2® JanuarH.

S35

To John Shelley, clerk of the Pipe - - - - . - -

George Onslow, of Oakham, Esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest - <-

Claudius Amy and, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries - -

- - John l_£rd Chedwofth, Constable of the Forest of Dean -

- 'Joseph Spence, A. M. Pfofeffor of Modern History in the University of Oxford

k Jbhu Ebbutt, Messenger to the Printing Press -

- Philip Sharpe, Esquire, for the Under Clerks of the Privy Council -

- John Brijlozv, Keeper of the Lions, &c. in the Tower of London -

John Hhtfell, Esquire, Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons -

SkaHeftPTurner, D. L. Professor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge

Richard Hammond, Esquire, Foreign AppoSer in the Court of Exchequer -Robert Herbert,. Esquire,'Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Lands, idc.

Judges of England, on Fees and Augmentation of Salary -

William Noel, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chidc. -

Tayldr White, Esquire, Second-D® of D°- - *

- Sir Thomas RobiufoH, BarOnet, as late-Governor of Barbadoes -

Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Antigua- -

Robert Cholmondeley, Surveyor General and Auditor of all his Majesty’s Revenues in America - - - - -

Corbyn Morris, Esquire, Agent for Newfoundland,

George Thomas, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Charibbee islands in America - ' ——

Benjamin Carpenter, E Squire, Lieutenant Governor of Montserrat -William Shirley, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Bahama islands Gilbert Fleming, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the island of St.

James Johttfton, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Nevis -

William Popple, Esquire, Governor in Chief of the Bermuda or Summer Islands -William Henry Lyttelton, Esquire -

Charles Pinfold, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Island of Barbadoes ——

Arthur Dobbs, ElquirC, Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Province of North Carolina -

Thomas Pownall, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief in the Province of

South Carolina - - - r -

The Executors of Launcelot Story, late Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Nevis

Messengers.

To Edward Bryant, Messenger of his Majesty’s Chamber -

' John Jones, J hitCHdnall, Peter Dubourg, and John Walker, the Four Messengers attending the Receipt of Exchequer -

John Jones, One of the above Messengers - - - . - -

John Oldnall - - another - -

Peter Dubourg - - another -

John Walker - - another - -- - - - *

John Bright, One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer -

Deveriux Davis - - - - another -

Thomas Potter - another -

William Colebrook - - - another -

Henry Hallowe - - - another -

George Hall, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer George Sanderson - - - - another -

Henry Henderson - - - another -

James Stevenson - another - -

Fees, Perpetuities, See.

To John Kelly, Reader of Physic in the University of Oxford -

Richard Stonehewer, Esquire, Knight Harbinger -

The Corporation of Berwick -

The Heirs of Nicholas Tates -

Master of the Grammar School at Southwell ——

William Duke of Cumberland -

The Officers and Clerks of the Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bills ....

D", on their Fees ——

John Earl of Ashbumham, Keeper of St. James's Park -

Richard Earl Temple, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Privy Council Records -

Clerks of the Privy Council -

John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor of -the Woods -

Officers of the Board of Ordnance -

Charles Yorke, Esquire, His Majesty’s Solicitor General - -

George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Wtndfor Castle -

Lewis Lord Sondes, Auditor of the Imprest -

William Aijlabie, Esquire, another D® ——

IVtniworth Odiame, Esquire, One of£Iis Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms ? - -

Vol. 3 z. 6X

£, s, d*

6o-----

-co — —

30 8 84

6iii — 4

200 -

6o-----

35°-----

91 $

ICO — —

200 — -

4° - —

434 9 7§ 10,203 10 4|

34* J4 5§

247 *5 '*

800 — — 200 — —

250 -

300 — —

805 8 84

300 — — 217 4 9| 184 17 if 67 1! 7l

439 *3 1

500-----

1,918 9 6f

921 3 iof

807 6 8

86 9 6

60 16 8

208 — — 91 10 —

*55 *5 -r

274 7 6

456-----

44 — — 128 — — 128 — —

147 'I 8

133 6 8 263 19 6

262 19 6

104 14 — 104 14 —

40 -

*44 *3 4

100 — —

50-----

10 — — *

25-,000 — —

5,900----

752 9 —

892 17 6

268 -

500-----

597 19 3*

50-----

127 12 3

68 5 6| 182 10 — 36 3 66 13 4 100 7 6 To

53<*

12® Jantlarii.

A.

1770,

To William Earl Derby> ef a/, for the poor Ministers of the Isle of -

A»«, Housekeeper of his Majesty’s Palace at - -

The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax -

C/jjt# Church Hospital - .

Dean and Chapter of Westminster, for the Ministers of the French Church in the Savoy' John Bristow, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London -Claudius A my and, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries -

Rufi.il Plumptre, Reader of Pliylic in the University of Cambridge - -

King’s Heralds and Purluivants at Arms Eight several Serjeants at Arms - *

Samuel Lord Mar/ham, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -

Robert Lord Henley, Chancellor of Great Britain -

John Tracey Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer -

Horatio Walpole, quire, for the Watchmen at the Exchequer -

Stephen Cotter dl, Esquire, Assistant Master of the Ceremonies - -

Corporation of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness -

J udges ot England - - - - - - - ».

Henry Bilson Legge, Esquire, late Chancellor and Under Treasurer - *

Robert Jenner, Professor and Reader in the University of Oxford -

Joseph Smith and Edward Barker, Serjeants at Arms to his Majesty - -Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to his Majesty -The Matters in Chancery ——

The Fellows of Eton College *

William Ridlington, Doctor of Civil Law in the University of Cambridge -Charles Frewen, Esquire, Brunswick Herald at Arms - - - - *

John Sujfield Brown, Blanc Courfier Herald D° - -

Sir Martin Wright, Knight - -

Arthur Onslow, Esquire....

Dr. Samuel Nichclls, Master of the Temple -

University of Cambridge ——

Fellows of EmaKurf'C.oWtgt - -

Churchwardens of St.Botolph, Aldersgate -

D® of St.Michael, Cornhill - - - - ’ - - * -

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield.....*

Richard Heron, Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -

William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenues -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, his Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent -

John Earl of Bfeadalbane, D° on the South Side of Trent 9

Churchwardens of St. Mary Magnus, London - - . -

Charles Pratt, Attorney General to his Majesty -

Churchwardens of St. John the Baptist, Walbrook - -

John Newcome, Reader in Divinity in the University of Cambridge -

Ann Blacherby, Housekeeper in his Majesty’s Palace at Westminster -

William Noel, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chej&c. -

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D® -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, -Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -Henry Darby Gardiner, Clerk of the Nichells in D°

Robert Herbert, Esquire, his Majesty’s Surveyor General -

John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer -

William Lord Barrington, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer Samuel Horsey, Esquire, Gloucester King at Arms - -

Mallet. Turner, Professor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge

c X. d.

too

300 —

75 a*

370 IO

60 —

66 7 6

too —

30 T-,

aio _ -

680 18 —

55 *7 4

3*597 4 si

*63 6 8

463 — —

at* 7

40 —

*7.196 9 7i

- 98 5 6J-

4o — —

89 2 —

191 7 7

777 12 %

4a — —

40 — —

*6 *3 4

26 *3 4

804 9 9

*.384 *3 3*

37 6 .8

to — _

16 *3 4

/ 12 4

10 _

64 2 I

too — —

44 — —

45 6 7

66 *4 *

21 4 8

55 9 *k

7 *3 4

*3 6 f

9 z 6

587 5 6i

402 4

43 6 8

2Q — —

565 10 4i

47 4 2

100 — —

40 — —

200 — —

714,442 7 4i

Exchequer, the izth Day of January 1770.

E. Wilfori.

To

*6 Geo. III,

12° Jama

537

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bulgefles, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been idled and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty’^ Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on account of the Privy Ptlrfc, Secret Service* Pensions, Bounties* Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever* without Account, from the a$th Day of October 1760 to the 25th Day of February 1769} distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 25th Day of October 1761 to the 25th Day of 1762.

Td John Earl of

Privy Purse.

To William Pitt, Esquire " John Earl of Bute Ghdrles Earl of

o

Henry Potts, Esquire -James West., Esquire Joseph Rickard/oh, Esquire Samuel Martin, Esquire John Nichol, Esquire -George Amyandy Esquire

Secret and Special Service.

711

2,678

2.257

7»57°

30.000

1,046

10.000 26,289 I4.853

s.

6

11

*4

l7

d.

9 i

U

5 -

1 6 7 —

To Charles Lloyd, Esquire

To John Earl of Granville

To John Earl Temple John Duke of Bedford

Band of Pensioners. PreGdent of the Council. Keeper of the Privy Seal.

674 14 5

2,063 14 Hi

Master of the Jewels.

To Sir Richard Lyttelton, Knight of the Bath - -; -

King’s Goldsmith.

To Thomas Hemming - - . - -

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever, viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys, tic.

To Colonel John Clavering, who was appointed to go to the Court of the Landgrave of Hefe - - - - . - - - - .

George Earl of Bristol, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic

King -.....- - -

Sir Joseph Yorke, Knight of the Bath, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces . -More, as llis Majesty’s Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at the Congress which is to be opened at the Imperial City of Augsbmrg -

CharLs Earl of Egremont - another -

David Lord Viscount Stormont - another - r

More, as Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Poland Sir James Gray, Baronet, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of the Two Sicilies -Walter Tilley, Esquire, His Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark Robert Keith, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress of Russia ' - - - - * - - - -

Yol. 32.

48,000 — t

95.407 9 4 4.5°° — ~

4,000 — —

2.738 9 4

1,369 16

1

31,263 12 8

*,95$-----

2,142 17 if

5,26* 5 —

3.254 7 7* 1,764 12 104 7,200 — — 1,673 — —

2,384 -

1,665 — —

3

si*

l2°Januafti.

To John Earl of Buekinghamfiire, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the

Empress of Ruff a - ....

George Hobarl, Y(cpi\K, Secretary to the above EmbatTy . - - - .

Jatfie^Bruce, Agent and Consul General at Algiers -

WittldmlJlaiieJ, kteSecretaryto' Lord Stormont, at the CoUrtof Warsaw,

JohnjiedfordiAmbassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Molt Christian King - - -

' RaeharctN&nlle Neville, Esquire,'Secretary to the above EmbatTy ! ' ;-Jams SruWMdchnzie, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia -Andrew Mitchell, Esquire, M mi Iter and Plenipotentiary to the Court of -

Philip Stanhope, Esquire, Resident to the Hans Towns in Germany -

John Murray, Esquire, Resident with the Republic of Venice -Arthur Villettes, Esquire* late Minister to the Swiss Cantons -Robert Colebrook, Esquire, present Minister to D° -

Thomas IVroughton, Esquire, Resident with she Erhprefs of Russia -Barrington Goldfworthy, Esquire, Consul at Port St. Mary and Cadiz in Spain Michael Hatton, Esquire, Consul at the Ports of and Bruges, in Flanders

Charles Gordon, Esquire, Consul at Tunis -

Joseph Popham, Esquire, Conlul General at Teluatt -

Robert White, Esqutrc, Consul General at Tripoli - - - -

Isaac Jatpineau, Esquire, Consul General at Naples - -

' Sfanhope Afpinivi ll, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Algiers -John Burnaby, Esquire, until he shall be provided for in His Majesty’s Service Frederick Lawreheej Esquire, during such Time as he shall be employed in His Majesty’s Service at, Berlin -

Charles Holzendorff, Esquire, fbt Services performed to His Majesty in Foreign Parts -

Brinley Skinner, Esquire, bntil Re shall be provided for in His Majesty’s Service Sir Horace ManrL Baronet,' Resident with the Great Duke of Tuscany -Edward Hay, Esquire, Envby Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Moll Faithful King Sir John Goodrich, Resident at the Court of the King of Sweden -

Stonier Porten, Esquire, "Conlul at Madrid -

Ralph Woodford, Esquir3> Secretary to the Extraordinary Embafiy to the Catholic King Hans Stanley, Esquire, late His Majesty’s Minister to the Moll Christian King -George Pitt, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia -James Holford, Consul at Geneva -

Solomon Ddyrolle', late Minister at the Court of Brussels -

Archibald Cleveland, Esquire, Ambassador and Plenipotentiary to the Emperor of Fez and Morocco - -

Charles fearl of Northampton, Ambatfador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Republic of Venice ——

Thomas Robittfoh, Esquire, Secretary to the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipo-

tentiary at the Congress which is to be opened at the Imperial City of Augsbourg -Lewis Dutens, Esquire, charged with His Majesty’s Affairs at the Court of Richard Bagot, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Republic of Venice - -

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

Joseph Stokes, towards the Charge of his Paflagt: to South Carolina - m 20

Joseph Doore Appleby Wilton, for the like 20

Janies Horrocks D° m to Virginia m m - 20

James Ramsay D° - - to the Charibbee Islands 20 — —

Francis Lauder D9 - - to Maryland - m 20 — — *

John Perny D° - - to Jamaica - - m 20 -

George Skeen - D° - - to South Carolina - - 20 — —

William West D# - - to Virginia - - m 2p

Jonathan Boucher D9 - - to - D° - - - 20 — —

Archibald Dick D° - m to - D9 - m m 20

John Evans D° - - m to South Carolina 20 —

John Green D° . m tb - D" 20 — —

William Dowie D° - - to Maryland m - - 20 —

Joseph Rennet D° - r to Nova Scotia - - 20

Agur Treadwell D9 - - to New Jersey - . - 20 — —

William Fotheringham D9 - - to Newfoundland - - 20 -

Alexander Murray D9 - - to Penflvania - - - - 20

Joseph Edwards D9 - - to South Carolina - 20

Miles Cooper D9 - - to New York - 20

Jacob Duche D9 - - to Penflvania - - - 20

an

Over

Sir William Dalfion, Knight, late Sheriff* of the County of Cumberland, for Payment on his Account for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1762 Sir William Yoa, Baronet, late Sheriff of the County of Somerset, for D° -Sir Robert Kite and Sir William Hart, Knights, late Sheriffs of the City of London and County of Middlesex, for an Over Payment on their Account for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1761- -

George Powlett, Esquire, Sheriff" of the County of Southampton, for D°, to D°

Sir Samuel Gordon, Knight, Sheriff of the County of Nottingham, for D°, to D° -

A. 1770V

c *

2.800 -

486 :----

150-----

490----

2.800 — —

484----

3,804 —

1,044 — —

1,119----

i»i95 11 2 1,086----

i,37°----

100 — —

150-----

00 — — 487 xo —

285-----

300 — — 905 11 — 402 — —

225-----

300-----

402 — -ft

I>399 -

2,206 1 6

1,080 — —

500-----

8 6

807 14 78 10

2,1 7°----

250 — —

804 — —

i>365 -

5’5°°----

1,230----

882-----

94* —

19 2 9

26 16 8|

934 S —

75 3 1

66 18 2

To

- m

jo Geo. III.

12° Januarii.

539

to D® to D® to D° to D® to D® to D® to D® D® D® D" D® D° D®

To Satkville Earl of Thanet, Sheriff of the County of , for an Over Payment on

his Account for the Year ended at Alic/t 1761 Sir Charles Smithy Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Essex - for D®

William Philips, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Monmouth for D®

Sir Joint Cotter ell Brook, Knight, Sheriff of the County of Hereford for D®

Sir Thomas Ward, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Northampton for D®

Anchew Hackett, the Younger, Sheriff of the County of Wanvifk for D°

John Delafield Phelps, Sheriff of the County of - for D°

William Pitt, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Dorset for D®

Samuel Shore, Esquire, ^Sheriff of the County of Derby - for D° to.

John Ashfordby, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Hertford for D® to

John Langton, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Cumberland . for D® to

John Adams, Esquire, Sheriff of the County erf1 Somerset - for D® to . Sir John Davie, Baronet, Sheriff of the Couoty of Devonshure for D® to Henry Dove, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Rutland - fqr D® to Seth Agar and John Atkinfw, Gentlemen, late Sheriffs of the City of York, for D® to D® Samuel Sedgley and isaac Piqumet, Esquires, late Sheriffs of the City of for D® to D*

Charles Fearmawand and Jermy Harcourt , Gentlemen, late Sheriffs of the City of Norwich, for D® to D® - - r»

Samuel Harrison, Esquire, late Sheriff of the County Palatine of Chester, for D*t® D® 1759 Robert Butcher, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Bedford, fpf D® to D® 1761 Alexander Collingwood, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Northumberland, for D° to D®

Richard Cafe, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Worcester, for D® to D®

Sir John Vanhallem, Knight, Sheriff of the County of Bucks, for D® to D®

John Hagar Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Cambridge, for D® to D®

John Smitherman, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Salop, for D® to D®

Sir William Farrington, Knight, Sheriff of the County Palatine of Lancaster, for D* to D® Mary Hilton, Widow and Administratrix of Samuel Hilton, Esquire, Sheriff of the County Palatine of Lancaster, for D'to D° 1760

William Ellis, Esquire, as of His Majesty’s free Gift and Royal Bounty -Benjamin Avery, 0. L. - - - the like -

Edward Duke of York - the like -

Samuel Chandler and Benjamin Avery, D. L. the like

Ann Smalldridge ----- the like -

Francis Lord Hawley - the like -

Corporation of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset the like - -

Captain Charles Egerton, for bringing News from ----_-

William Davis, Gentleman, to reimburse Expences and to pay Pills of Exchange Captain Paul Rycourt, for bringing News from Alartinico - -

Captain John Botterelle - - D® - -

Captain Alexander Wood - D® from Grenadines - - *

Captain George Darby - - D* from Fort Royal

Captain William Sloper D® from Gracebenfieitt - -

Colonel Robert Boyd - - D® from D° - -

Major Horatio Gates - D® from Martiuico -

James Jay, Esquire, to be paid over to the College of New York, in the City of New York, in America - - »

William Smith, to be paid over to the College of Philadelphia , - .

Sir Charles Cotter ell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies, to be paid over to Monsieur Amfincke, One of the Deputies from Hamburgh - -

More to Monsieur Reake -. - another -Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Ligonitr, for bringing the Trophies. taken in the Action of Lutterberg - - .- - -

Robert Nunn, for catching, feeding, and carting of Deer from Windsor Great Park The Representatives of the late Thomas Basket, for printing Acts of Parliament, . Arthur Vanjittart, Esquire for One Year’s Bent of Mote Park, to the jpth of October 1761 - -

Francis Davis, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Taxes and Duties 09 Houses for the County of Monmouth, for his extraordinary Charges and Service in the Years 1758 and 1759 - - *

Sir Samuel Fludyer, Baronet, Lord Mayor of the City of London, to be paid over for the Relief and Discharge of poor Prisoners for Debt, and other Charities, within the said City of London - - - - 1 -

Richard Cheflyn, Esquire, late Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill’of Imports for the Year commencing 5th 7<aiK*ry 1760 - -

The several Sheriffs of the several Counties of England and Wales, for parting their Accounts for the Year 1761 - - - - >* .-

John Larpent, Esquire for the Relief of certain Foreign Erotestants -

Vincent Mathias, Esquire, to pay the Rent of a House to Sir George Savile, Knight, to 5th January 1762 - j-

Thomas Earl of Effingham, for his Service, fcfr. at the Coronation -

Henry Hill, Esquire, for D* - *

More to him on account of the Funeral of the late King

Vol. 32. 6 Y

L t. d.

58 14 8

43 1 6

98 9 — *

7* 6 6

*5 8 9

5° 6 8

39 *7 11

90 5 4*

40 7 7,

77 *4 7 f

87 8 1

54 16 io|

74 7 10

37 *5 3

22 3 5,

6 2 4f

3 *4 6

So 10 3

71 *5 3 9* 3 7 62 14 — IQ2 15 9 ni 15 8 68 6 i£

101 2 —

106 — —

1,70° *----

1,600 — — 8,000 — — 400 — — 100 — — 100 — —

100 r —

500 — — 12*613 19 6

500 r — — coo — — 300 — — ’ 300 — — 500 — coo — — 500----

438 7 —

223 5 —

5*23 4 —

323 4 —

500 —

71 6 jo

,*44 9 S 322 8 —

253 13 6

1,000 — — 98 *4 —

4,000 — r-300 — — *

323 8 —

800 —

36a 3 10

*13 4 $ T#

40

12° Januarii.

To the King’s Heralds and Purfoivants at Arms* for their Largeflfes, for the Creation of the Duke of York, (Be. - -

Morey for their Fees, Robes, and Largesses, on sundry Occasions -

James Reynolds, for his Service, (Be. in Lotteries 1710* 1713, 1714, el 1719 - -

'Zachary Chambers, for renewing the Lease of His Majesty’s Barge-Houses -

James Billington, Chief Bailiff of the Tower of London, for Rent of a Court House

John Stewart, Esquire, for Transportation of Felons -

William Duke of Cumberland, in further Part of the Purchase of certain Jewels,

The Officers of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies from Michaelmas, 1761, to 1762 - - - = -

Clerks, et al. of the House of Commons - -

D* - of the House of Peers - - - 4

Sir Jeffery Elwes, Treasurer to the Governors of the Boiinty of Qtieen Anne, for the . Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy -Sir Thomas Harrison, Knight, Chamberlain of the City of London, as of His Majesty’s Charity to the Poor of London - - - - -

JoJepk Richardson, Esquire, to reimburse Expences, pay Bills of Exchange*, and for Presents -

Robert Griffin, Esquire, to be paid over amongst several His Majesty’s Officers and Servants, to answer accustomed Fees payable to them upon the Honour of Knighthood having been conferred by His Majesty at His Coronation upon feral Persons -

Peregrine Duke of Ancaster, His Majesty’s Great Chamberlain of England, in full Satisfaction of his Claim to the rich Hangings, (Be, placed in Westminster Hall, claimed upon His Majesty’s Coronation -

Captain Joseph Deane, for bringing Dispatches from Major-General Amherst, Lord Colville, and General Murray, relating to the successful Operations of the British Forces in North America - - - - .

The Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children -

Richard Jepkfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers -

Wentworth Odiarne, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons - The Governor and "Company of the Chelsea Water-Works, for Supplying the Treasury,

(Be.- with Water, from the 10th October 1760 to toth October 1761 Peter Duvall, Esquire, Vice President of the Royal Society, to reimburse Expences in making Observations at the Cape of Good Hope on the Transit of Venus over the Sun ——

Dr. Gawin Knight, Principal Librarian and Receiver, for the Use of the Trustees of the British Mu feu m ——

' Timothy Brent, Treasurer to the Commissioners for paving and lighting the Streets

Charles Lowndes,: and other Commissioners, for taking in the Tickets of "the Lottery 1761, and delivering out Certificates - -

Sir Charles Sheffield, Baronet, in Part of the-Purchase Money for his Estate called Buckingham House -

Nathaniel Carrington, for Expences attending the bringing over and carrying back the Cherokee Chiefs - - - .

" John Lord Viscount Bateman, Master of the Buck Hounds to His Majesty, for his

extraordinary Charges in and for the Year 1762 -

New digate Poyntz, in Reward for his Service and-Attendance during the Time the Bill for the better ordering the Militia Forces was preparing and depending in the House of Commons - -

The Managers and Directors of the Lottery Anno 1761, on £.150 each - . -

John Clevland, Junior, Esquire, to pay a Bill of Exchange

Samuel Wright, for a Year’s Rent of a Messuage in Whitehall etnployed for the Use of v His Majesty’s Privy Seal and Signet Office - —

Mojley Bennet, Keeper of the West Gate-in Hyde Park, for watering the Road leading from the said Gate to the Royal Palace at Captain Peter Bafkurjl, for bringing an Account from the Marquis of Granby, of the Victory obtained 16th July 1761 at Kirch Denkern, by His Majesty’s Army William Earl of Strafford, Farmer General of the Poll Fines, for Post Fines in the Year ended at Michaelmas 1760 -

Mark Bajiet, for printing Acts of Parliament, (Be.

John BriJlow, Gentleman, for his extraordinary Expences in keeping and feeding an additional Number of Wild Beasts in the Tower -

" Samuel Smith and Richard Stevenson, Deputy Chamberlains for joining Tallies between Michaelmas 1760 and Michaelmas 1761 -

‘ Charles Sloan Cadogan, Esquire, to pay {undry Ground Rents fora Housein Pall Mall, w belonging to the Dukeof York- - - - .

Stephen Martin Leake, Esquire, Garter King at Arms, for the Installation.of his Royal ~ - Highnefe Prince" William ——

""The Chamberlain of the City of London, towards improving* widening, and enlarging,

- the Railage over London Bridge - - - »

; Jeremiah-DyJon, Esquire, late Clerk of the House of Chaimons, for Printing and other c *> Works lor the Service oftlfe House of Commons -

Al 177b;

£ / A.

35 —

568 13 4

rod — ' —

52 18 —

160 h i

1,050----

10,000 — —

715 16 *

97° — ~ 4O0 — —

14,90° — —

1.000 — — *> 3,892 15 —

475 7 6

500 — 55.950----

IO6 — —

369 12- 7 52 *4 —

800 —

2.000 — —

3.000 — —

1.600 — —

7.000 -

1,058 r

760 — — -

350 — —

6.600 — — 2,110 13 —

205 7 —

’ 6 5 — —

131 15 — 12,718 6 2

9* 5 —

163 10 — 316 18 — 412 5 ir

15,000 —

3-393 4 — T«

io Geo. Ill

12° Janua

54*

To Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies, as a present from His Alaiefty to Oram Effendi, who was sent from the Dey of upon his having

taken his Audience of Leave - -

More to him, as a Present from His Majesty to Pririce Galitzin, Envoy Extraordinary from the Emperor of Russia, upon his having had his Audience of Leave More to him, to be paid over as an additional Allowance of £.5. a Week to the Am-bafiador from the Dey of 'Tripoli - _ -

More, as a Present to HaJJ'an Bey sent here from the Dey of Tripoli, upon his having taken Audience of Leave - - - - v- - / -

Philip Sharpe, Esquire, to be distributed among the Four Under Clerks of the Privy Council, for their great Pains and Expence in employing many Hands to assist in writing Orders, &c. on account of His Majesty’s Coronation -Thomas Mainwaring, Esquire, Receiver-General of the Land Taxes and Duties upon Houses, for Anglesea, Carnarvon, Merioneth, Denbigh, and Flint, for his extraordinary Charges and Services in getting the Monies of his said Receipt for the

Year 1759 - - _ -.....- -

Thomas Ward, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Northampton, for Conviction of Felons ——

James Theobald, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Berks, the like -

Sir John Davie, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Devon, the like -

Richard Cafe, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Worcester, the like -John Delafield Phelps, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of the like

Thomas Hatred, Junior, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Stafford, the like - William Churchman, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Norfolk, the like -Scrape Egerton, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Wilts, the like -John Herbert, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Montgomery, the like Thomas Sheppard, Esquire, Under Sheriff of the County of Bucks, the like John Hagar, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Cambridge, &c. the like -Edward Clarke, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Oxford, the like -Thomas Gregory, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Kent, for the like John Blagrave, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Berks f of the like -Henry Fotherly Whitfield, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Hertford, for the like Adam Peirce, Gentleman, 'Under Sheriff of the County of Devon, for the like John Chat field. Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Surrey, for the like Thomas Bradyll, Esquire, Sheriff of the County Palatine of for the ljke

George Bristow, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, for the like Peter Hancock, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Gloucester, for the like -Samuel Wilson, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of the Lottery 1761 -

Lawrence Natter, for engraving Medals for His Majesty’s Coronation Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer John Walker, Esquire, U flier of the Court of Exchequer - -

Annuities, Allowances, isV.

To her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales -

Sir Francis Dashwood, Baronet, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer -

Prince Edward Duke of York -

Edward Le Grand, Esquire, Treasurer to Prince William Henry, and Prince Henry Frederick - - --- . ——

The Commissioners of the Treasury - -

William Lord Viscount Barrington, late Chancellor and Under Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer - *

-His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, Keeper of Witidfor Forest - -

More, for holding Swanimote Courts - - *

Charles Lowndes, Esquire, 0/. Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary

Hugh Faience Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of the Treasury -

Charles Palmer, ei all for the Attendance in the Treasury Office -

Robert Pigot, Esquire/ Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer - - - --.

Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records of the forfeited Estates in England Dr. Robert Smith, Matter of the Mechanics to His Majesty - - - - -

Robert Jennings, Esquire, for extraordinary Services "by him performed in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer - „ -

Bartholomew Lucas, Gentleman, for keeping the Registers of the public Loans in the said Office - - - ’

John Jackson, Porter,- attending the Exchequer Gate - .

Abraham Farley, Esquire, Senior- Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer --. John Shelly, Esquire,-Keeper of the Records in the Tower of- -. - -

Afore, for Three Clerks in the said Office - >

Henry Rooke, Gentleman, ChiefeClerk-in the said Office- - -

Richard Mo-, ley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer <*

Alore, as Keeper of the Records*in the Chapter House at Westminster - -

Thomas Earl of Kinnoul, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster- - *

John. Earl of Breadalbang, Chief fuflice in Eyre or»-the South Side of- Trent -

Vol. 32.

/» r. </.

395 7 ~ 545 *8 — 696 14 — 448 12 —

5® ——

433 " 3

I^O----

40----

280 — ~ 40 — — 120 — —

40----

80-----

40 — — IO — - —

8e----

4°-----

40 i-----

80 — —

40----

40----

80 — - — 80 — — 10 — — 120 — — -

5®-----

2,050 — — .

581 7 —

4.539 *5 1

1,146 10 4

10.000 — —

562 12 9

12.000 — —

8joooo — — .

8,000 — —

i v

- '1>637 7 3 537 9 n 40 — —

?>35* 5 200 — — -

200 — —

74*

112 200

too — - _

5° — — 20 — -L.

40' — —

156----

,75 — —

3iS----

360 — - —

1.500 — r

1.500 — -

To

14 ii*

10 —

HI*

54®

12° JanuarH.

A. 1770.

To Claudius Amy and, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries -

Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas -

- Henry Majlerman, Esquire, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -

Joint Earl of Por tfmouth, Governor of the Isle of Wight -

George Ti/fon, Reader and Preacher at Hampton Court -

The Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office - -

The Clerks in D* -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer . William Duke of Devonshire, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold William Finch, Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of D* - -

John Earl of Bute, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State -Hilaries Earl of Egremont - - - - another - -

William Pitt, Esquire - late another -

Sir John Cujl, Baronet, Speaker of the House of Commons - -

The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom -John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners -

More, for incident Charges -

George Duke of St. Albans -

John Tracey Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer ... John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park - -

Abraham Farley and John Borlace, Esquires, Deputy Chamberlains of his Majesty’s Exchequer -

- Lionel Cranfield Duke of Dorset, Constable of his Majesty’s Castle of Dover, and War-

den of the Cinque Ports -

Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, Solicitor for the Affairs of his Majesty’s Treasury John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carma&c. -Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, i£c. -

John Hervey, Esquire, Second Justice of D® -

Executors of Rogers Holland, Esquire, late Chief Justice of Carnarvon,

Daines Barrington, Esquire, Chief Justice of D" -

James Hayes, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -. William Chetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Interludes, 6?r.

William Capell, Esquire, Deputy Examiner of D®

Robert Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter Sir Charles Cotter ell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies - -

Dr. James Bradley -

The Mayor and Burgesses of the Corporation of Lyme Regis in the County of Dorset -Samuel Lord Sandys ——

John Earl of Ashburnham, Keeper of Hyde Park -....

More, as Keeper of St. James's Park -

Samuel Lord Masham, One of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber Francis Earl of Hertford ----- another - - .

John Earl of Buckinghamshire - - - - another -

Henry Earl of Pembroke - - - - another -

Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth - another -

Henry Earl of Lincoln ----- another - -

Henry Earl of Litchfield - - - - another - -

William Earl of Coventry - - - - another

Charles Marquis of Carnarvon - - - - another -

Charles Marquis of Rockingham - - - another -

Peregrine Duke of Ancafier - another -

William Earl of March ----- another -

Hugh Earl of Northumberland - - another - -

George Earl of Orford ----- another -

Frederick St. John Lord Viscount Bolingbroko - another - -

John Earl of Ashburnham ----- another - -

Lord Robert Bertie ---- another - -

Edward Earl of Oxford ---- another -

Alexander Earl of Eglinton - - another

Thomas Lord Bruce ---- another -

William Lord Viscount Pulteney - -

Francis Earl of Huntingdon, Groom of the Stole to his Majesty -James Peachey, Esquire, One of the Gxopms of His Majesty’s Bedchamber George Schutz, Esquire ----- another -

Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire - - - another -

Sir William Breton, Knight - another -

Charles Fitzroy, Esquire - - - another -

Spencer Compton, Esquire - - - - another -

Jo/tn.Offley, Esquire ---- another -

John Waldegrave, Esquire ----- another - *

Augustus Kepple, Esquire -- --- - another -

William Nor they, Esquire - - - - another -

Edward Cornwallis, Esquire - - another -

George Pitt, Esquire - . -. . .? - - 7

/ r

s.

11

d.

3i

16

9

8

L,

169 20

e- m

o 457 60 —

13 17

22 IO

53 6

3.000 -

600----

1.651 15

I >3 9® 5

447 5

2.500 —

5.000 — —

1,150-----

1.651 13 — 1.706 17 iif

125-----

91 14 n|

80-----

3,075-----

1.500 -

55°----

662 10 —

4t

JL

7f

15

10

16

11

771 662 248

550 565

300 —

150-----

285 2 6

75-----

250-----

lOO --- —

1,000 — I

6op — —

7 use

18 if

70 277

75°

750

2 co

75°

75°

750

75°

75°

750

75°

750

75°

75°

683

75°----

75°-----

750-----

75°-----

75° — —

1.000 — —

2.000 — —

375 -

375 -

375 -

375-----

375 -

375 " ~

375 -

375 -

375 -

375 — —

375 -

375 — r~

To

to Geo. ill,

12

JanuariL

43

To John Mojlyn, Esquire -

Norborne Berkeley, Esquire -

Edmund Nugent, Esquire ——

William Davis, Gentleman, for the Servants of the late Princess Caroline -

William Earl Talbot, Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold -

Henry Yelverton, Esquire, late a Commissioner of the Wine Licence Office -

"Philip Medows, Esquire, late another - - - ’ -

James Ramsden, Esquire, late another -

William Adams, Esquire, late another -

John Pearson, late Cashier in the Wine Licence Office -

Charles Bembridge, late Secretary and Comptroller in the above Office -

Gilbert East, late Comptroller in the above Office -

Ann Park, late Housekeeper in the above Office - -

Charles Bembridge, et al. Messengers to the above Office -

The Ministers and ClerKs of the Exchequer -

The Officers and Clerks of the Tally Court for levying Tallies -Edward Finch, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s private Roads - -

Sir Septimus Robinson, Knight, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod -

The Representatives of Sir Henry Bellenden, Knight, late Gentleman Uftier of the Black

Rod.....- -

John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods - -

The Under Keepers of Cranburn Chafe - -

John Scott and Thomas Bring, Keepers of His Majesty’s Council Chamber

John Earl of Tilttey, Warden of Waltham'Forest -

Mary Magdalen Taylor, Keeper of His Majesty’s Wardrobe at Hampton Court -

John Ibbutt attending the Printing Press ——

Henry Folkes, Esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, His Majesty's Surveyor General -

John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

The Clerks of the Privy Council ——

Hugh Earl of Marchmont, £. 1,500 a Year -

James Lord Somerville, £.800 a Year ——

John Earl of Hopetoun - D° -

John Earl of Finlaler - D* -

Alexander Earl of Galloway D° -

John Earl of Hyndford - D® -

Scholto Charles Douglas, commonly called Lord Aberdour, D* - - - r

William Earl of Sutherland, £.500 a Year -

James Coutts and Thomas Coutts, to be disposed of by them for His Majesty’s Service £. 600 a Year -

Norman Macleod, Esquire, £. 400 a Year ——

Lord George Hay - -D® -

James Grant, Esquire, - D® -

George Earl of Crawford, £. 350 a Year - -

Donald Lord Raey, £.300 aYear - -'-

James Lord Forbes, £. 200 a Year - .

John Lord Gray - -D ® ——

Sir Robert Stewart, Baronet, £. 400 a Year -

Alexander Lord Banff, £. 200 a Year

Andrew St. Clair, Junior, Esquire, D® -

Lady Catharine Wemyfs, 100 a Year ——

Lady Mary Campbell, £. 50 a Year ——

Richard Hamond, Esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer Charles Yorke, Esquire, His Majesty’s Solicitor General, for himself and Clerks John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons -Henry Earl-of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer Charles Pratt, Esquire, late His Majesty’s Attorney General, for himself and Clerk -Thomas Duke of Leeds, Warden and Chief Justice in of His Majesty’s Forests, &c. beyond Trent ——

More, on an Annuity of £. 2,000 -

Robert Earl of Holdcrnesse, on his Annuity of £. 4,100 -

Shailet Turner, D. L. Professorof Modern History in the University of Cambridge

Charles Fitzroy Scudamore, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Tennis Court

Joseph Spence, A. M. Professor of Modern History in the University of Oxford

Sir Thomas Allen, Baronet, One of His Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms -

George Perrot, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

Kliab Harvey, Esquire - - - - D® -

Edward Willes, Esquire ,-- D® -

Henry Banks, Esquire - - - - D® -

John Tabor Kentpe, Esquire, Attorney General for the Province of New York Executors of Robert Barber, Esquire, late Second Secondary in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office ——

George Hay, Esquire, late His Majesty’s Advocate General -

Thomas Major, Gentleman, Engraver of Seals to His Majesty -

V°L. 31.

6 Z

& h d.

853 8 11*

375 -

375 -

311 5 —

*»54° — — 500 — — 500 — —

625-----

625 — — 60----

97 10 —

300 — —

15----

i5----

35-----

6c6 10 —

57 6 8

*5°-----

101 12 io*

4 6 2*

30-----

I08 15 — 270 — —

5 10 —

60----

250 — — 200 — —

60-----

400 — —

1,500----

800----

600 — —

600----;

600 — —

800 -

800 — —

375 ----- (

450----

400 — —

30°-----

17 4 10

262 — —

75-----

150-----

t$o-----

4H 5

,5°-----

150-----

5°-----

.50-----

4°-----

171 16 10J SCO — —

200' — -

65 3

27 19 7* 65 17 aI

37 *7

H

7 e

544

12° Januarii.

A. 1770.

To IVilltdinSharpe and Jeremiah Dyson, Esquires, late Commissioners for executing the

Office of Keeper of his Majesty’s Privy Seal - - .

Officers of the Ordnance -

Philip Sharpe, Esquire, for the Four Under Clerks of the Privy Council William Popple, Esquire, Governor and Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Bermuda or Summer Islands - -

Robert Cholmondeley, Esquire, Surveyor and Auditor General of all His Majesty’s Revenues arising in America -

Benjamin Carpenter, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of -

( Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, late Governor of the Wand of Barbadoes'

Corbyn Morris, Esquire, His Majesty’s Agent for His Wand of Newfoundland -Francis Baron Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of the Wand of Antigua -Charles Pinfold, Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Wand of Barbadoes ——

Thomas Boone, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over the Province of South Carolina -

Arthur Dobbs, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief in the Province of North Carolina -

James Johvjkn, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Wand of Nevis r -

George Thomas, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over all -the Charibbee Wands - -

The Representatives of Gilbert Fleming, Esquire, late Lieutenant Governor of the Wand of St. Christopher ——

Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pells -James Poole, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of St. Christophers The Judges'of England, on their Fees and Augmentation of their Salaries William Noel, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester, -

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -

Nor borne Berkeley, Esquire, Constable of the Forest of - - .

Messengers.

To Edward Bryant, Messenger of his Majesty’s Chamber -

William Weeks Barnejley, D* -

John Jones, John Oldnall, Peter Dubourg, and John Walker, the Four Messengers attending the Receipt of Exchequer, for travelling Charges, &c. Termly Bills, and Allowances -

John Oldnall, Peter Dubourg, John Walker, and Thomas Harrifsn, the Four Messengers attending the Receipt of Exchequer, D° -

John Jones, One of the above Messengers, for Travelling Charges -

John Oldnall - - - another, for D° -

Peter Dubourg - another, for D® -

John Walker - - - another, for D° - -

Thomas Harrison - - another, for D° -

John Bright, One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, for Travelling Charges

DevcreuxDavis - - another, for D* - -

Thomas Potter - - another, for D* -

William Colebrooke - / - another, for D° -

Henry Ballowe - - another, for D° -

He ry Henderson, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer - -

More, for Travelling Charges - -

James Stevenson - - another -

More, for Travelling Charges ——

Fees, Perpetuities, &c.

To Doctor John Kelley, Professor of Physic in the University of Oxford -

Richard Stonehewer, Arm. Knight Harbinger -

Corporation of Berwick - - - - 1- ——

George Onslow, Esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

Thomas Wynne, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -

Henry Shelley and Michael Warden, Esquires, as the other -

Heirs of Nicholas Tates ——

Schoolmaster of Southwell -

llis Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland - - - - , -

Officers and Clerks of the Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bills -....., -

D°, on their Fees ——

William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenue -

John Earl of Afliburnham, Ranger of St. James's Park -

John Earl of Bredalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent Richard Earl Temple, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Council Records -

William Sharpe, Esquire, et al. Clerks of the Privy Council -

John Pitt, Eiqu;re, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods . - -

Officers of the Ordnance -

Charles Yorke, Esquire, His Majesty’s Solicitor General - *

jr. s. d.

572----

146 15 9±

300 — —

255----

187 10 — too — — 800 — —

300-----

100 — —

2,000 -

1,000 --- a —

7 50----

300-----

1,200 ——

97 16 6£ *95 s 4

50-----

28,019 to 5

930-----

762 10 —

358 8 *f

29 10 — 3168

4o4----

80 — —

332 *5 —

270 17 6

319 17 6

443-----

59-----

44-----

128-----

128-----

*46 *3 4

*33 6 8 24 12 —

68 t 6

24 12 — 68 2 6

40-----

195 16 8

loo — —

450-----

400 — -7-

300 — —

*50----

10 — — -25,000 — —

5,900 — T ---

715 8 it

100 — — 892 17 6

166 13 4

96-----

500 — — 1,000 — —

120 13 o

475 *4 4

60 8 2

To

io Geo. III.

I a® Januarii

545

To University of Cambridge, Perpetuity -

Heirs of Colonel Fairfax - D® -

George Earl of KinnoulD° -

Dr. Robert Jenner, Professor and Reader of Law in Oxford -George Perrot, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law Richard AJion, Esquire - another

Fletcher Norton, Esquire - another - . - .

William De Grey, Esquire another -

Thomas Sewell, Esquire - - another -

Sir Thomas Allin, Baronet, Serjeant at Arms -

John Brifiozv, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions, &c. in the T wer of London Henry Gould, Esquire, late One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -Charles Ambler, Esquire - another -

Vicars of Litchfield -

Dr. RujfellPlum-tree, Reader of Physic in Cambridge -

Edward Willes, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law Eliah Harvey, Esquire - - another.

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park . - .

King’s Heralds and Purfiuivants at Arms - - .

George Duke of St. Albans, Mailer of the Hawks to His Majesty *

Her Majesty Queen Charlotte ——

Robert Lord Henley, Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain -

Arthur Onslow, Esquire ——

William Pitt, Esquire - . -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent

Henry Darby Gardiner, Clerk of the Nichills -

John Duke of Bedford, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Watchmen

Sir Martin Wright, Knight

The Mailers in Chancery ——

William Spicer, Esquire, late a Mailer in Chancery - - .

Thomas Anguish, Esquire, late another - - - -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, His Majesty’s Surveyor General -Lewis L.trd Sondes, Auditor of the Imprell - -

Henry Banks, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -William Pitt, Esquire, late One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State Charles Earl of Egremont, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State John Earl of Bute - - another -

Henry Gould, Esquire, late One of the Barons of the Exchequer -

George Hay, L. L. Advocate General -

William Sharpe and Jeremiah Dyson, Esquires, late Commissioners for executing the Office of Keeper of the Privy Seal ——

William Aiflabie, Esquire, Auditor of the Imprell -

Sir Richard Lloyd, Knight, late One of the Barons of the Exchequer -

John Scott, et al. Keepers of the Council Chamber -

University of Oxford, for a Preacher, Henry 7th

Martha Bonfoy, Widow, Housekeeper at Newmarket -

Sir Thomas Alim, Baronet, et al. Serjeants at Arms -

Harry Btirrard, Esquire, Ranger of New Forest -

George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Windsor Castle -

William Earl of Derby, and others, Ministers of the Isle of Man -' Claudius Amy and, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -Sir Charles Coticrell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies

Stephen Cotter ell, Esquire, Aflillant Mailer of D® -

King’s Serjeants at Arms -

Chrijis Church Hospital - -

Dean and Chapter of Wefinunfter --- - - - - *

Christopher Seaton, Gentleman, Engraver of Seals to His Majesty -Edward Finch, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s private Roads -Sir John Willes, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Common Pleas - -

Samuel Lord Masham, King’s Remembrancer -

University of Oxford, for Lady Margaret's Profcfibr ——

Samuel Burroughs, Arm. late One of the Mailers in Chancery -. '

William Graves, Esquire, One of the Mailers in Chancery -

Charles Pratt, Esquire, late His Majesty’s Attorney General -

Sir Matthew Lamb, Baronet, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire* His Majesty’s Latin Secretary

John Tracey Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer -

John Shelly, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe ——

William Lord Viscount Barrington, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer -

Executors of Jane Kien, late Housekeeper at Kensington -

John SujfieldBrown, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Heralds -

Charles Frewen, Esquire, another - - - - <*

Lady Mary Churchill, Housekeeper at Kensington -

John Truefdale, Gentleman, Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty -

Vol. 32.

10 s. d.

Oi too — —

*.750 — *

- - 40 — —

- - 42 3 id

m m 42 3 10

m 33 16 if

- 42 3 10

- . - 42 3 10

- - 96 5 —

- - 136 *7 6

m - 25 5 *4

- - 36 *3 8*

- - *5 — —

- 3° — —

- - 42 3 10

- - 42 3 10

- - 138 12 —

420 — —

2.745 -

42,500----

5.000 -

3.000 -

3.000 -

100 — —

20----

286----

365----

1.000 — —

1,050----

19 11 9

5 3 1

800 — —

63 16 10

52 2 10

85 !5 7*

25 5 *

117 6 94

46 1 —

24 2 9i

-43-----

66 13 4

192 19 7I

118 15 — 10 — —

150-----

*47 8 —

375 -

134----

75----

150 — —

150 — —

164 6 8

589 12 —

37° 10 —

60 — —

37 2 34

34 8 —

105 5 3

55 *7 4

>3 6 8

3 8 u£

*7.4

45 18 — |

42 3 10

8t>

163 6 8

47 4 z

125 *5 — t

80 16 8

26 *3 4

*6 *3 4

*43 6 8

196 5 *oi

T®

54

12* Januarfi.

A. 1770*

To Fellows of Eton College -

Edward Thurlow, Esquire, One of His Majesty’sCounfel at Law - - 4 4

Sir Charles Pratt, Knight, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas -

Executors of Sir Simeon Stuart, Baronet, late One of the Chamberlains of the Exchequer

Sir Simeon Stuart, Baronet, One of the Chamberlains of the Exchequer -

John Bor lace. Gentleman, Deputy to D* - -

Richard Stevenson - D° -

Michael Crane, et al. Apothecaries to His Majesty -

Corporation of Dartmouth - - " -

Dr. Samuel Nichols, Master of the Temple - -

Horatio IVilpole, Esquire, Comptroller of the Pipe -

Robert Cranmer, Esquire, One of the Secondaries of the Pipe Office -

Joseph Hornby, Esquire - - another -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Churchwardens of St. Botolph ——

Ann Blackerby, Housekeeper of the House of Peers -

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield -

Churchwardens of St. Michael, Cornhill -

D° - of St. John Baptist ——

D® - of St. Marnus - -

John Newcome, Reader of Divinity in the University of Cambridge -

The University of Cambridge, for a Preacher, Henry 7th -

The Master and Fellows of Emanuel College, in the University of Cambridge Officers of the Works -

C s. *

31 10 — 4 16 6 5

*38 3 if

‘7 15 2 43 — 7

15 -

7 16 —

75 u 7 60 — —

37 6 8

40-----

IO----

IO -

43 6 8

926 10 — —

12 4 —

7 >3 4 2148

13 6 8

IO-----

16 14 4

438 13

740,214 18 91-

Exchequer, the 12 th Day of January 1770.

E. Wilford.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have bean iflited and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 25th Day of October 1760 to the 25th February 1769; distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 25th Day of October 1762 to the 25th Day of 1763.

To John Earl of Bute

Sir William Breton, Knight

Privy Purse.

Secret and Special Service.

To Charles Earl of Egremont -

George Dunk Earl of Halifax - -

George Grenville, Esquire -Samuel Martin, Esquire - -

Anthony Todd, Esquire -

Messrs. George and Robert Udttey -

Charles Jenkinson, Esquire -

John Nichols, Esquire -

Band of Pensioners. To Charles Lloyd, Esquire - -

President of the Council.

To the Executors of John Earl Granville - - .

Keepers of the Privy Seal.

To Edouard Wefion, William Sharpe, and James Riven, Esquires

£ s' d. 40,000 — — 8,000----

2,992 5 4*

2,215 IO 4I 1,105 >8 2!

41.000 — —

4,660 5 —

10.000 —

5.000 — —

5.000 -

s. L

48,000 — —

71,973 18 nf

6,060 — —

965 10 4

88a-----

Master

io GeO. III.

12° Januarii.

) . Master of the Jewels.

To Sir Richard Lyttelton., Knight of the Bath

Henry Earl of Darlington - ’

198 6 8

I51 l3 4

To Thomas

King's Goldsmith.

Pensions, Bounties, Cantingence6,. and all other Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever; viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys, (Ac.

To John Duke of Bedford,. Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most

Christian King - -

Richard NevillJ Neville, . Esquire, Secretary to the above Embassy - -

David-Vtfcount Sjormont, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at the Con-

gressat thelmperial.City at Augsburgk .-. John Earl of Buckinghamshire, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Emperor of Ruff a -

Joseph Popham, Esquire, Consul General at Tetuan -

John Murray, Esquire, Resident at the Republic of -

Thomas Robinson, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy at Augsbourg Charles Holzendorjf, Esquire, for Services performed to His Majesty in Foreign Parts

John Burnaby, Esquire, until he shall be provided for in His Majesty’s Service -Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, until he shall be provided for in His Majesty’s Service James Bruce, Esquire, Consul at Algiers -

James Holford, Esquire, Consul at Geneva -

Andrew Mitchell, Esquire, Minister at the Court of PrtiJJia -Brinley Skinner, Esquire,. until he shall be provided for in His Majesty’s Service -Sir Joseph Torke, Knight, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces -

Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Resident with the Great Duke of Tuscany Sir James Gray, Baronet, Envoy Extraordinary and Prenipotentiary to the King of the Two Sicilies ——

Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, Resident at the Court of Sweden - -

Thomas Wroughton, Esquire, Resident at the Court of the King of Poland Philip Stanhope, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns - - 951 — —

D° - -„ Envoy Extraordinary at Ratijbon - - 965-----

Robert Keith, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Russia Burringlon Goldfworthy, Esquire, Consul at Cadiz, (Ac. - -

Michael Hatton, Esquire, Consul at the Ports of OJlend, Nieuport, and Bruges -

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, late Minister at the Court of Brussels - -

Isaac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul at Naples - -

Walter Tit ley, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark -Archibald Cleveland, Esquire, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Emperor of Fez and Morocco -Charles Gordon, Esquire, Consul General at Tunis - -

Robert White, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli -

Charles Earl of Northampton, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Republic of Venice ——

Colonel John Clavering, Resident at the Court of the Landgrave of Hesse -

Richard Bagot, Esquire, Secretary to the Embassy to the Republic of Venice Robert Colebrooke, Esquire, Minister at the Swiss Cantons -Edward Hay, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Faithful

King - - - - -....

George Pitt, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia -

James Porter, Esquire, Ambassador at Constantinople -

Hemy Grenville, Esquire, Ambassador at the Ottoman Porte -Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire, Agent and Consul at Algiers -James Tilfott, Esquire, Consul at Cadiz and Port St. Mary in Spain -

John Earl of Sandwich, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic

King ..... _---

Richard Phellps, Esquire, Secretary to the above Embassy -

George Hobart, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Court of Russia Ralph Woodford, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns -

Francis Earl of Hertford, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Christian King -

Benjamin Langlois, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Emperor

and Empress of Russia -

James Porter, Esquire, Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of Brussels -Willi&m Henry Earl of Rockford, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King -

Edward Ligonier, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King Jaime Arbona, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Emperor of Fez and Morocco ——

Vol. 32. .7 A

547

L L d,

35o-----

13,111 12 It

3,8oo — —

1,222 — —

5*549 — —

4,000 — — 487 16 — *

L *395----

450 14 —

.300 — —

411-----

423 — —

1,035 11 6

187 10 — 0

5,460 -

411-----

4,713 10 —

1,402 — —

2,59* -

1,044-----

U395 -

i,9i6----

4>932 — — 100 — —

15°-----

822 — —

3°° — —

1,670 — —

1,763 16 —

375 -

535 -

3,100 — —

1*795 16 —

1,030----

1,182 — —

2,409 -

2,000 -

126 I9 9

1»365----

292 13 9

5°-----

3,200-----

582 — —

564----

579 -

2.800 — —

484 — — -

960 —

2.800 — —

486-----

304-----

To

12* Januarii.

A. 1770.

To Stanier Porten, Esquire, Consul General at Madrid - -

Dudley Alexander Sidney Crosby, Esquire, Resident at the Court of Denmark Sir Charles Bunbury, Baronet, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Most Christian King -

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

To William Teale, towards defraying the Charge of his Passageto North Carolina - -Devereux Jarrat - - - D® to Virginia -

Roger ViEls - - - D® to New England - -

Joshua Wingal ----- D° to D* -

William Buckham - - - - D® to Virginia - -

Nicolas Kemp, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of for an Over Payment -

William Rowe, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Lincoln - - D®

Sn/anna Dawson, Widow and Administratrix of John Esquire, late Sheriff of

the County of Surrey - - - " - »- D® -

William Thomas, the Younger, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Sujfeso D*

James Theobald, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Berks - - D®

James Clifton and Benjamin Atkinson, Gentlemen, late Sheriffs of the City of York, D® Sackville Earl of Thanet, Sheriff of the County of - D*

Sir Nathaniel Nash and Sir Roberj Cartwright, Knights, Sheriffs of the City of London and County of Middlesex - - - - D®

Richard Barry, Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of Chester D* - -

Thomas Sharpe, Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of Rutland D® - -

Thomas Powys, Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of Salop - D®

Philip Enouf, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Cornwall - - D®

Sir Samuel Hellier, Knight, late Sheriff of the County of Worcester D® -

Prince Sutton, Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of Wilts D®

Thomas Bradylle, Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of Lancaster - D® - -

Simon Taylor, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Bedford - - D* -

William Ellis, Esquire ——

—— Clarke, for the Sufferers by Fire at Wareham, in the County of Dorset Lieutenant Colonel Edward Nugent, for bringing the News of the Reduction of the Havanna ——

Captain Gujlavus Guy dickens, for bringing an Account of the Surrender of Cajfel Richard Neville Neville, Esquire, for bringing the Definitive Treaty lately concluded at Paris ——

Lady Viscountess Irwin, for the Use of Charles Douglas, for bringing the News of the

re-taking the Island of Newfoundland.....*

Captain Anketell Singleton, for bringing News from Valent a Dalcantera -

Captain Lemuel Schuldam, for bringing News from the Grenadots -Dr. Samuel Chandler ——

Ann Smallridge -

Francis Lord Hawley ——

The Reverend John James Majendie, et al. -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset -Lieutenant-Colonel Scott, for bringing the News of the Conquest of the Manillas Captain Richard Kempenfeldt, D® ——

Captain Robert Fletcher, for bringing the Colours and Trophies of Victory from Manilla ——

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to His Majesty, for Baron Knyphaufen, Envoy Extraordinary from the King of Prussia -More, for Prince Sanfeverino Albeirtini, Envoy from the King of the Two Sicilies More, for Baron Wittorff, Envoy from the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJ'el -More, for a Present to Monsieur D'Eon, Secretary to the Duke De Nivernois -More, for the Duke De Nivernois -

More, for Morofini, Ambassador from the Republic of Venice -

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies, for Querini, Ambassador from the Republic of Venice -

More, for Bertindis, Secretary to the above Embassy -

More, for Agozzie, Secretary to the above Embassy -

James Reynolds, for transacting several Matters relating to the Lotteries Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, for Count Envoy from the King of Sardinia Captain John Campbell, for bringing the News of the Re-taking the Island of Newfoundland ——

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to His Majesty, for Monsieur Boreil, Ambassador from Holland -

More, for Baron De Witz, Envoy from Strelitz - -

Stephen Cotterell, Esquire, Marshal of the Ceremonies for the Secretary of Monsieur Boreil ——

Captain Henry Cunningham, for bringing News from Luttenberg -Captain Augustus Harvey, for bringing News from the Havanna -William Prior Johnson, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Essex, for Conviction of Felons ——

Thomas Gregory, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Kent - D*

£ x» 1,000 —

576----

486 — —

20 — —

ao — —

20 — — 20 — — 20 — — 102 3 8 17 — 9

14- 4

14 2 4 6

56 13 it 10 5 11 38 19 8

7 65 13 —

106 10 8

T5 *7 3

>28 11 i£

59 11 49 *5

5° 15

75 —

30 8

850 —

500 —

4

3

6

7

500 — — 500 — —

1,000 — —

coo — — 500 — —

500----

850 — — loo — — loo — —

500----

100 — — I 500 — — 500----

500 — —

554 1 6 554 1 6

330 16 — 126 9 —

1,083 »5 — i>°83 15 —

868 iz 6

126 9 —

126 9 —

100 — —

545 19 ~

500---- f

L083 1 c 330 16 —

126 9 —

500 — — 500 — —

330----

40----

T«

io Geo. III.

12® Januarit.

549

To Thomas Gatehouse, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of for Conviction

of Felons -

George inflow, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County D° -

Thomas'Hattrell, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of - D®

Thomas Gulflfn, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Somerset - - D*

- George Dumford, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Southampton D®

William Dewing, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the City of Norwich D° - -

Francis Gregg, Esquire, Under Sheriff of the County of Middlesex - D°

Edward Clarke, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Oxford D® - -

Benedict Marwood Tucker, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Devon D®

Thomas Blackburn, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Lancaster - D*

John Cope Freeman, Elqulre, Sheriff* of the County of Hertford - D®

John Chatfield, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Surrey William Davis, Gentleman, to reimburse Expences and to pay Bills of Exchange John Lord Vifcourit Bateman, for his extraordinary Charge for Horses, (Ac. as Mailer of the Buck Hounds - -

Samuel Wilson, Gentleman, for incident Charges for the Lottery, Anno 1763 Henry Rooke, Gentleman, Chief Clerk of the Records in the Tower of London, for incident Charges and Expences -

Thomas Wyndham, Esquire, for the Purchase of a House in Fall Mall -

Samuel Wright, for the Rent of a House in Whitehall used for the Privy Seal Office Nicholas Bonfoy, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms, attending the House of Commons, for a Bill of Disbursements ——

Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, and other Clerks of the House of Commons -

Joseph Wight, Esquire, and other Clerks of the House of Peers -John Billington, Esquire, Chief Bailiff* of the Tower of London, for a Bill of Disbursements -

Richard Jephfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers Sir Thomas Harrison, Knight, Chamberlain of the City of London, for the Poor of the City of London ——

Arthur Vansittart, Esquire, for Rent of Mote Park, laid into His Majesty’s Great Park

at Windsor ——

Nathan Carrington, Esquire, to defray the Expences of the Cherokee Chiefs -John Tucker, E (quire, towards rebuilding the Parish Church upon the Island of Portland Sir Jeffery Elwes, Knight, Treasurer to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy -

The Sheriff’s of England and Wales, for Expences in passing their Accounts, (Ac.

The Governor and Company of the Chelsea Water-Works, for supplying the Treasury with Water ' ——

? ohnStewart, for Transporting of Felons ——

*he Officers and Clerks of the Tally Court for levying Tallies -

Robert Marsh, Esquire, to be paid to the Widow of---- — Esquire, for sundry

Expences in His Majesty’s Service -

Lord George Beauclerk, Ranger of Bagshot Rails in Windsor Forest, for Turnips for the U(e of the Deer ——

John Earl of Ashburnham, Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring in the Summer Season, 1762 ——

Timothy Brent, to be applied to such Purposes as the Commissioners for paving the Streets in Westminster shall direct - - - -\-

Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, for Printing and other Works for the Service of the said House - -

Sir John Fielding, Knight, Chairman of the Session of Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster , for Dinners for the Magistrates, and for other Services

Robert Nunn, for catching, carting, and feeding Deer in Windsor Great Park,

The Governors and Guardians of the Foundling Hospital -John Larpent, Esquire, for Rent and Taxes of a House in Clevland Row, employed as an Office for One of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State -William Duke of Cumberland to complete the Sum of £. 54,000 for the Purchase of certain Jewels ——

John Larpent, Esquire, for the Relief of Foreign ProteRants -John Elly, Keeper of the Well Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road from the said Gate to Kensington Palace -

Joseph Richardson, Esquire, to reimburse Expences and to pay Bills of Exchange John Clevland, Junior, Esquire, to pay a Bill of Exchange -The Managers and Directors of the Lottery -

William Earl of Stafford, Farmer of the Poll Fines -

Samuel Smith and Richard Stevcnfon, Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, for joining Tallies ——

Charles Sloan Cadogan, Esquire, to pay Ground Rents for a House in Pall, Mall, belonging to his Royal Highness Edward Duke of Fork - -

Vincent Mathias, Esquire, to pay One Year’s House Rent, (Ac. hired for Sir George Savile, Baronet ——

Sir Charles Sheffield, Baronet, in Part of the Purchase of an Estate called Buckingham House, with Intercll on the fame. -

VOL. 32.

£. s. d.

r6o

200

40

20

80

20

49°

20

120

40

250

40

14,076

700

3.50°

60

7,140

205

13 3

375 970 400

207

74

12 —

18 3

7 —

18 6

*5 6 10 —

1,000 — ,

323

218

9 —

6 6

500----

14,000

4.000

105

1,760

712

218

70

200

7.000

8 —

8 —

6 6

200 12 —

120

59

10.000

607

14.000 500

65 2>7H *.59° 3 A 5° 86 5

156

316

448

7*775

8 7

1 —

16 —

11 — 16

19 6

18 —

19 —

— 8 To

12° Jama

A. 177 a.

To Peter Roberts, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of , in Satisfaction of a Bill of Import on Wines -

Francis Davis, Esquire, Receiver General of Taxes for the County of Monmouth Lawrence Natter, for engraxing Seals for His Majesty Coronation, and for other Purports ——

y>hn Brifiowe, Gentleman, for extraordinary Expences in keeping an additional Number of Wild Beads in the Tower of London -

Peter Howe, Esquije, Receiver General of Taxes for the Counties of and

Cumberland ——

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer - .

John Walker, Esquire, Usher of the Court of Exchequer -

Annuities, Allowances, &V.

To Her Royal High n els the Princess Dowager of Wales -

Edward Duke of York ——

Edward Le Grand, Baronet, Treasurer to Prince William Henry and Prince Henry Frederick ——

The Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer Sir Francis Dashwood, Baronet, Chance llor and Under Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer \ - -

George Grenville, Esquire D° -

Charles Loxvndes, Esquire, and other Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury -Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of His Majesty’s Treasury Charles Palmer, and others, for their Attendance at the Treasury -Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records relating to the forfeited Estates in England ——

John Keene, Esquire D° ——

Robert Jennings, Esquire, for his extraordinary Service in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer - -

Bartholomew Lucas, Gentleman, for keeping the Registers of the public Loans in the said O dice -

John Jackson, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate -

Abraham Farley, Esquire, Senior Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer

John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London -

More, for Three Clerks in the said Office - -

Henry Rooke, Gentleman, Chief Clerk in the said Office - -

Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer

More, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster -

Charles Earl of Egremont, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State

George Grenville, Esquire - - another.

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent

Lionel Cranfield Duke of Dorset, Constable of Dover Castle -

Thomas Earl of Kinnoul, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster -John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent Robert Earl of Holderness - -

John Earl of AJliburnham, Ranger of Hyde Park -

More, as Keeper of St. James's Park -

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State George Duke of St. Albans -

The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom -

Charles Townshend, Esquire, late First Commissioner for D° -John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners, for himself and Clerks More, for incident Charges ——

Samuel Lord Sandys - -

William Earl of Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold -John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter -Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

Sir John Cujt, Baronet, Speaker of the House of Commons -The Clerks of the Privy Council - - - _

John Earl of Bute, Ranger and Keeper of His Majesty’s Park at Richmond

Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, Solicitor of His Majesty’s Treasury - -

William Duke of Devonshire, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold

George Duke of Marlborough, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold

Robert Earl of Orford, Keeper of Hyde Park -

More, as Keeper of St. James's Park -

Francis Earl of Huntingdon, Groom of the Stole to His Majesty -Henry Earl of Lincoln, One of the Gentleman of His Majesty’s Bedchamber William Earl of Coventry - - - - another -

Charles Marquis of Rockingham - - another -

John Earl of Buckinghamshire - another -

James Marquis of Carnarvon - - - another -

Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth - - another -

Alexander Earl of Eglington - another -

£ d.

idz 18 —

264 2 6

265 3

91 5 —

2x5 13 6

9,702 18 3

625 10 10

10.000 — —

12.000 — —

8.000 — —

8.000 — —

848 7 — f

752 12 Ilf

2,650-----

200 -

200 --

74O-----

I50 —

120 II l£

29 8 iof

100 — —

5° -

20 -

40-----

173 12 2f

112 lO ---

I75-----

Sz5-----

600 — —

1,850-----

684 9 —

1,783 6 8

2.050 -

262 x8 7f 750-----

2.050 -

45 19 6i 10 6 iof

1,366 4 8

500-----

4.000 -

146 13

SnS-----

905 19 — 402 15 6f 770-----.

57°, 5 —

50-----

1,500 — — 200 — - —

34 —

500 — —

9°5 3 Si 1,120 13 9^*

358 *7

*5 lS ~

2.000 -

364 18 10

1.000 — —

250-----

1.000 -

1,000 -

1,000 — —

lo Geo. III.

12° Janu

To Uyilllam Earl of March, One of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber George Henry Earl of Litchfield - another -

Thomas Lord Bruce - another -

Edward Earl of Oxford - another - -

Peregrine Duke of Ancajier - another . - -

Francis Earl of Hertford - another - - - - . *

Hugh Earl of Northumberland >- another -

George Earl of Orfiord - - another - .

'John Earl of Ashbitrnkam - - - another -

William Lord Viscount Pulteney - - another -

Robert Lord Bertie ----- another -

Bajil Earl of Denbigh - - - - another -

Frederick St. John Lord Viscount Bolingbroke another -

Samuel Lord Majliam- - - - another -

George Earl of Pomfret . - - - - another - -

Henry Earl of Pembroke - - - * another -

George Duke of Mane heft er- another -

Lord Willoughby De Broke - another - - .

William Finch, Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold -

John Offiey, Esquire, One of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bedchamber . - . - -

Charles Fitzroy, Esquire - - - another - - .

George SchutZy Esquire - - - - another -

Spencer Compton, Esquire - - another -

James Peachey, Esquire - .* another -

Sir William Breton, Knight - - another - -

Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire - - - another - -

Norborne Berkeley, Esquire - - - another

George Pitt, Esquire - - - - another -

William Northey, Esquire - - - another -

John Waldegrave, Esquire another - -

Edmund Nugent, Esquire - - - another

Edward Cornwallis, Esquire - - another

James Wright, Esquire - - - another -

John Mordaunt, Esquire >- another - -

Commodore Augustus Keppcl - another -

John Mojlyn, Esquire - another -

William Davis, Gentleman, for the Servants of the late Princess Caroline -

Doctor Robert Smith, Matter of Mechanics to His Majesty - - - - .

The Keepers of the Council Chamber

Thomas Dring, Gentleman, for the Under Clerks of the Privy Council Hugh Earl or Marchmont, on £. 1,500 aYear - -

James Lord Somerville, on 800 aYear- - -

John Earl of Hopetoun ? D® - - - , _ - -

John Earl of Finlater - D° - -

Alexander Earl of Galloway D

John Earl of Hyttdfqrd - D* - -

Sholto Charles Douglas, commonly called Lord Aberdour - - . D#

William Earl of Sutherland, on £. 500 aYear James Coutts and Thomas Coutts, to be disposed of by them for His Majesty’s Service, on £. 600 a Year - -

Norman Macleod, Esquire, on £. 400 a Year -

Lord George Hay - - D* - - - - -

Sir Robert Stewart, Baronet - D° - _ - - . - . - -

George Earl of Crawford, on aYear - - - - -.

James Lord Forbes, on £, 200 a Year -

John Lord Gray' - D® ——

Alexander Lord Banff - D® ——

Andrew St. Clair D° -

Lady Catharine Wemyfs, on £. 100 a Year - -

Lady Mary Campbell, on£. 50. a Year . -

Francis Lord Napier, on £. 800 a Year -

Nathaniel BI ifs. Clerk, on £. 250 a Year -

Lord George Raey, on £. 300 a Year. -

Henry Teh er ton, Esquire, late One of the Commissioners in the Wine-Licence Office Philip Medows, Esquire - another - -

James Ramsden, Esquire - - - - another -

William Adams, Esquire - - - - another - - -#

__John Pearson, late Cashier in the above Office -

Charles Bembridge, late Secretary and Comptroller in the above Office . -. - .

More, as Messenger ——

Gilbert East, late Comptroller General in the above Office - -

Ann Parke, late Office-Keeper to the above Commissioners - - - . - .

The Executors of Samuel Lemon, late Mefl’enger.in the above Office . - . - .

William Chetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Interludes, Plays, dffc. - -

Edward Capell, Esquire, Deputy Examiner of D® -

Vol. 32. 7 B

55*

I s. d.

- - -i,coo

- - 69 11 9

- 1,000 — —

- - 1,000 —

- 75° — —

1.000 — —

250-----

1.000 -

364 18 10

605 I 1 13

1,000. — —

241 l5 If

1,000 —

1,000 —

680 8 3

222 12 -i

597 14 _ I 4

5" 9 I of

600 —

209 *5 4i

232 lS 2

232 l5 2

500 — —

500 — —

500 — .

500 — -, _

500 — —

500 — —

500 — —

500 — —

509 —

500 — - —

272 19 . 9

231 18 1 of

500 — —

311 5

*5° — —

54 11 2$

300 — —

75° —

600 — —

136 1 7 i

600

609 —

600 —

600 — —

375 — —

45° — —

285 11 if

300 — . — 285 n* 1$ 262 10 —

1S°----

150----

i5o —

150----

100 — — .

37 I° — 463 18

182 6 io|

45°-----

coo — —

500----

62c----

625 — —

80----,

130 — — 20 — —

3°o----

20 — — 4 1 1

300 — —

150----

T«

55*

12’ Janti

A.

1770.

To Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies to His Majesty -

Henry Folkes, Esquire, Messenger of the M oft noble Order of the Bath -

Sir Septimus Robinson, Knight, Gentleman Usher Black Rod -John Earl Tylney, Warden of His Majesty’s Forest of Waltham -The Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher -

The Judges of England, in Augmentation of their Salaries - -

William Noel, Esquire, late Chief Justice of; in Augmentation of his Salary -Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of , D° -

John Tracy Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer, D* - -

John Pollen, Esquire,' Chief Justice of Carmarthen -

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, -

John Harvey, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -

James Hayes, Esquire, Second Justice of Carnarvon Daines Barrington, Esquire, Chief Justice of D*

The Representatives of Rogers Holland, late Chief Justice of D#

Robert Nunn, Gentleman, Porter of the Outward Gate of Windsor Cattle, tdc. -John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk Assistant to the House of Commons -The Executors of Shallet Turner, L.D. late Profefi'or of Modern History in the University of Cambridge ——

Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer John Tabor Kemp, Esquire, Attorney General at New York -The Clerks and Officers of the Exchequer - -

The Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office -

William Duke of Cumberland, Keeper and Lieutenant of Windsor Forest -

Abraham Farley, and John Borlafe, Deputy Chamberlains of JHis Majesty’s Exchequer ——

Robert Herbert, Esquire, Surveyor General of all His Majesty’s Lands

The Mayor and Corporation of Lyme Regis - -

Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pells -

Pri ncefs Amelia, late Ranger of Hampton Court Park - -

John Shelly, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

Edward Finch, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s private Roads, and Guide of his Royal Person - -

Lawrence Brockett, B. D. Professor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas Andrew Stone, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s State Papers at Whitehall Charles Yorke, Esquire, His Majesty’s Attorney General, for himself and Clerk Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, His Majesty’s Solicitor General -Joseph Spence, A.M. Professor of Modern History in the University of Oxford -Henry Masterman, Esquire, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -

Nor borne Berkeley, Esquire, Constable of the Forest of Dean -The Executor of Charles Earl Cornwallis, late Constable of the Tower of London -Richard Hamond, Esquire, Foreign Appoier in the Court of Exchequer ... John Ibbutt, Messenger appointed to look after the Printing Press - -

Benjamin Carpenter, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Montserrat - -

Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, for Services performed as late Governor of Barbadoes Corbyu Morris, Esquire, Agent for Newfoundland -

Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Antigua -Arthur Dobbs, Esquire, Governor of North Carolina -

John Johnsion, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Nevis.

Robert Cholmondeley, Esquire, Surveyor and Auditor General of His Majesty’s Revenues arising in America -

Thomas Boone, Esquire, Governor of South Carolina - -

William Popple, Esquire, Governor of the Bermuda Islands -

James Poole, Esquire, lieutenant Governor of the Island of St,. Chrfiopher -Charles Pinfold, Esquire, Governor of the Island of Barbadoes -

George Thomas, Esquire, Governor of the Leeward Caribbee Islands ... Wilfiam Shirley, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Baham.. Islands

JJrael Mauduit, Esquire, Agent for Newfoundland -

* Messengers.

To William Weeks Baneftey, Messenger of His Majesty's Chamber - -

John Oldnall, Peter Dubourg, John Walker, and Thomas Harrison, the Four Messengers at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for Travelling Charges, Terraly Bills, Vc.

John Oldnall, One of the above Messengers -

Peter Dubourg - another -

John Walker - another ——

Thomas Harrison another -

John Bright, Qnef of Am Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, for travelling Charges

DevereuxDavis - another -

Thomas Potter - - another -

£ s. d.

75 — —

497 19 4

*5° — —

202 10 — ?

5° —

!,798 $ 8*

285 9 7

150 — —

100 - — a

562 10 —

55° — - —

412 10

55° — —

55° — —

412 10 — *

97 7

5® — —

200 —

I70 19 2

200 — —

225 — —

35 — —

*3 2 3

268 t,|

80 ..

100 — —

100 — —

J95 8 4

57 10 X

30 — —

60 16 8

126 8 Sf

20 — —

6 l7 11

n5 10 — -

ll5 10 —

200 — —

25 — —

105 — —

40 — —

20 —

60 — s —

200 — —

800 —

140 l6 8

200 — —

,250 — —

2*5 "

25O — —

,000 — —

340 — —

25O — —

,000 — —

,200 — —

900 — —

159 3 4

60 l6 8

488 mam M

3*7 IO —

443 ——

256 17 6

224 5

44 _ —

128 —

xz8 — —

Jo

io Geo. III. 12° Janudrii.

To William Colebrooke, One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer *

Henry Bal/owe - - another - -

James Hoiworthy, One of His Majesty’s Messengers attending the Chancellor of the

Exchequer -

John Mcrden - - another ——

Fees* Perpetuities, &c.

To the University of Oxford', On a Perpetuity -

Sir Francis Dashwood, Baronet, Chancellor of His Majesty’s Exchequer -Eliah Harvey, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law Edward Wi/les, Esquire - - another

Charles Ambler, Esquire - another

Thomas Sewell, Esquire - - another

William De Grey, Esquire - - another

George Perrott, Esquire - another,

Edward Thurlow, Esquire - - another

George Earl of Kinnoul, or his Assigns - - - *

George Onslow, Esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s libraries John Truefdale, Gentleman, Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty . *

Russell Plumptree, M.D. Reader of Physick /in the University of Cambridge -John Kelly, M.D. Professor of Physic in the University of Oxford - -

Richard Stonehewer Knight Harbinger to His Majesty - - - * -

Lady Mary Churchill, His Majesty’s Housekeeper at - . * *

Mayor and C orporation of the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, on a Perpetuity -

Thomas Wynne, Esquire, Auditor in the Court of Exchequer -

Henry Shelley and Michael Warden, who aft as One of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer -

Harry Burrard, Esquire, Ranger of New Forest -

William Ear! of Derby, and others, for the poor Ministers in the Isle of Man

The Officers of His Majesty’s Ordnance ——

Joseph Smith, Esquire, and others, His Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms -

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to His Majesty

Stephen Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant toD# -

Martha Bonfoy, Widow His Majesty’s Housekeeper at Newmarket - -

Sir Thomas Allen, Baronet, One of His Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms -

The Schoolmaster at Southwell, a Perpetuity -

Christepher Seaton, Gentleman, Engraver of Seals to His Majesty -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons - -

The Heirs of Nicolas Tates, a Perpetuity - -

The Fellows of Eton College -

George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Windsor Castle -

The King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms

The Vicars of Litchfield, a Perpetuity -

Edward Harby, Vicar of St. Peter in the Tower of London, a Perpetuity The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax, a Perpetuity -

John Brifiow, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions -

The Judges of England ——

Sir Martin Wright -

William Noel, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester -

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D* -

The Masters in Chancery -

To the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities

and Exchequer Bills ----- £.5,900 — - ——

D°, for Fees and Allowances - 788 12 3

William Pitt, Esquire -

Robert Lord Henley, Lord High Chancellor of England -

Horace Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Exchequer, for the Watchmen of the Exchequer

Her Majesty Queen Charlotte -

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland -

Arthur Onslow, Esquire, or his Assigns ——

William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenues -The Keepers of the Council Chamber -

Edward West on, William Sharpe, and James Rivers, Esquires, Commissioners for executing the Office of Keeper of the Privy Seal -

Henry Darby Gardiner, Gentleman, Clerk of the Nichells -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands -Robert Jenner, L. D. Professor of Physic in the University of Oxford -Henry Banks, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Lewis Lord Sondes, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -

John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods -

Sir Henry Gould, late One of the Barons of the Exchequer -Vol. 31.

£ s. d.

*46 13 4

*33 6 8

*34 — —

134----

10 — — i$o 19

40-----

40 — — 40 — — 40 — —

40-----

31 *7 40 ~ — 1,250 —

310-----

I|0-----

86 5

40 — ——

4© ~

*47 — — *25. — "*

75 -

300 —

*78 6 8 375 — —

4*6 5 st 578 1 —

*5° — " 166 6 150 — — too 13 — 10 —

50 —

20 — — 50 — — 31 10

*37 — — 420 * —

IS----

5 *7 34

75----

136 17 6

40,895 — ~ 1,000 — — 204 8 <*- 560 — — t,ioo — —

6,688 11 $

3.000 — —

5.000 — — 365 — —

50,000 — — a5,000 — —

3.000 — — »

IOO *4

68 5 -

410 — — 20 — — 80O — M

4© - — 40 — -80 — * —

66 13 4

50-----

554

12® Janu

A. 1770.

To Charles Yorke, Esquire, His Majesty’s Attorney General

Sit Fletcher Norton, Knight, His Majesty’s Solicitor General -

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent Andrew Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Privy Council Records -The Clerks of the Council -

Wentworth Odiarne, Esquire, late One of His Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms

Charles Lord Egremont, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State

John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent - -

George Duke of St. Albans, Mailer of His Majesty’s Hawks -

John Earl of Ashbumham, Ranger of St. James's Park

George Grenville, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State -

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, another -

Samuel Lord Masham, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -John Tracy Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer - -

Samuel Hdrfey, Esquire, Gloucester King at Arms -

Michael Crane, John Allen, and Benjamin Charlwood, Apothecaries to His Majesty William Aiflabie, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -The Officers of His Majesty’s Works - -

Chrifi's Hospital, a Perpetuity -

The Dean and Chapter of Westminster....

John Morton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester - - - .

Nicolas Bonfoy, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms -George Arbuthnot, - Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the King’s Remembrancer’s Office -

Thomas Gregg, Esquire, another - - - - . - -

The Clerks in the King’s Remembrancer’s Office -

Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer The Clerks in the Office of Pleas -

William Ridlington, -L.D. Reader of Laws in the University of Cambridge

Richard Aston, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

John Shelly, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe - - - .

George Earl of Orford, Ranger and Keeper of St. James's Park Mathew Lamb, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -

Edward Finch, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s private Roads - - ' r

* John Suffield Brown, One of His Majesty’s Heralds at Arms, called Blanc Courjier Charles Frewen, Esquire, another, called Brunswick Herald -" Richard Trice and Henry Lyte, Esquires, who act as One of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer - - - -- . - '

George Bernard Kennett, Esquire, One of the Serjeants at Arms -George Earl of Pomfret, Keeper of the House Little Park at Windsor -Henry Hill, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Heralds called Brunswick Herald - Richard Beresford, Esquire, Mailer of His Majesty’s Tennis Court -

Richard Heron, Esquire, Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer Prince' William Henry, Keeper of Hampton Court Park - -

; ' ....

Exchequer, the 12th Day of January 1770.

‘ ‘ ' R. Wilford.

s d.

8 16 8

70 — —

53 2 ——

5° — —

3i3 2 t

2 5° — —

5°o — — *

19 IO 6

100 p — —

83 6 8

686 5 —

IOI 8 if

34 7 IO

23 17 — I

27 18 8

8r *3 4

40 — —

40 — —

33 6 8

220 l7 3i

185 5 —

30 — -

508 11 4

80 17 —

40 — —

40 — —

76 <3 4

30 - — —

9 — —

70 — —

40 — —

23 12 1

I55 14

40 — —

36 10 —

26 *3 4

17 *7 1

46 13 4

24 *5 —

61 2

8 16 3

108 4 2r

64 2 I

' 54. *4 8

617,191 3 if

To

ie

io Geo. III. is* Januarii

555

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Butgefles, in Parliament assembled.

An A CCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 25th of October 1760 to the 25th of February 1769; distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 25th of October 1763 to the 25th of 1764.

Privy Purse.

To Sir William Breton, Knight - -

Secret and Special Service.

Anthony Todd, Esquire -

Messieurs George and Robert Udney George Dunk Earl of Halifax The Executors of Cherries Earl of John Earl of Sandwich -

William Youngs Esquire -

To Joseph Richardt Esquire

John Nichol’, Esquire Sir William Breton, Knigh

£ * 1,840 8 —

22,915 8 —

21,066 3 — 4,845 15 — 10,805 6 6

3,000 — — 363 8 — }

2.497 8 1,277 5 —

Band of Pensioners.

To Charles Lloyd, Esquire - - - - .

Keepers of the Privy Seal. To John Duke of Bedford -

George Duke of Marlborough ..

Matter of the Jewels. To Henry Earl of Darlington -

King’s Goldsmith.

To Thomas Heming ....

2,380 9 io| 2,516 2 si

iC* 28,000 — — *

68,6it is it|

4.500----

4»896 fll; 700 — —

8^82 14 5

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever; viz

Ambassadors, Envoys, idc.

Td Dudley Alexander Sidney Cojby, Resident at the Court of Denmark Stonier Porteen, Esquire, Consul at Madrid

Walter Tit ley, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark -John Burnaby, Esquire, on Jiis Allowance -

Sir George Macartney, Knight, Envoy Extraordinary to the Empress of Russia Henry Earl of Rockford AmbafTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic

King -..... ....

James Holford, Esquire, Consul at Geneva -

Charles Holzendorf \ Esquire, for Services performed to His Majesty in foreign Parts

James Tilfon, Esquire, Consul at Cadiz and Port St. Mary in Spain ... Francis Earl of Hertford, AmbafTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Mott

Christian King.....- -

John Duke of Bedford, late -AmbafTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Mott Christian King -

Sir Joseph Yorke, Knight of the Bath, AmbafTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces John Earl of Buckinghamfhirei AmbafTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at the Court of Russia , .

Vol. 32. 7 C

473 ~ —

1.000 — — 2,288 — —

549 -

960 — —

3,800 -

250----

400 — —

too — —

5»6l5----

260 17 4! 7,200 — —

7.000 — —

To

12° Janua

4\no.

To John Earl of Sandwich, late Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic, King -

Andrew Mitchell, Esquire, Minister at the Court of Prussia -Robert Co/ebrooke, Esquire, Minister at the Swiss Cantons -

John Murray, Esquire, Resident with the Republic of Venice -

Richard Phel/ps, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King Edward Hay, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Faithful King- ——

George Pitt, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark -BrinLy Skinner, Esquire, on his Allowance - -

jofep h Popham, Esquire, Consul General at Tetuan -

Henry Grenville, Esquire, Ambassador at the Ottoman Porte -

Solomon Dayrol/e, Esquire, late Minister at the Court of BruJJ'els - -

James Bruce, Esquire, Consul at Algiers -

Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, on his Allowance - -

George Hobart, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Court of Russia -Sir James Gray, Baronet, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of the Two Sicilies - -

Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Resident with the Great Duke of -

Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, Resident at the Court of the King of Sweden More, as Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sweden -

William Hamilton, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of the Two Sicilies Thomas Wroughton,- Esquire, Resident at the Court of the King of Poland Philip Stanhope, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary at Ratijbon - £.1,862 12 — 7

More to him, as Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Drejden - 960 — 3

Ralph Woodford, Esquire, Resident to the Hans Towns -

Ij'aac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul at Naples ——

Michael Hatton, Esquire, Consul at the Ports of Oft end, Nieuport, and Bruges, in Flanders Charles Earl of Northampton, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Republic of Venice - , - _ - - - - -_ 1,700 — — 7

D® Executrix - - - - 2,054.18 3^ )

Robert Bagot, Esquire, Secretary to the above Embassy - -

Colonel John Clavering, Resident at the Court of the Landgrave of HeJJe CaJJel -Charles Gordon, Esquire, Consul General at Tunis -

Robert Keith, Esquire, late Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court of RuJJta Robert White, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli - .

David Viscount Stormont, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Vienna -

Richard Neville Neville, Esquire, late Minister and Plenipotentiary to the Most Christian King - _ -

James Porter, Esquire, Minister and Plenipotentiary at the Court of BruJJ'els Benjamin Langlois, Esquire, Secretary to the Embassy Extraordinary to the Court of 'Vienna -

Thomas Charles Bunbury, Esquire, Secretary to the Embassy to the Most Christian King Archibald Frazer, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli -

Edward Ligonier, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King Emanuel Matthias, Esquire, Agent to the Hans Towns -

William. Gordon, Esquire, Minister at Ratijbon

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

To Sir George Kelly, l^night. Sheriff of the County of Kent, for an Over Payment on- his Account - - - - .

John Roberts, Esquire, Sheriff of Monmouth - - - D® - -

Sir Hansen Earner, Baronet, Sheriff of Norfolk - - -; - ' D° . - -

Thomas Fisher, Esquire, Sheriff of Warwick - - - - D® - -

Sir Thomas Gunfton, Knight, Sheriff of Somerset D*

Edzt'ard Moreton Ply dell, Esquire, Sheriff of Dorset - - - D* '

Sir Thomas Gatehouse, Koiglit, Sheriff of Southampton - - D° - -

Thomas Grainger, Esquire, Sheriff of Sussex .- .- .- -. D® .

Howard Cooke, Esquire, Sheriff of Her ford - - - - D°

William Vanderjkemin, Esquire, Sheriff of Oxford - . - - D* -

John Richardson, Esquire, Sheriff of Cumberland - - - D®

Thomas Mainwkring, Elqujre, Sheriff of Lincoln - - - D1*

Henry Fot her by, Esquire,. Sheriff of Hertford. .- .- - - D®

John Morewood, Esquire, Sheriff of Derby D# -

Richard Newman, Esquire, Sheriff of Essex - - - - D'

John Ntwton, Esquire, Sheriff of Nottingham - - - - D®

Sackville Earl of Thastet, Sheriff of WestmorlgniJ - . - - D* - *

Sir Chasics Cotter ell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies, to be paid over to Monsieur foe Ference - - - -' -

Moce, to be paid , over to Count Worenzow

More, to be paid, over to Count Ponmijky - — . More, to be paid over.to the Marquis Paducci -

More, to be paid over, to the Morocco Apabaffador - .- - -

More, to be paid, over to Prince Aufperg

£. r.

247 5 -J

3» 37«----

1,818-----

i,598 -

34* 3 6

3,228 — 2,450-----

549 -

650 — r-

1.098 -

1.098 — — 1,185 11

300 — —

932 -

3,328-----

i>778 -

1,165-----

460 — — 960 — —

1 >998 -

2,822 12 — t 1,122 — —

45°----

200 — -rr

3»754 si

677 6 —

998 19 5

500 — — 781 14 — 44°-----

6,500 — —

r,no 6 —

i>525----

9 5° — *+

664----

9 r —

29 10 —

25 7 i 74 17 3 8 10 2}

29 n 8

4 1

48 5 10

no 11 6

15 7 10*

28 17 9

48 8 9

94 16 8{

1 5

38 l3 —

653 19. —

545 *9 —

330 16 — . 330 16 782 11 —

i+i I9m7k,

jo Geo. III.

12° Januarii.

557

More, to be paid over to Monsieur Mitchell -

More, to be paid over to Monsieur Zuccato- - . -To John Larpent, Esquire, for the Emperor of Morocco -

More, for the Bey of Algiers -

Samuel Chandler, D. D. a Royal Bounty - -

Francis Lord Hawley - - D* ——

Ann Smallridge - - - D* ——

The Corporation of Lyme Regis D* - -

James Simpson, Gentleman, Chief Surveyor of the Lands to be sold in the Islands of Granada, the Grenadines, iAc. to be by him applied for His Majesty’s Service Stephen Martin Leake, Esquire, Garter King at Arms, towards defraying the Expences of carrying Ensigns of the Order of the Garter to the Duke of Mecklenburgh Strelitz -Thomas Dring, Gentleman, to be distributed amongst the Under Clerks of the Privy Council ——

Thomas Brown, towards defraying the Charge of his Passage to North America, whither he is going a Minister -

John Stephen - - - D® to the Island of Tobago

George Gurley - - - D° to Virginia - -

Henry Skyring - - - D" to D° -

Samuel Frink - - - D® to Georgia - -

George Lyth - - - D° to Virginia - -

James Maury Fountaine - - - D® to D° -

Leonard Cutting - - - - D® to New Jersey - -

Abraham Jarvis - - - -. D® to England -

William Walter - - - D° to D°

Bela Hubbard - - - D*toD®

David Love - - - D® to Maryland - -

John Forbes - - - ' D® to East Florida -

Samuel Hart - - - D® to D®

Michael Smith - - - D® to Jamaica -

William Dawson - - - D* to Florida -

Robert Rinney - - - - D® to D®

John Wijhart - - - ,- - D° to D®

James Balfour - - - D® to Newfoundland -

John Lyon - - - D® to New England -

Henry M'Lane -. - - - - D® to Dominica -

William Scott - - - - D® to Caribbee Islands -

John Matthews - . - .- - D® to Virginia - -

Walter Jameson - - _ - - - D° to 13°

George James Bruerg, for his Expences in going to his Government of the Bermuda Islands Nicolas Bonfoy, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for his Bill of Disbursements -

John Billington, Esquire, Chief Bailiff of the Tower of London, in Satisfaction of several Disbursements - - - , -

The Governors of the Foundling Hospital - .

Richard Jephfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers, for his Attendance on the Speaker of the said House -

Charles Sloan Cadogan, Esquire, for the Use and Service of Edward Duke of York Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Clerk of the Houlb of Commons, for Printing, and other Works for the Service of the said House - -

James Hayes, Esquire, Executor of John Earl of Portsmouth, late Governor of the I He of -- . Wight -

The Executors of Samuel Wright, for the Rent of an House at Whitehall -. _ Celpnel David Gr*me, for going to the Count of the Duke of Mecklenburgh Joseph Richardson, Esquire, towards the Support of the German Emigrants

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to His Majesty, to be paid over to Count D’Ein/ifaelLEnvoy from Poland -John James Majendie, et al. for certain French Protestants -

Sir Thomas Harrison, Knight, Chamberlain of the City of London, towards the Relief of; His Majesty’s poor Subjects inhabiting therein -

Benjamin Atoery, L. D. as of His Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty -

- - Jtyegh Richardson, Esquire, to pay a Bill of Exchange - .

The Managers and Directors of the Lottery -

> . Samuel Wi/fon, Gentleman, for incident Charges attending the Lotteries 1763 . William Davis, Gentleman, to reimburse Expences -

- More, to pay Bills of Exchange ——

... Sir John Fielding, Knight, for. defraying the Expence of the Horse P. -

.. More, to defray Expences of Dinners.of t he Magistrates of the City and liberty of .. Westminster, and for other Services - -

Arthur Vansittart, Esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park laid into the Great Park at

Windsor -

— Sir Jeffery Elwes, Knight, Treasurer to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Ame -. . The Sheriffs of England.and Wales, to enable them to pass their Patents

.* Mark Basket, Esquire, for printing Proclamations, Speeches, fsV.

— »; Vo*. 3a- J -

a

s» d.

545 19 _n.

384 1,059 12 6 6

533 15

i,7°°

100 —

100 — - —

100

323 10 6

600 — —

300 — —

20 — —

20 — —

40 —

20 —

20 —

20 —

20 — — *

20 ‘ — — ®-

20 — .

20 — —

20 — —

20 — '

20 — — *

20 — —

20 — —

20 - —

20 — — -

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 —

20 — —

20 — —

300 - mm

420 19 2

276 12 2

15>°5° m *

80 — —

4,000 —

721 12 —

18S 4 5i

20$ 7 —

1.000 — —

314 4 6

545 —

00 — —

1.000 — — »

800-----

147 1 6

4>75°----

1,200 — — *

8)435 3 — 1,135 11 6

1,014 18 — *

120 — —

3*3 9 — .16,000 — —

4.000 — — 4,589 10 io£

T»

558

12° JanuariL

4 1770.

To John Larpent, Esquire, for Rent of a Messuage employed for the Office of One of the Secretaries of State ——

John Stewart, Esquire, for Transportation of Felons -

Sir Charles Sheffield, Baronet, towards the Purchase of Buckingham House Thomas Mainwaring, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Tax, and Duties upon

Houses, for Anglesea, Carnarvon, &c. -

Samuel Smith and Richard Stevenson, Gentleman, Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, for joining Tallies -

John El/ey, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road there Dorothy Wellington, Widow and Executrix of R. Wellington, Esquire, late Receiver General of the Land Tax D# for Radnor, See. -

James Reynolds, for tranlafting several Matters relating to the Lotteries 1710, 1713* 1714 and 1719 '- - -

I lord Viscount Bateman, for his extraordinary Charge as Master of the Buck Hounds -Peter Roberts, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London, in lieu of a Bill of Imposts Sir Joseph Ayloffe, Baronet, et al. for regulating the Records in the Court of Augmentations of His Majesty’s Revenues ——

Vincent Matthias, Esquire, for Rent of a House hired of Sir George Savile Francis Gregg, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, for Conviction of Felons -

Thomas (Valley Partington, Gentleman, D* of the City of London, for - D*

Thomas Gregory, Gentleman, D# of the County of Kent, for - - D°

George Durnford, Gentleman, D# of the County of Southampton, for -William Pryor Johnson, Gentleman, D# of the County of Essex, for Samuel Lyon, Gentleman, D° of the County of Lincoln, for John Chatfield, Gentleman, D# of the County of Surrey, for Samuel Tates, Gentleman, D* of the County of Bucks, for Isaac Young, Esquire, D* of the County of Cambridge, for BenediEl Marwood Tucker, Esquire, D° of the County of Devon, for

Samuel Paul, Esquire, D# of Gloucester, for - - - - *

John Cope Freeman, Esquire, D* of Hertford, for Samuel Dodington, Esquire, D° of Somerset, for ->

Sir Edward AJlley, Baronet, D° of Norfolk, for -Thomas Holland, Esquire, D° of Derby, for Edward Rogers, Esquire, D° of Salop, for Sir Booth Williams, Baronet, of Northampton, for Robert Udney and Joseph Eburne, Gentlemen, D* for the City of Coventry, for D"

Thomas Black burne, Esquire, D# of Lancaster, for - - - r D*

William Pyme, Esquire, D# of Bedford, for ----- D*

John Davis, Esquire, D# of Norfolk, for D*

Andrew Pope and John JHurbin, the Younger, Esquires, D° of the City of Bristol, for D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D’

D*

D*

D*

Sir Thomas Worjley, Baronet, D° of Southampton, for William Armett, Elqdire, D° of Stafford, for -

John Knightly, Esquire, of Warwick, for -

Humphry Hill, Esquire, of Exeter, for -

John Penny, Esquire, of Dorset, for - - - - , -

Edward Clerk, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the City of Oxford, for John Nash, Gentleman, D° of the County of Hertford, for William Shaw, Junior, Gentleman, D° of Lancaster, for John Brijlowe, Gentleman, for keeping an additional Number of Wild Beads in the Tower of London -

The Officers and Clerks of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies - -

Henry Moore, Esquire, lieutenant Governor of Jamaica, for Trouble he hath been at in making a Survey of the said Island - -

George Earl of Orford, Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring in the said Park Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer John Walker, Esquire, Ulher of the Court of Exchequer -

Annuities, Allowances, (sic.

To John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London

Robert Jennings, Esquire, for extraordinary Business in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer

Bartholomew Lucas, Gentleman, for keeping the RegHlers of the public Loans in the said Office -

Abraham Farley, Esquire, Senior Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer

Charles Lozvndes, Esquire, and others, Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury - -

Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, Solicitor of His Majesty’s Treasury -Charles Palmer, et al. for Services perforate din His Majesty’s Treasury

John Jackson, Porter, attending the Exchequer Gate -

The Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer George Grenville, Esquire, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer

More, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter Hotife at Westminster *

John Earl of Tilttey, Warden of the Forest of Waltham -John Rooke, Gentleman, Chief Clerk of the Records in Cafafs Chapel , / Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer

s.

d.

311 5 —

2,085 — — 3,700----

406 11 6

48 10 9 C5----

G36 14 3

100 — — 700 — — 96 iz —

479 7 7i

476 — 6

250 — —

i,33° — — 60O — — *

200 — ---

4°----

40 — —

400 — —

80----

4° *----

13°----

80----

4®----

12O — —

90----

130 — —

80----

90----

20 — —

20----

50----

40----

80----

80-----

80-----

130 — —

4O----

40 — — 80 — —

40----

80 — —

46 —

37I 18 T

2,110 12 —

200 -

10,396 9 at

966 4 —

' 187 10 — too — —

5°-----

40-----

2,800 — —

200 — ——

740 — — 20 —

8,000 — — 2,600 — —

3lS — —

360 — - —

270 — —

200 — —

287 *0 *-

T#

io Geo. III.

12° Januarii.

55 9

To John Earl of Bute, Banger of Richmond Park - - - 1 -

George Ti/fon, Reader and Preacher at Hampton Court -

John keen, Esquire, keeper of the Records of the forfeited Estates in England -Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -v John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe ——

William Duke ot Cumberland, Keeper of Windsor Forest - '- 5J7 i 1^ 7

More, for holding Swanimote Courts - - - - 40 — — J

Henry Masterman, Esquire, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -

The Officers and Clerks of the Pipe -

Robert Nunn, Keeper of the outward Part of Cattle - - 1 -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, Surveyor of His Majesty’s Lands -

Charles Torke, Esquire, late His Majesty’s Attorney General ---- Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of His Majesty’s Exchequer -

Sir Ediuard Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pells - -

John Ibbut, Messenger to the Printing Prels - -

Abraham Farley and John Borlaje, Deputy Chamberlains of His Majesty’s Ekthequef Henry Folkes» Esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath -Sir Fletcher Norton, knight, late Solicitor to His Majesty -

The Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office The Clerks in the said Office

The Under-keepers of Cranburne Chace ‘

Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, Solicitor for the Affairs of His Majesty’s Treasury Elizabeth Mojlyn, Keeper of the Privy Lodgings and Standing Wardrobe at Hampton Court ——

Richard Hamond, Esquire, Foreign Appoter in the Court of Exchequer - -

The Officers and Ministers of the Exchequer

Her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales -

Edward Duke of Fork ——

Edward Le Grand, Esquire, Treasurer to Prince William Henry, and Prince Henry Frederick -

George Duke of Marlborough, late Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houthold John Leveson Earl Gower, Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houthold - *

William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houthold -Charles Earl of Egremonl, late One of His Majesty s Principal Secretaries of State -George Dunk Earl of Halifax, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State John Earl of Sandwich, another' -

Lyonel Cranfeld Duke of Dorset, Constable of Dover Castle -

Robert Earl of Holder nefi, on £.4,100 a Year - -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent - -

John Earl of BreaJalbane, Chief Justice in on the South Side of Trent - -

George Earl of Orford, Keeper of Hyde Park - - - 406 — — 7

More, as Keeper of St. James\ Park - - - -90 — — -3

George Duke of St. Albans, on £. 1,000 a Year -

Samuel Lord Sandys, on £. 1/500 a Year -

John Lyord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the most noble Order of the Garter Sir John Cujl, Baronet, Speaker of the House of Commons - - - *

The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom - -

William Earl of Shelburne, First Commissioner of Trade and Plantations -

n Hies Earl of Hilsborough, First Commissioner of Trade and Plantations -

John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of Trade 7 1

and Plantations - - - -J 1»I5° I

More, for incident Charges - -' - - - 2,139 — J

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary

Claudius Amyand, Esquire*. Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries - -

The Clerks of His Majesty’s Privy Council

Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Common Pleds William Davis, Gentleman, for the Servants of the late Princess Caroline -

Dr. Robert Smith, Master oif Mechanics to His Majesty *

Nathaniel Bliss, Clerk, on £. 250 a Year -

The Keepers of the Council Chamber -

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to His Majesty Francis Earl of Huntingdon, Groom of the Stole to his Majesty - - - «

William Earl of Coventry, One of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber John Earl of Buckinghamjhbre - - - - another - -

James Marquis of Carnarvon - another

Alexander Earl of Eglinton - another -

William Earl of March ----- another - -

Thomas Lord Bruce - - - - another - - *

Edward, E±r\ of Oxford - - - another - -

Peregrine Duke of Ancafler - another -

Francis Earl of Hertford ----- another -

George Earl of Orford - - - another - - -> -

Robert Lord Bertie ---- another - -

Frederick St. John. Lord Viscount Bolingbroke - another -

Samuel Lord Masham - - - - another -

Vol. 32. 7 D

£. s. d.

69 -

40 — —

200----

53 6 8

(60 — —

577 9

50-----

69 3 4

H----

ioo — —

it —

200 — — *95 8 4

60-----

80 — —

500-----

102 16 10

2i IO — 30----

506-----

30 to — 40----

35----

to,060 -

12,000 = — —

8.000 — —

*7$ 1 64

2,826 18 34

t, S& — —

224 1 nj

*1850 —

1,540 1 6*

4,too — — -4,100 — —

3>566 4

1,500----

49® " ~

eOd — —

375 -

57° 5 ~

2.000 — —

8.000 — —

391 5 5

559 5 1

289 12 —

150----‘

too ——

400 — —

20----1

415-----

,5o-----

187 IO — *

73-----

ico -----1

f,5oo — —

75°----

750-----

7 5®----

750 -

750 -

73°-----

750----

1,000----

750-----

75°----:

750----»

S°°-----

750 ~To

56°

12° Janmriu

A:

1770.

To George Earl of Pomfrei, One of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber George Duke of Manchester - another

Lord IVilloughby De Broke - - - another

Basil Earl of Denbigh -

William Finely Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold Spencer Compton, Elqiiire, One of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bedchamber

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

James Peachey, Esquire Sir William Breton, Knight Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire -Nor borne Berkeley, Esquire George Pitt, Esquire William Northey, Esquire -John WAdegrave, Esquire Edward Cornwallis, Esquire _ John Augustus Hervey, Esquire - - .

Commodore Augustus Kefpell John Mojlyn, Esquire^ -_ Edmund Nugent, Esquire -James Wright, Esquire John Mordaunt, Esquire -Charles Hot ham, Esquire - - .

Henry Seymour, Esquire _ Hugh Earl of Marchmont, on £.1,500 a Year -

James Earl Somerville, on £.800 a Year - -

Alexander Earl of Galloway, the like - -

John Earl of Hyndford, the like - -

Lord Aberdour, the like - - - s - - -4 , -

Francis Lord Napier, the like ——

William Earl of Sutherland, on £. 500 a Year - - - - ‘ ‘ -

James Coutts and Thomas Coutts, to be disposed of by them for His Majesty’s Service George Lord Hay, on£. 400 a Year - - - - .

Alexander Frafer, Esquire, the like - -

Siv y Robert Menzes, the like -

..George Earl of Crawford, on £. 350 a Year - -

Lord George Raey\ on £. 300 a Year -

James Lord Forbes, on £.200 a Year ——

John Lord Gray, the like -

Alexander Lord Banff, the like -

’ Andrew St. Clair, the like.....-

John Earl of Finlater, on £ 800 a Year ....

Lady Mary Campbell, on £. 50 a Year -

Lady Wemyfs, on £.100 a Year....

William Chetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Interludes, Plays, &c.

Edward Cape]I, his Deputy - ‘ -

Sir Septimus Robinftn, Knight, Gentleman U(her of the Black Rod -The Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher - - - -

The Mayor and Corporation of Lyme Regis -

The Twelve Judges of England, in Augmentation of their Salaries Tracy Atkins, Esquire, 5 th Baron of the Court of Exchequer - - - .

John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, &c. on his Fee, and in Augmentation of his Sailary - -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, &c. for Df -John Harvey, Esquire, Secpnd Justice of D% on D*

James Hayes, Esquire, Second Justice of Carnarvon, and on D* ' -

Daines Barrington, Esquire, Chief Justice of D% on D® - - - ‘

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of Carmarthen, h. on his Fee, and in Augmentation of his Salary - -- -- .

Henry Yelverton, Esquire, late One of the Commissioners of the Duties on Wine Licences Philip Meadows, Esquire - - - another -

James Ramsden, Esquire - another -

'William Adams, Esquire - - - another -

John Pearson, Gentleman, late Cashier to the above Commissioners -

Charles Bembridre, late Secretary and Comptroller to the above? r 1

Commissioners - -J 3--------- J

More, as late MefTenger - - - - 20 — — J

Gilbert East, late Comptroller in the said Office - - . -

Ann Park, late Housekecger in the Cud Office -

Joseph Spence, Profellbr of Modern History in the University of Oxford -Norborue Berkeley, Esquire, Constable of the Forest of Dean -George Earl ol Pomfret, Keeper of the House Park at Windsor -

Edmund Bishop of Chester, for Four Preachers - -

The Executors of James Bradley, D.D. -

..Lawrence Brocket, B.D. Professor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge Joseph Wight, Esquire, et al. Clerks of the House of Peers -.Thomas Tyrwhiit, Esquire, cSal. Clerks of the House of Commons

1,000

5. d.

750

75°

75°

45°

160

375

375

395

384

375

375

86

18 4

12 1

3i

250

2I4

375

375

375

375

375

460

568

1,170

806

800

800

.800

800

6

"~7i

3 3* 1 ii 6 7

COO

600

400

414

4*4

350 ‘ 300 -200 -£00 200 200 600

8 io£

8 10£

5°

75

400

200

200

5°

100 5,601

100

1 io|

550----

800 — —

55°----

55°----

700 — —

55°----

coo — —

500----

coo — — 500 — — 80 — ~

150 —

300 — £0 —

400 --

210 —

600 --

200 —

5 3

400 — —

400 — —

970 — — T*

1A J

io Geo. Ill-

i 2° Janu

To John Tabor Kemp, Esquire, Attorney General in the Province of New York, -

John Hatfell, Esquire,* Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons - -

Benjamin Carpenter, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Montserrat -Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, for Services performed as late Governor of Barbadoes lfracl Mauduit, Agent for Nova Scotia - -

Francis Lord Hawley; Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Antigua . - -' - -

Arthur Dobbs, Elqurre, Governor of North Carolina - - - .

James Johnsion, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Nevis ~

Robert CholmoudcUy, '- Esquire, Surveyor and Auditor General of all his Majesty’s Re-.

venues arilingin America - - - - «. - - - .; -

Henry Ellis, Esquire, on ^.300 a Year - - - - -; -

Thomas Boone, Esquire, Governor of the Bermuda Islands -

Javks Poole, Esqujire,* Lieutenant Governor of St. Christopher -

Charles Pinfold, Esquire, Governor of the Island. of Barb a does , -

George Thomas, Elibutre, Governor of the Leeward -Islands 1 -

William Shirley, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Bahama Islands William Popple, Esquire, Commander-and Governor in Chief of thBermuda Islands -Robert Melville, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Grenada - - . .

Alexander Brown, \ Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Tobago -

Francis Gore, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Grenada - - .

George Scott, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Dominica - - -. - -

John Cargil, Esquire, Assistant Judge in the Island of Dominico * , -

Pur bee Langham, Esquire, Agent of the Islands of Grenada

John Morton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester - - - - .

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D° - -

The Executors of Michael Foster, late One of the Judges in the Court of King’s Bench

Messengers.

To William Weeks Barnsley, Messenger of his Majesty’s Chamber

John Oldnall, Peter Dubourg, John Walker, and Thomas Harrison, the Four Messengers attending the Receipt of Exchequer, for travelling Charges, Termly Bills, SsV. -John Oldnall, One of the above Messengers, for travelling Charges -

Peter Dubourg - - - another- - - - -....

John Walker - - another -

Thomas Harrison ‘ - - another - . - -

John Bright, One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, for travelling Charges

Devereux Davis - - - another -

Tlromas Potto - -- -» another -

Henry Sallow *- - - another -

1William Colebrooke - - - another -

Jacob Knoky, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on 2J.'.a Day -- - - - .

More, for travelling Charges - - - f

William Ross, another, on 2j. a Day - - - - r

More, for Travelling Charges -

Fees, Perpetuities, &c.

To his Royal Highness Prince William Henry, Ranger of Hampton Court Park George Grenville, Efiquire, Chancellor of His Majesty’s Exchequer -John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park

, George Earl of Orford, Ranger of St. James's Park -

JZliab Harvey, Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law

Edward Wiiles, Esquire - - - - another.

Charles Ambler, Esquire - another - -

Thomas Sewell, Esquire - another

William De Grey, Esquire - another -

Edward Thurlow, Esquire - - - another -

Henry Banks, Esquire - - - another -

John Tracey Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer

George Duke of St. Albans, Matter of His Majesty’s Hawks

John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre, on this Side of Trent

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the J^Iorth Side of Trent -

William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Privy Council Records

The Clerks of His Majesty’s Privy Council - - *

John Duke of Bedford, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

The King’s Serjeants at Arms -

George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Windsor Castle -

John Truefdale, Esquire, Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty

Thomas Wynne, Esquire, Auditor in the Court of Exchequer

Richard Price and Henry Lyte, Esquires, who aft as the other

The Keepers of the Council Chamber -

Martha Bonfoy, Widow, His Majesty’s Housekeeper at Newmarket -Claudius Amycmd, Esquire, Keeper ot His Majesty’s Libraries -William Earl of Derby, et al. for the poor Ministers in the Isle of Man Sir Charles Cottetell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies to His Majesty Vol. 3Z.

561

s. d.

.150 - —

200 --- —

200 — —

.800 — —

300 ,----

.309-----

MvSo-----

375-----

*5° -

V. 2 25-----

i»*5°----

2P0----

fc, oooo — —

I,20d — —

300----

.« 268 I 6$

2,50P -

351 10 II 530 8 2f

353 ' >4

35 *4 3i 46 3 — 260 16 54

156 — —

*95 7i

61

- 300 — — 385 12 6

238----

260 5 —

162 10 —

44-----

128----

128----

13 5 6 8

146 13 4

163 16 — .

163 16 —

hi 9 4

>93 5 *>4

IO9 l6 —

89a 17 6

40----

40----

40----

40----

20 — —

40-----,

20-----

163 6 a 1,372 10 — 166 13 4

100 —

500 — — 1,000----

8°5 4 —

183----

ii5----

400 — —

300 -

91 10 ---

200-----

200 -

IOO — — 200 — — To

62

12* Janu

A.

I77°-

To Stephen Cotier ell, Esquire, Assistant to D* -

Andrew Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the Papers, (Ac. at Whitehall - -

The Vicars of Litchfieldr, on a Perpetuity -

The Churchwardens of St. Magnus, on D* - . -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Eftreats- in the Court of Exchequer -Ann Bjneherh, Keeper of the House of Lords -

Lady Maty Churchill\ his Majesty’s Housekeeper at Kensington -

Christopher Seaton, Gentleman, Chief Engraver of Seals to His Majesty -

The Fellows of Eton College, on a Perpetuity -

John Shelley^ Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

Chri/Fs Hospital, on a Perpetuity -

The Churchwardens of St. Michael, GornhiU

Samuel Lord Masham, King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer George Earl of Pom/ret, Keeper of the House Little Park at Windsor - *

The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax, on a Perpetuity - -

The University of Oxford, for a Preacher, on D* -

D% for a Reader in Divinity ....

The Mailer of the Grammar School at Southwell, D*

George Duke of Marlborough, Keeper of the Privy Seal ----- John Bristow, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London -The Dean and Chapter of St. Peter; Westminster, Perpetuity - .

The Matter and Fellows of Emanuel College, Cambridge9 on a Perpetuity -The University of Cambridge -

The Churchwardens of St. Botolpk -

John Newcome, Reader of Divinity in the University of Cambridge -

The Churchwardens of St. John Baptist, on a Perpetuity -

Sir Thomas Allen, Baronet, and Nicolas Bonfoy, Esquire, Serjeants at Arms to His Majesty

Richard Heron, Esquire, Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer

The Mayor and Corporation of Berwick, Perpetuity -

Richard Stonehewer, Esquire, Harbinger to His Majesty - -

- The Officer of the Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exche-1 ^1 tjuer Bills ----- "7

D°, on Fees ----- - - 786 — 8J

Her Majesty Queen Charlotte ——

Robert Lord Henley, High Chancellor of England -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Ulherof the Exchequer, for the Watchmen of the Exchequer

The Heirs of Nicholas Tates, on a Perpetuity1 -

John Kelly, M.D. Professor of Physic in the University of Oxford -

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland - - - *

Arthur Onslow, Esquire, or his Assigns - -

William Aiflabie, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest - -

William Pitt, Esquire, or his Assigns, on £. 3,000 a Year -

Sir Matthezv Lamb, Knight, One of His Majesty's Counsel at Law.

William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of His Majesty’s Land Revenues -

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, Ranger of Sawfey Forest -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, Surveyor General of all His Majesty’s Lands -

Richard Beresford, Esquire, Mailer of His Majesty’s Tennis Court -Charles Yorke, Esquire, His Majesty’s Attorney General - -

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State George Earl of Kinneuly or his Assigns -

The Judges of England ——

John Morton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester, &c. -

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D* -

Sir Martin Wright, Knight, on £. t,oooo a Year -

The Mailers in Chancery....

The Corporation of Dartmouth Hardness ——

The Officers of the Board of Works -

The Dean and Chapter of Litchfleldy on a Perpetuity - - x -

Harry Butrard, Esquire, Ranger of New Forcfl - -

John Earl of Sandwich, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State Henry Derby Gar diner, Clerk of the Nichells in the Court of Exchequer Thomas RamfJen, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

I.orel Charles Spencer, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

Benjamin Bathurst, Esquire, the same - -

Charles Earl of Egremonty late One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State Sir Edmund Thomas, Baronet, Surveyor of His Majesty’s Woods -Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, His Majesty’s Solicitor General -

The King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms -

Lewis Lord Sondes, Auditor of His Majesty’s Imprest -

The Officers of His Majesty’s Ordnance -

Michael Crane, John Alien, and Benjamin Charlewood, Apothecaries to His Majesty

Robert Jenner, M.D^ Professor of Law in the University of Oxford -

Doctor Samuel Nicliol/s, Master of the "Temple -

Rufjel! Plumptree, ProrelTor of Physic in the University of Cambridge -

William Ridlington, ProfelTor of Civil Law in d;e University of Cambridge

£- s. I

222----

240 — —

*5-----

2143

43 6 8 926

300-----

50-----

42-----

47 4 2 37a iO — . 11 4 -

55 *7 4 400 — — 1

75-----

ip —

26 i4 id — —

349 -

137 5 60----

16 13 4

3° - ~

13 6 8

7 J3 4 201 6 —

64 2 I

75-----

196 6 8

6,686 — 8

50.000 -

5,000' — —

366 — —

5° — -

40----

23.000 — —

3.000 - —

33 6 8

3.000 — —

40----

jog----

120 — — 800 — —

99 3 4 63 1 as

ioo — —

1.000 — —

20.373----

730----

500----

1.000 — — 1,094 4 6

40----

214 19 10 10 — — 500 — —

3? 4

20 — —

60 —

f33 — "

605 — —

62 2 3 89 4 h 62 6 6f

420 — -

66 13 4 216 9

40 — — 20 — — 51 4

40----

4°----",

ID Geo. Ill*

! 2° Januarii.

To John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor of His Majesty’s Woods *

Samuel Horsey, Esquire, Gloucester King at Arms -

Sir Michael Fofier, Knight, late One of the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench Sir Joseph Tates, Knight, One of the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench Isaac Coopery Clerk, Vicar of St. Petery in the Tower of London -Henry Hilly Esquire, Brunswick Herald -

John Suffield Brown, Blanc Courfier - i

William Dickenfony One of the Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office

C d.

- 85 13 84

40

- 325‘- 9 5

- 482 2 1(3

- 14 1 8

- 26 13 4

- 26 13 4

52 — 44

586,276 4

Exchequer* the 12th Day of January 1770.

E. tVilford.

t.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament afferhbled.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 25th Day of October 176d to the 25th Day of February 1769; distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 25th Day of October 1764 to the 25th Day oi October 1765,

Privy Purse.

To Sir Wiliam Breton, Knight - - - - > *

Secret and Special Service.

To John Nicholls9 Esquire -

George Dunk Earl of Halifax -

John Earl of Sandwich -

Anthony Toddy Esquire -

John Larpenty Esquire -

Sir George Amyandy Baronet -Henry Potts, Esquire - -

William Mellifhy Esquire -

Augufius Fitzroy Duke of Grafton -Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire -

£- s. d.

12,631 14 6 3,038 12 3

3,046 7 10

4>845 15 —

55 7 —

8,318 9 —

1*615 5 — 8,425 12 — 703 12 2

711 6 10

Band of Pensioners*

To Charles Lloydy Esquire -

PreGdent of the Council. To John Duke of Bedford - - - *

Keeper of the Privy SeaU To John Duke of Marlborough -

Matter of the Jewels*

To Henry Earl of Darlington *

King’s Goldsmith*

To Thomas Hemming - - .

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum and Sums of Money

whatsoever, viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys, iAc.

To Francis Earl of Hertford, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Mott Christian King -

Thomas Charles Bunbury, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Mott Christian King - - -' -

William Henry Earl of Rockford, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King -

VOL. 32. ’ 7 E

Z* d.

36,000 —

43*39* 1 7

6,000 — —

4,006 — .

2*635----

70O — — i

3,210 2 II

7,766 14 4

93° — —

8,300 — — To

5<*4

12° Januam.

To Philip Stanhope, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Dreflen -Archibald Frafer, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli -Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, late Minister at the Court of Brussels -Edward Hay, ( Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Mod Faithful King George Pitty Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia -Dudley Alexander Sidney Cofby, Esquire, Resident at the Court of Denmark Sir Joseph Yorke, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General David Lord Viscount Stormont, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Vienna ——

John Earl of Buckingliamshire, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Riiffia - - - ’ -

Andrew Mitchell', Esquire, Minister and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Russia -Robert Colebrooke, Esquire, Minister at the Swiss Cantons - -

John Murray, Esquire, Resident at the Republic of Venice -

Edward Ligonier, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King Joseph Popkam, Esquire, Consul at Tetuan ——

Frederick Lawrence, Esquire -

Brinley Skinner, Esquire - £.136 10 —

D° Executors - -- - 238 10 —

James Bruce, Esquire, Consul at Algiers ——

Stanier Porteny Esquire, Consul at Madrid -

Henry Grenvilley Esquire, Ambassador to the Ottoman Porte -

James Holford, Esquire, Consul at Genoa -

John Burnaby y Esquire ——

Charles Holzendorfy Esquire, for Services performed to His Majesty in Foreign Parts Isaac Jamineauy Esquire, Consul at Naples ——

Sir James Gray, Baronet, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of the Two Sicilies -

Sir James Porter, Knight, Minister and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Brussels

Michael Hatton, Esquire, Consul at the Ports of OJlend, &c. - r

Walter Titley, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark -

Ralph Woodford, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns -

Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Resident with the Great Duke of Tuscany -

Benjamin Langlois, Esquire, Secretary to the Embassy at the Court of Vienna

Thomas Wroughton, Esquire, Resident at the Court of the King of Poland

Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, Resident at the Court of Sweden -

George Hobart, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embafiy to the Court of Rvffia

Charles Gordon, Esquire, Consul General at Tunis -

Emanuel Matthias, Esquire, Agent to the Hans Towns -

William Hamilton, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of the Two Sicilies Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire, late Consul at Algiers -

George Macartney, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Empress of Ruff a William Norton, Esquire, Minister at the Swiss Cantons - -

Robert Kirke, Esquire, Consul General at Algiers -

Richard Ball, to reimburse the Expences of his Journey from Algiers to England

Josiah Hardy, Esquire, Consul at Cadiz -

Captain Archibald Cleveland, Ambassador to the Dey of Algiers -

Louis De Vifme, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King -

James Tilfon, Esquire, Consul at Cadiz -

William Gordon, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark -

Charles Duke of Richmond, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the

Mod Christian King.....-

Lord George Lenox, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embafiy to the Mod Christian King David Hume, Esquire, Secretary to the Embassy to the Mod Christian King William Gordon, Esquire, Minister at Ratisbon -

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

To George Bowdler, towards the Charge of his Passage to the Island of Grenada

John Wifwall Henry Munro Isaac W. Giberne John Barnett Philip Qiiaque Thomas Lendrum Samuel Howard -Ephraim Avery Townshend Dade Charles Mynn Thurston John Hockley Thomas Duke

D° to Massachuset's Bay D° to New York D° to Virginia

D° to North Carolina - .

D° to the Gold Coajl of Africa

D" to Virginia

D° to Maryland -

D° to New York - -

D° to Virginia

D* - -

D° to South Carolina D* to Barbadoes

Charles Frubfhaw Withers, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Worcester, for an OverPayment Jeremiah Ives, Junior, and James Poole, Gentlemen, Sheriffs of the City of Nortvich, D° Edward Marlin, Junior, Sheriff of Cambridge and Huntingdon - D*

A. 1770.

£ S d. 1,770----

285-----

1,095----

3,220----

2,99+----

1,402 — — 6,800 -

j, I0O —

7,660----

4,400----

1,091 3 6

1,493 -

934-----

63 -

300 — r-

375 -

150----

1,000 — — 1,095----

250-----

547 10 —

400-----

400-----

1,698 14 —

2,125----

200----

1,495 -

L395 -

1 >775-----

1,130----

1,695 — 3,830 —

179 —

500 — —

7.3°-----

1,210----

268

1,205

933

7' —

i;o----

92

100

1,059

8 6

57o----.

108 3 965----

2,800 — —

48+----

486 -

1,222 — —

20----

20 — —

20----

20----

20 -- —

20----

20-----

20----

20-----

20----

20----

20-----

20----

14 IO —

40 H

14 19

6

4

id Geo. III.

12° JanuanL

To John Wilkes, Esquire, Sheriff of Bffex, for an Over Payment - *

Sir William Foulis, Baronet, Sheriff of York *

David Williams, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertford -

William Lloyd, Esquire, Sheriff of i?#rLr -

Edward Rogers, Esquire, Sheriff of Salop - -

Sir William Horton, Baronet, Sheriff of Lancaster -

Walter Long, Esquire, Sheriff of #7//j -

Thomas Harley and Samuel Turner, Esquires, Sheriffs of London and Mida Marmaduke TomlinJon^ Esquire, Sheriff of Lincoln -Charles Mellish, Esquire, Sheriff of Nottingham -

Thomas Page, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of -

William Cady and D/sry, Gentlemen, Sheriffs of Norfolk Benedict Marwocd Tucker, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Devon *

Henry Aglionby, Esquire, Sheriff of Cumberland -Isaac Spooner, Esquire, Sheriff of Warwick - -

Sir Philip Monottx, Baronet, Sheriff of Bedford -

5M# Batson, Esquire, Sheriff of Rutland - -

Benjamin Joknston, Esquire, Sheriff of Worcester -

Alfager, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Chester William Richardson, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Dorset John Cope Freeman, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Hertford John Hippefey, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of ifer&r -Allen Lord, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Monmouth Thomas Blackburn, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Lancaster -Samuel Paul, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Gloucester -William Sheldon, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Essex -Sir Edward Aftley, Sheriff of the County of Norfolk -John f)avis, Esquire,. Sheriff of Norfolk -

Leonard Fojbrook, Esquire, Sheriff of Derby -Edward Greenly, Esquire, Sheriff of Hereford -

Sir Thomas Worsey, Baronet, Sheriff of Southampton Rowland Berkeley, Esquire, Sheriff of Worcester -William Lloyd, Esquire, Sheriff of Monmouth -

3M# Pinney, Esquire, Sheriff of Dorset -

Esquire, Sheriff of ----.

7?//# Knight ley, Esquire, Sheriff of Warwick -

Sir Thomas Challenor and Sir Henry Banks, Sheriffs of the City of of Middlesex ——

William Gildas, Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of Lincoln William Gordon, Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of Kent David Gach, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Nottingham George Terry, Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of Hereford George Talbot, Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of #7//j Robert Burton, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Edward William Hartopp, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Leicester John Harrison, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Cornwall -Thomas Fowle, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of

Sneyd, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Stafford Thomas Holland, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Beynton Langley, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Edward Horne, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of York Robert Earl of Northington, Chancellor of Great Britain, for the Charge of his Equipage, as High Steward on the Trial of Lord Byron -

Ann Smallridge, Bounty ——

Captain Archibald Clevland, for a Present to the Dey of Algiers -Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies, as a Present to Baron Dezvitz, Envoy Extraordinary from the Duke of Mecklenburgh Strelitz, and the Duke of Mecklenburgh Schwerin - -

D* to Count Bothmar, Envoy from Denmark -

The Corporation of Lyw* ——

Francis Lord Hawley - ....

Dr. Samuel Chandler, as of His Majesty’s free Gift and Royal Bounty -

Sir Thomas Harrison, Knight, Chamberlain of the City of London, D° for the Poor of

the said City, D° ----....

William Duke of Gloucester -

7^# Larpenty Esquire, D* for Foreign Protestants -

More, for a Present to the Dey of Algiers -

7* Billingten, Chief Bailiff of the Tower of London - - - - 2

Reynolds, for his Service in Lotteries -

Lord Bateman, for extraordinary Charges as Mailer of the Buck Hounds Edward Montague, Esquire, for the Passage of Three Indians from England The Representatives of the late Samuel Wright, for Rent of a House in Whitehall Sir Jo/;; Fielding, Knight, to defray the Expences of the Dinners of the Magistrates of the City and Liberty of Westminster --- *

Timothy Brent, Gentleman, for fighting and paving the Streets, f£?r. in Westminster Vol. 32.

56$

C t. «/.

» m m 4 2 19 1

D* S 19 4d

D* S7 10 — 4

D" 22 9 7

D° 1 16 1 j

D° 57 10 ~

D° 156 2 5

D° 602 7 —

D° 86 12 3

D* 68 19 11

D* 18 15 10

D" 13 >4 6

D° 3

D* 21 3 9

D° 5 — 3

D* 37 *3 1

D* 21 14 3

D* 100 18 3

D" 131 19 6

D° 49 5 — f

D’ 100 17 — i

D° a4 — 35

D* 5 3

D" 76 10 — -

D* 1-78

D" 11 16 8

D° "7 *4 3

D‘ 25 8 11

D° 61 1 7

D" 176 2 2

D° 6 11 6

D° 21 15

D" 39 J9 —

D° 10 7 8£

D° 522

D° 60 4 3

and County

D" 789 14 4

D" 124 12 4

D" 25 3 11

D° 78 12 3

D* 68 4 4

D* 89 3 7

D* 633 94

D° I2J 4

D* 42 11 5

D" 27 16 4

D° 91 18 3

D* 50 6 1

D» 52 18 9

D° 57 6

1.000 -

100----

"3 5 —

io 6 1,083 "

100 — — 100 — — 2,500 — —

1.000 — —

3,587-----

1.000 — — 533 *4 6

»36 *3 —

100----

700 — —

173 *4 2 205 7 —

120-----

f, COO — —

T#

5 66

12® Januarii.

A. 1770.

To Francis Davis, Gentleman, Receiver General of the Land Tax, 6fr. for the County of Monmouth -

John Larpent, Esquire, for Rent of a House in Clevland Row -

John Pownall, Esquire, for the Maintenance and Pafi'age of Two Indians of the Mohawk

Nation -

John Burland, Serjeant at Law, for his Charge and Trouble in going the last

Circuit as an Associate Judge -

Samuel Wilson, Gentleman, for incident Charges for the Lottery 1765 *

Nicolas Bonfoy, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for his Bill of Disbursements ——

Charles Sloan Cadogan, Esquire, to answer a Deficiency incurred in the Building of York House ——

Richard JephJon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers -Marmaduke Constable, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Tax, &c. for the North and East Riding of York -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of &c. for his extraordinary Trouble

and Expences in acting as Sole Judge -

Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for the Hire of Negroes - - - -

William Davis, to reimburse Expences ----- £.9,020 16 6

More, to pay Bills of Exchange - - - - 1,483 18 4

John Larpent, to pay Bills of Exchange ——

Joseph Richardson, to pay Bills of Exchange - - - 1,26916

More, to reimburse Expences ----- 1,743 15 —

Thomas Mainwaring, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Taxes, and Duties upon

Houses, for the Counties of Anglesea, &V. for his extraordinary Trouble attending the

Payment of the Militia in the said Counties, 1761 and 1762, and getting the Monies colledVed ——

The Executors of Thomas Lord Holmes, late Governor of the Isle of Wight, and Receiver of the Land Revenue in the said Island John Bristow, Gentleman, for the extraordinary Expences in keeping, fsV. the Wild

Beasts in the Tower of London ——

Phineas Barrett, in full for his Expences, &c. for Provisions sent from England to Portugal, in the Year 1755 - - _ -

Thomas Gregory, Gentleman, Under Sheriffof the County of Kent, for Conviction of Felons Sir Booth Williams, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Northampton - D® -

Samuel Yates, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Bucks - D®

Bibye Lake, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertford D*

John Milling, Esquire, Sheriff of the Town of Kingston upon Hull - D®

Richard Semion, Under Sheriff of Berks ----- D*

James Park, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of - - - D®

Edward Winwood, Esquire, Sheriff of Worcester D®

Henry Smith, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Oxford - - - - D®

Sir Edward Hulfe, Baronet, Sheriff of Southampton D®

Thomas Hall, Junior, Esquire, Sheriff of Southampton - - - D® -

James La Rooke and John Bull, Sheriffs of the City of Bristol - - D®

Thomas Cockayne, Esquire, Sheriff of Cambridge and Huntingdon -

John Welmejley, Esquire, Sheriff of Lancaster D®

William Wiggett Bulover, Esquire, Sheriff of Norfolk D®

Robert Dobyns Yate, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucester - - - D®

Paris Taylor, Esquire, Sheriff of Somerset ----- D®

William Ellis, Esquire, Sheriff of Nottingham ----- D®

Samuel Yeates, Under Sheriff of the County of Bucks - - - D®

Felix Feaji, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Anglesea - - - D®

Francis Gregg, Under Sheriff of the County of Middlesex - - D®

Giles Nash, Esquire, Sheriff of the County, of Gloucester - - - D®

Sir John Blois, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Suffolk D®

Edward Rogers, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Salop - - D®

John Davis, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Norfolk - - - D®

William Prior Johnson, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Essex D®

Francis Forfler, Esquire, Sheriff of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne D® Ckrijlopher Reid, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Northumberland - D®

William Pym, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Bedford - - D®

William Hilyer, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Somerset - - D®

James Park, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Stlffex - D*

William Shaw, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County Palatine of Lancaster D®

John Walker, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of - - - D®

William Spicer, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Devon - - D®

Humphry Hill, Esquire, Sheriff of the City and County of Exeter - D®

John Chatfsld, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of Surrey - D*

Woodford Rice, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Carmarthen D®

Abraham Williams, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Glamorgan - D® -

Leonard Fojbrooke, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Derby D®

Isaac Wylde and Joseph Love, Gentlemen, Sheriffs of the County of D®

L d.

272 9 9

3‘* 5

122 4 2

200 — —

1,000 — —

482 8 9

5>548 5 2i

69 10 —

3>223 5 ID

52 10 —

2,025 16 2

[0,504 x4 ID

1,059 7 6

3,012 16 6

51 9 6

OS cc *9 9i

36 —

980 1 6

»5° — —

80 — —

5° — —

40 — - —

20 — —

40 —

60 — —

180 — —

170 — —

*5° — —

10 — —

80 — —

90 — —

120 — —

120 — —

I30 — —

120 — —

120 — —

SO — —

IO — —

54O — —

90 — -1 —

IO — —

80 — —

80 — —

13° — —

40 — —

40 — —

30 — —

IOO — —

40 — —

130 — 1 —

IO — —

29O — —

40 — —

400 — —

IO — —

40 — —

20 — —

4® — —

To

lo Geo. III.

12" Januarii.

To William Armitt, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of for Conviction or Felons *

Lady Catherine Pelham, Ranger of Greenwich Park -

Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, for Printing, (Be. for the House of Commons

The Island of Barbadoes - *

Leonard Bilson Gwynn, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Tax, (Be. for the Coun-

ties of Cardigan £Be.------

John Clevland, Esquire, to pay.a Bill of Exchange -

Sir Jeffery Elwes, Knight, Treasurer to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Poor Clergy ——

Lord George Beauclerk, Ranger of Bagshot Rails, for Turnips, (Be. for the Red Deer

Christopher Seaton, His Majesty’s Engraver, for the Public Seals,

Arthur Vansittart, Esquire, for Rent of Mote Park -

The Sheriffs of England and Wales, to bear the Expence of passing their Accounts -Mark Baskett, Esquire, His Majesty’s Printer, for printing Acts of Parliament, £Bc. -John Stewart, for Transportation of Felons - - - ' *

Robert Nunn, for catching, carting, (Be. Deer from Windsor Great Park -To the Governors of the Foundling Hospital - - - *

The Executors of John Sharpe, Esquire, to satisfy and discharge the Balance due to him upon his Account Sir Charles Sheffield, Baronet, in full of the Purchase for Buckingham House Peter Roberts, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Imposts Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, for completing the Printing of the Journals of the House of Commons, (Be. ——

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer -John Walker, Esquire, Ulher of the Court of Exchequer . - - .

Annuities, Allowances, (Be.

To the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer George Grenville, Esquire, late Chancellor and Under Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer - -

William Dowdejwell, Esquire, present Chancellor -

John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London . -Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of th Records in the Court of Exchequer . -More, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster _ *

.. Robert Jennings, Esquire, for. extraordinary Service in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer. - . - - - .

Bartholomew Lucas, Gentleman, for keeping the Registers of all Loans in the said Office - - - .- .- .

Charles Lowndes, Esquire, et al. Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury. - -

Hugh Valence Jones, One of the Solicitors of the Treasury -Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, another ' - - .- - - *

Charles Palmer, et al. for Services performed in the Treasury Office -

John Jackson, Porter attending_the Exchequer Gate

John Earl Tilney, Warden of the Forest of Waltham . - . - -

Henry Roche, Esquire, Chief Clerk in the Record Office in the Tower of London

Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

Abraham Farley and John Borlace, Deputy Chamberlains of His Majesty’s Exchequer -

Thomas Dring, Gentleman, for the Under. Clerks of the Privy Council . -

Thomas Tyrwhitt , Esquire, et aL Clerks of the House of Commons - -

Joseph Wight, Esquire, et al. Clerks of the House of Peers - -

Reverend George Tilfon, Reader and Preacher at Hampton Court -

The Under Keepers of Cranburn Chace -

Hans Stanley, Esquire, the present Governor of the Isle of Wight -The Officers and Clerks of the Tally. Court, for levying Tallies

John Earl of Bute, Ranger and-Keeper of Richmond Park . - . - - . - -

John Keene, Esquire, Keeper of the Records belonging Jo the forfeited Estates in England - -

Henry Majlerman, Esquire, King’s Clerk in the Crown.Office - . - . - -

I lis Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, Ranger of Windsor Forest -More, for Swanimote Courts _ ——

Richard Hammond,- Esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer -Robert Herbert, Esquire,. His Majesty’s Surveyor General -

Abraham Farley, Senior Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer . - John Ibbutt, Messenger attending the Printing Press - -

Robert Nunn, Gentleman, Porter of the outward Gate of Windsor Castle -

Sir Joseph Ay Ioffe, Baronet, et.al. for methodizing the Records in the Court of Augmentations - - - - . - -

— More, for methodizing the Records, of State in the Paper Office Whitehall

— The Governor and Company . of Chelsea Water-Works, for supplying the Treasury

with Water --- --- - - . - -

John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe - .

Augustus Duke of Grafton, One of the principal Secretaries of State Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire, another Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Baih, Clerk of the Pells

Vol. jZ. 7F

567

jr. S. d.

50-----

65 8 6

33° 9 ~

10.000 — — *

1,209 19 9

13 —

16,300-----»

70 — — 1,256 — 9

3*3 9 —

4.000 — —

4,443 *4 -f

2.405 — —

141 1 7

9,246 9 1

8,282 9 n£

7.406 i 1 6

96 12 —

2,000 — —

7>593 17 9*

1,848 5 —

8,000 — —

1,200 — — 354 12 gl 1>3lS *7 9i

525-----

600 — — 100 — — 5o----

2,800-----

200 -

1,000 —

726 to 4I

20-----

202 IO —

200 — ---

.112 IO —

80----

300 -

970 -

400 ——

80 —

30-----

300 15 4$

94 12 —

69 —

150-----

50-----

537 9 ll*

40----

40-----

200 — —

40-----

60-----

2 5----

375 -

500 — —

52 14 — 60----

433 l7 I0*

438 13 2j

>95 4

To

568

12° Januarii.

A.

l7jo.

To John Elly, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road - -

Her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales -

Edzourd Duke of York -

William Duke of Gloucester - -

Edward Le Grand, Treasurer to Prince William Henry and Prince Henry Frederick John Leveson Earl Gower, Lord Chamberlain of the Houshold -

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, One of the Principal Secretaries of State -John Earl of Sandwich -

Lionel Cranfteld Duke of Dorset, Constable of Dover Castle -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent George Earl of Orford, Keeper of Hyde Park -

More, as Keeper of St. James's Park -

George Duke of St. Albans -

John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter -Sir John Cuff, Baronet, Speaker x>f the House of Commons .- -

Willes Earl of Hilsborough, First Commissioner of Trade - - - ,

The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom -

John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners - -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary

Claudius Amy and, Esquire, Keeper of his Majesty’s Libraries -

The Clerks of the Privy Council ——

William Davis, Gentleman, for the Servants of the late Princess Caroline —

Nathaniel Bliss, £.250 a Year

Keepers of the Council Chamber ——

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies - - - ,r

Samuel Lord Sandys ——

Henry Folkes, Messenger of the Order of the Bath - -

Lawrence Brockett, B. D. Professor of Modem History in the University of Cambridge -Francis Earl of Hwrtingdonr Groom of the Stole to his Majesty -[ William Ear! of Coventry, One of the Gentlemen of His Majesty's Bedchamber John Earl of Buckinghamshire [- - - - another -

James Marquis of Carnarvon - another *

-Alexander Earl of Eglinton - another -

William Earl of March - - - - another -

Thomas Lord Bruce - - - another -

Edward Earl of Oxford - another - -

Peregrine Duke of Ancaster - - - - another -

Francis Earl of Hertford - another -

George Earl of Orford ---- another -

Lord Robbrt Bertie - - - another -

Frederick St. John Lord Viscount jBolingbroke - another -

Samuel Lord Maftiam - - - - another - -

George Earl of Pomfret ----- another -

George Duke of Mane heft er - - - another -

Lord Willoughby De Brooke - another -

Bast I Earl of Denbigh - - - another -

Robert Earl of Holdertieffe -

Charles Marquis of Rockingham ——

William Earl Talbot, Steward of His Majestyfs Houshold -

William Finch, Esquire* Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold

James Peachey, Esquire, One of the Grooms of His Majestyfs Bedchamber

Sir William Breton, Knight - another -

George Pitt, Esquire ----- another

William Northey, Esquire - - . - - - another -

Augustus Kepple, Esquire - - - another - -

John Mostyn, Esquire - - - - another - -

Edward Nugent, Esquire - another -

James Wright, Esquire - - - - another -

John Mordaunt, Esquire - - - - another - -

Charles Hotham, Esquire ----- another -

Henry Seymour, Esquire - - - another -

John Augustus Harvey, Esquire - - - another

George Earl of P on fret. Ranger of the House Park at Windsor -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer

The Comptroller of the Pipe and the Two Secondaries -

Nor borne Lord Botetourt, Constable of the Forest of Deem -

James Lord Somerville, on £. 800 aYear ——

Alexander Earl of Galloway D® -

John Earl of Hyndford - D®

John Earl of Finlater, and his Executors - - - - , -

Charles Lord A her dour D® - - - - *

Francis Lord Napier - - D° -

William Earl of Sutherland, on £. 500 a Year -

£ J.

65 -10,000 — 12,000 — 10,44*

8.000 —

3.000 — — 1,873 16 1,878 12

4,100----

3>566 13 4 1,500----

400 — — j 90-----

1.000 — —

9*

if

5 —

570

1.500

1.000 - — .

8.000 — —

3>33l i1 6

250----

100 — —

400 — . —

311 5 —

165 6 —

54 tS "

75-----

1.500 — — 2 co — — ‘ 200 — —

2.000 — — 1,000 — — > 1,000 — —

17

1,000

*>003

*>o©o__. __

1,000 ___

1.000 >,000 _

Loooo ___

I >000 _

L250 — —

1.000 — ___

1.000 — , -

1,000 — . '

1,000 — . 1,000 — 4,100 —

66 I 10

L540-----

600 —

500

500 — _

5°o — _

500-----

500 — . 500 — 500 — .

500 — — £06 —

500----.

500 — — .

500-----

450----,

53 8

60----

210 — —

600-----

600 — —

600-----

408 14 ioi 600 — — 600-----

375 -

To

10 Geo. III.

i a6 Januarii.

To James Courts and Thomas Coutts, to be disposed of by them for His Majesty's Service Alexander Prafer, Esquire., on £. 400 a Year ——

George Lord Hay - - D° -

Sir Robert Menzies, Baronet D° -

George Earl of Crawford, £.350 a Year - - - i

George Lord Raey, on ^. 300 a Year ——

James Lord Forbes, £. 200 a Year ——

John Lord Gray -

Alexander Lord Banff -

Andrezv St. Clair, on £. 200 a Year - i -

Lady Catharine Wemyfs> on £. 100 a Year

Lady Mary Campbell, on £. 50 a Year -

Charles Lord Cat heart, on £. 1,200 a Year -

William Chetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Interludes, iSc. -Edward Capell, Esquire* Deputy Examiner of D® -

Sir Septimus Robinson, Knight, Gentleman Usher Black Rod - = i - -

John Tracey Atk't7is,. Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer -

John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen,

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D° - -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, iSc. - - &

The Executors of John Harvey, Esquire, Second Justice of D° - -

John Richmond Webb, Esquire, Second Justice of Glamorgan, - - .

Daines Barrington, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, isle. -James Hayes, Esquire, Second Justice of D° - *

Joseph Spence, M. A. Professor of Modern History in the University of Oxford , Edmund Bishop of Chester, on £. 200 a Year for Four Preachers *

John Hatfell, Esquire* Clerk AJfistant of the House of Commons -

Henry Yelverton, Esquire, late a Commissioner of the Wine Licence Office -Philip Meadows, Esquire, late another - -

James Ramsden, Esquire, late another -

William Adams, Esquire, late a Commissioner of the Wine Licence Office

John Pearson, late a Cashier in the Wine Licence Office *----

Charles Bembridge, late Secretary and Comptroller - _ -More, as Messenger - - - _ - - - -

' Gilbert East, late Comptroller General -

Ann'Parh, late Housekeeper - -

The Corpora tiou of Lyme Regis -

Clerks and Ministers of the Receipt of Exchequer -

The Judges of England, in Augmentation.of their Salaries -

John Morton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester, iSc. -

Taylor While, Esquire, Second Justice of D° - -

Dr. Robert Smith, Matter of Mechanics to His Majesty

Edward Finch, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s private Roads . - . - -

Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer

Sir Fletcher NortonY Knight, His Majesty’s Attorney General, for himself and Clerk -

William De Grey, His Majesty’s Solicitor General, for himself and Clerk -

George Earl of Orford, Ranger and Keeper of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring

The Mayor of Marclesfield - -

James Brabner, Chief Justice of Grenada, &c. - - - - *

Edward Home, Esquire, Attorney General of Grenada. - -

Arthur Dobbs, Esquire, Captain General and Governor of North Carolina -

Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet - -

Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of Antigua - _ - _ -

George Maddifon, Esquire, late Lieutenant Governor of St. Vincent -

Henry Ellis, Esquire - - - .

Israel Mauduit, Esquire, Agent for the Islands of Newfoundland - _ -

Benjamin Carpentery Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Montserrat -

James Poole, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St. Christopher

Pur beck Langham, Esquire, Agent for the Island of Grenada, isle.

Thomas Boone, Esquire, Governor of South Carolina -

Charles Pinfold, Esquire, Governor of Barbadoes - -

George Thomas, Governor of the Char'tbbee Islands - -. - -

Robert Melville, Esquire, Governor of the Grenada -

James Johnflon, Esquire, Governor of the Island of Nevis

James Brurere, Esquire, Governor of the Bermuda Islands . -

Joseph Higginson, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St. Vincent Robert Cholmondelef, Esquire, Surveyor and Auditor. of His Majesty’s Revenues in America - - - _ -

John Tabor Kempt, Esquire, Attorney General at New York - *

Mefleogers.

To William Weeks Barnefey, late Messenger of his Majesty’s Chamber - *

Thomas Gibbons, D® - -

John Oldnall, Peter. Dubourg, John Walker, Thomas Harrison, the Four Messengers attending the Receipt of Exchequer, for-travelling Charges, Termly Bills, &c*

VOL. 32.

569

£ r. d.

450 — —

300 — —:

300 — —

300 —

262 10 — *

225 — —

150 — —

15° — —

15° — —

150 100 — -

37 10 — . 1,463 14 Si 300 — —

150-----

150-----

75-----

55°-----

45°-----

5S°-----

13 ll K

228 10 3J

55°-----

45®----

400 — - —

200-----

200 — — 83 6 8

375 -

500-----

500----

80-----

I3°----

20 — — 300---

25-----

100 -

35

5>43° 9 11

200----

150----

75----

121 16 8

200 ---- fc

ne 10 —

115 10 — *

200 — —

5°----

400 -----1

100 — —

67 5 —

800 — — 200----

285 4 " 375 — "

500 —

200-----

200 —

*50----

7 5° — " 2,000; — — *

1.200 — —

1.200 — —

200 -- 1

34O----

65 18 8

312 16 — 75' —

14 14 — 4

1916 8

268----

To

57°

I z° Janu

A.

770.

To Samuel Banie/Iey, One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, for travelling Charges Peter Dabout g - - - - another ——

John Walker - another ——

!Thomas Harrison - - another -

William Ross - another - -

John Bright - another -....

Devereux Davis - - another -

Thomas Potter - - another ——

WilliaM Colebrooke - - another -

Henry Ballowe - - ' another ——

Jacob Knoky, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer William Ross - - another ——

Fees, Perpetuities, &c.

To George Grenvile, Esquire,' Chancellor of the Exchequer . - -

John Tracey Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Exchequer -The Corporation of Berwick ——

Edward Willes, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -Charles Ambler, Esquire ..... another'

EPiab Harvey, Esquire - -" - another -

Thomas Sewell, Esquire - another -

Edward Thurlow, Esquire - - - another -

Officers of the Ordnance -

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park - -

John Earl of Bredalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent

Sir Thomas Allin, Baronet, et al. Serjeants at Arms -

William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Council Records -

William Sharpe, Esquire, et al. Clerks of the Council -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary George Earl of Or ford. Ranger of St. James's Park ' -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent George Duke of St. Albans, Matter of the Hawks to His Majesty - - / -

The Heirs of Tates - - - j

George Duke of Marlborough, Keeper of the Privy Seal - -

John Bristow, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions, &c. in the Tower -Dr. Robert Jenner, Professor of Laws in Oxford ' - -

Edward Finch9 Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Private Roads -Thomas Sewell, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -The Heirs of Colonel Fabfax ' ——

The Officers and Clerks of the Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bills ' - -

To D°, on their Fees -

Her Majesty Queen Charlotte ~ -

Robert Earl of Northington, Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain -Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for Watch then

William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenue....

Arthur Onslow, Esquire ——

William Pitt, Esquire " - ‘ - ‘ -

His Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland -

George Earl of Kinnoul -

Henry Darby Gardiner, Gentleman, Clerk of the Nichells -

Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Attorney General ——

William De Grey, Solicitor General ——

The Master of Emanuel College, Cambridge -

University of Cambridge' " - -

Churchwarden of St. Botolph - - ’ - *

Lezvis Lord Sondes, Auditor of the Imprest -

William Aijlabie, Esquire, another ——

George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Windsor Castle -

Andrew Slone, Esquire, Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -Thomas Wynne, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -William Pryce and Henry-Zy/*v Esquires, another - - - v - -

John Truefdale, Apothecary inOrdinary to his Majesty -

Benjamin Bathurst, Esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe - -

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield - -

The Fellows of Eton College - - - - - -

Martha Bonfoy, Widow, Housekeeper at Newmarket -

George Earl of Pomfret, RangcT of the House Park at Windsor -William Earl of Derby, et al. for the Ministers of the Isle of Man -Matters in Chancery - 1 ——

Judges of England ——

John Morton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester, &c. - -

Taylor White,' Esquire, Second Justice of D*

Sir Marlin Wright, Knight -

£ s. I

61----

408 5 — *54 —

3°3 7

81 10 —

44----

128----

128----

146 13 4 133 6 8 239 15 -239 15 -

*52 14 9

245-----

100-----

40----

40----

40----

26 — 6 40----

428 19 8 109 10 — 166 13 4 203 15 — »

500 -

1,000 — — 100 — — 892 17 6

TOO — —

1,372 10 — 125 — 365 —

136 17 6

40----

73 2-6-6 ioo-----

5,900 -

78* 2 50,000 — —

5,000 -

j66 -

100 — *-

3.000 -

3.000 — —

25,000----

1.000 -

20-----

81 6 8

70----

16 13 4 20----

66 13 4

100 -

137

120 300

10 —

86 45°

47

10

3r 150 — 300 —

10 —

75

825

ij>854

347

375

75°

7*

7

10 —

To

iov’Geo. III.

‘WJauuMi.

rxi

,0.

To Officers of the Works - - -....

Samuel Lord Masham, King's Remembrancer -

Claudius Amy and Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty's Libraries - - .

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, OneofH is N&jdfty’s PrindpaLSeeretaries oPfltate John Earl of Sandzvich, another ——

The Churchwardens of St. Mary Magnus - -

itforatib -Walfiole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign fiftrettts4ntbe ‘Court of Kkcffequer n The Ph^rchwardeqs of Sl Michael, in Caruhiil . - r , - , ..-i; -»

Sir Charles Cotterell former, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies -

Stephen Get ter ell, Eftjuirc, Assistant D° - - X

Thomas Driftg‘ et al. Keepefs of.t&fc Coqpod QJjafnber Am blacker by, Housekeeper of the liouie of L6rds Joseph Smith, et al. King’s Serjeants at Arms University of Oxford, Lady Margaret's Professor -£)ean and Chapter of Westminster - -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, His Majesty’s Surveyor General The School master of Southwell - - - <

Harry Burrard, Esquire, Ranger of New Fori/l ‘ -Chrtftopker Seaton, Gentleman, Engraver to His Majesty Henry Ranks, Iffquirt, One of His Majesty's Counsel at Law William Cketzoynd, Esquire, Master of His Majesty’s Tennis Churti. s--MichaelCrane* etui. Apothecaries to His Majesty Lady Mary CJmrchill, Housekeeper at Kensington -Chrifi Church tHolf>ital ----- X-f J. ! -f <-

Vicar of Litchfield ------ - .

Richard Afion, i Esqmre, -One of His Majesty* Council at Law — - - 5 - u *

Dr. Gregory Sharpe, Matter of tile Temple - — -- - 1 .

Rick ard St one hewer, ~Esqu ire, Knight Harbinger ——

The Executor of John Newcombe, Header of-Divinity in the University of- Cambridge Stephen Martin Leake, al. King’s Heralds,* &c. *- - - -:

Sir Edmund Thomas, Bafonet, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, k£c. -Samuel Horsey,\hiopm^-Giaucfjler King at Arms -

Dr. John Kelley, Professor of Physic in- the University of Oxford — , -

Sir John Hinde Cotton, baronet - — - *» -

Sir Mathew Lamb, Baronet, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law The Churchwardens of St. -John Baptist, IVaid broke -

His Royal Hijfchnefe William Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Hampton Court Park Corporation df Dartmouth -

-Richard Clay tan, Esquire, One of His Majesty s Counsel at Law Dr. George Hay, Advocate General -

Rachael Lloyd, Housekeeper at Newmarket -

Dr. Rujfel Plumptree, Riader of Physic in the University of Cambridge William RicUingtou, Reader of Civil Laws in the University of Cambridge - -Sir Thomas Denism, -Knight ——

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, Ranger of Sawfey Forest - -

William Duwdefwell, Esquire, Chancellor of the Exchequer - - *

Nicolas Bonfoy, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms - -

William Hogarth, Esquire, late Serjeant Painter , - -

ill

t 7 T

a

.T

TJO

T£ Ci V

» >A

zsP

i- <

128 io 7

55 n 4

150 -

151 5 9*

151 10 10

21 4 8

44; 4- — I50 — — i*6 13 4

9 3 — 605 — — 13 6 8

60 — —

800-----

10-----

37 5----

37 10 —

40-----

79 4 -f 40 — 4-157 15 2

370 10 —

*5 - X*

-3*3 4l

'147 »o —

53 -Vi 8 'I —

- < 30 —

; '1 \ . k 40 —

' io''*- —

- < 3®' —

''1/e-i- —

- 7 J3 4

- 36 18 8

40

- 34 *4 a|

5°J3

67 4 10

''to ' 50

to ’ 40

- 296 18 1

- 80

- 38 13 2

- 26 13 6

- 8 in

L 608,578 15 11}

Exchequer, nth Day of January 1770.

E, miford,

'1

VOL. }t.

k f „ . \

7C "

57*

ia° Januarii.

4- m°-

..'"V -T

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Am ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid out of she Receipt of His Majesty'i Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service; Pensions, Boilritief, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of-Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 25th Day of October 1760 to the 25th Day of February 1769; distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 25th Day of October 1765 to the 25th Day of October 1766.

To Sir William Breton, Knight

Privy Purse.

Secret and SpeciaLService.

To. Henry Augustus Fitzroy Duke of Grafton rHenry Seymour Conway, Esquire - -

S'is George Amy and and Co - — *-

Jfenry.iPotts, Esquire --

c (Lewis Dutens, Esquire - - - - ' / -

- -Archibald Cleveland, Esquire -

— CJiarle Lowndes, Esquire; . ' - . - i - 1 -

.Charles O'Hara, Esquire -

► - -Charles Sloan Cadogan, Esquire - \-

Walter and Cope, and William Bignau

— -John Roger Siebell-md Co. - -

£. s. i 1,895 la 1 2,250' — — 12,128 13 6

*845 *5 —

533 *5 " . .323.10 — 29,216 16 6

700 1 — —

293 l5 —

205----

2,386 xi 6

? Philip Cade, Inquire

Band of Pensioners.

JToljbhn Duke of Bedford _ -Daniel Earl of Winchelsea

President of the Council.

1,061 17 i£ ,938 2 |o|

To "Thomas Hemming

1 1 1

; To John Duke of Marlborough

Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle

King’s Goldsmith. Keeper of the Privy Seal.

728 — 8

i>2J3 4 4

To Henry Earl of Darlington

Matter of the Jewels.

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum and Sums of Money whatsoeverj viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys, £s?r.

To William Henry Earl of Rockford, Ambassador to the Catholic King - -

Sir Joseph Yorke, Ambassador to the States General of the United Provinces David Viscount Stormont, Ambassador to the Court of Vienna -Benjamin Langlois, Esquire, Secretary to the Embafiy to the Court of Vienna John Earl of Buchinghamshire, Ambassador to the Court of Russia -Edward Hay, Esquire, Envoy to the Mott Faithful King Philip Stanhope, Esquire, Envoy to the Court of Brefden -George Pitt, Esquire, Envoy to the King of Sardinia -

Walter Tit ley, Esquire, Envoy to the King of Denmark -

William Hamilton, Esquire, Envoy to the King of the Two Sicilies -George Macartney, Esquire, Envoy to the Empress of Russia - - - *

Sir James Porter, Knight, late Minister to the Court of Brussels -

48,000 —

54*77* 8 7

4,500 - -

2,000 — — 6,262 14 6

1,981 5 —

J*J s- *

7,400

5.100

7.100 850

1,300 2*433

*.675

2,665 *,359 >>375 1,980 — — 1,169 15 «o »r . *cY

8 —

lo Gfip. IIL

*2° Janu

To William Gordo Esquire, Min!(let* to the Court of: Rrujbls - 15 r-

JD*. as late Minister to Rati/bon - * 373 '__

Solomon Dayrotie, Esquire, late Minister to the Court of Brussels - -

jindrvw Mitchell, . Esquire, Minister at the Court of PrxJJia - - „

William Norton, Esquire, Minister at the Swiss Cantons

r John Murray, Esquire, Resident to the Republicjsf Venice 1,126 — ___

j More, as Am ballad or to the Ottoman Port . - _ - . - - , 273 — -

Ralph Woodford Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns -Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Envoy with the jGreat_ Duke of Tuscany *-«

Thomas Wrought on, Esquire^ Resident at the Court of the King of Poland Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, Resident and Envoy at the Court of Sadden Henry Grenville, Esquire, Ambassador at the Ottoman Porte - .

Archibald Esquire, Canful at Tripoli. - .

Dudley Alexander Sidney Cojhy, Esquire, Resident at the Court of Denmark

Joseph Pop ham,' Esquire, Confiil at Tetuan - - . - -

Stanier Porten, Esquire, Consul at Madrid . -

James Halford^ Esquire, Consul at Genoa - -

Isaac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul at Naples % Michael Hatton, Esquire, Consul at the Ports of Ojlend> l£c. -Emanuel Mathias* Esquire, Agent to the Hans Towns - -

Robert Kirk, Esquire, Consul at Algiers 1 - .

ffofiah Hardy, Esquire, Consul at Cadiz . - _ -

Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, £. 300 a Year Johii Puma by, Esquire, -3 OJ a Day ——

v Lewis De Vifme, A. M, Secretary to the Embassy to the Catholic King -Qharles Gordon, Esquire, late Consul at Tunis - -

Charles Holzendorf Esquire, £. 400 z Year. -

Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire, £.200 a Year - -

Robert Gunning, Esquire, Envoy to the King of Denmark Charles Duke of Richmond, Ambassador to the Most Christian King ..... James Trail, Esquire, Consul at Tunis . - -

:Fulk Greville, Esquire, Envoy to Bavaria, and Minister to Ratijbon , -

"James Wright, Esquire, Resident to the Republic of Venice - -

Francis Earl of Hertford, late Ambassador to the Most Christian.King - -

___ Sir Thomas Charles, Bunbury, Jate Secretary toihe said Embassy - _ -

__.Sir James Gray, Baronet, £. 3. a Day - _ - . - - - r -

_ David Hume, j Esquire, Secretary to the Embassy to the Most Christian King William Henry 'Earl of Rochford, Ambassador tQ the Most Christian King _ - .

.Stanier Porten, Esquire, Secretary to the said Embassy - . - -

_ . James Brujby, Esquire,. Consul at Madrid - - - . *

James Samson, Esquire, Consul at Algiersy in the Absence of James Kirk -Hans Stanley, Esquire, Ambassador to the Empress of Russia - t -

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

To Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Receipt, of His Majesty’s Exchequer John Walker, Esquire, Usher of the Court oP Exchequer % - -

Nathaniel Evans, for the Charge of his Passageto New Jersey.

Samuel Sloan - - - D° Maryland -

Christopher Ml Roe - . - D° Virginia

Hugh Wilson - D°. Pensylvania - [

Samuel Giles - - - D° D* - -

William Linfdale - - - D* South Carolina - >

Thomas Atkin - - - - D* Maryland - .

fames Cofgrtve - - - _ D° North Carolina.

George Goldie - - - D* Virginia -

George Micklejokn - - - D°, North Carolina - -

David Chartrund de Life - - - ;D° , Canada - - - . - -

.Lawrence Coughlar - - _ - D° Newfoundland

Charles Woodmanfon D° South Carolina . - -;

William Hukard . - - D5? Virginia -

John Alexander - - . - - D*. Georgia - ,

Paul Jnrquand - - - - D#. South Carolina , -

Thomas Flloyd - - - 7 ,: D° Virginia -

Charles Cnpples - - - D° North Carolina. \ -

Jpftah Joktifon - - - - UD° Virginia . - .

Samuel Prijke - - - - D° North Carolina -. -

Benjamin Sebastian - - - . D° . Virginia -

Lee-MaJJey - - - ,; D° _ D° _ -

James Stuart - - - - D° D° _ - _ -

Bennett Allen - - - , . D# _ Maryland.

.Wi(liam Holy bur ton - - - - ^D* Virginia „ - .

Henry Elitfon, Esquire, Sheriff of Cumberland for an Over Payment -j r -Robert Brottingham — D° . A rj.

VOL. 32.

s 73

*,183 15 — 825 — — 3,426-----

1.18,5 - — -

t.401 — —

1,03d----

2,607 "T " 1,023 — *"*

'fdZ

535,----

549 >2 ~

487

75°

287 300 150

55°

1,042

150 -

225 — — 412 xo — 852----

375 -

300 — —

150

75a

2,265

X25----

1.575 -

10 —

10 —

J5

7

16

6

3

7 3f

570 2,679

482 -

825 - -

384----

2,&00 -

486----

250 -

ISO----

2,800 — ---

3,283

43 2

20

20 — — 20 — — 20 — — 20 - — —

20----

20 — ---

20----

20 -- — *

20----

20----

20 — —

20----

20 -- — >

20 — — 20 — — 20 — —

20----

20 -

20-----

20----

20----

20----

20 -

2 0 -r- -

n v 9

1* 9

574

12* Jamwii.

A. 1770.

To John Arden, Esqufre, Sheriff of Chejkr, for an Over Payment ..... Sir Thomas Harrison, Knight, and Brass Crafty, Esquire, D* London and Middlesex, D* John Hodgotts, Esquire ' D* Stafford D*

~ ~ mits -

iBenjamin A dam Jon "Sir Thomas Wentworth ' ~William Backwtll Edward Winwood Sir Peter Leicefte Baronet John Whlmejley -

Thomas Cockayne Sir \Richard Be Sir William Mildmay TAcynas Willianfon Solomon Jones "Joseph Greaves -Sir Bihy Lake John Topp

William Churchill John Crew Arthur Annejley Mat hero Foster -'William Lawrence Sir Edward Hulfe William Ellis - -

Pickard Edwards'

William Vafon -Amhroje Saunders Robert Dobyns Robert Child

D*

Dr

D*

D#

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D#

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D°

York

Backs

Wore ester -Chester Lane after -

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

Cambridge and Huntingdon D* Kent -

Essex

Lincoln - -

Monmouth - -

Derby ' -

Hertford -Salop - -

Cornwall

Chester - " -

Oxford -Northumberland Rutland

Southampton ' - -

Nottingham Bedford Hereford Leicester G due eft er

D*

D*

D°

D#

D*

D°

D*

D*

D#

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

Warwick

Captain Boyle Walfinghdm, for bringing an Account from Major General Monckton at Martinico - -' - -

Sir William Stevenson, Knight, Lord Mayor of the City of London -Stephen Theodore janffen, Chamberlain of the City of London -John Larpeut, Esquire, for a Present to the Bey of Tunis -Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, D° to Monsieur Le Graft -

More to Count De la Marmona - ....

More to Mr. Stableton - -

William Duke of Gloueeftet - - .

DoCVor Samuel Chandler ——

Doctor Samuel Stemiett ——

Francis Lord Hawley - - ~ - -

Jonas Hanway, for the Sufferers by the Fire at Montreal -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis ——

George Brown, Esquire, for the Emperor of Morocco -

More for the Dey of Algiers -

John Le Gross ——

Charles Baron Camden, Chancellor of Great Britain -

Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Knight, for Monsieur Landrian -Messrs. Clifford and C°, for Samuel Brown -

John Hewitt, Esquire, Alderman of the City of Coventry -

The Governors of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children - '

William Davis, Gentleman, to pay Bills of Exchange, and to reimbuife Expences -The Governor and Company of Chelsea Water Works -

John Chilton, towards his Expence in prosecuting for a Conspiracy

Alexander Burnett, for Special Service -

Mark Baskett, Printer to His Majesty - - - - '

Michael Thirkle, Esquire, for an Over Payment on the Land Tax 1763 Sir John Fielding, Knight, to defray the Expences of the Magistrates of the City and Liberty of Westminster -

James Reynolds, for his Service in former Lotteries -

Lord Viscount Bateman, for Expences as Matter of the Buck Hounds John Billington, Chief Bailiff of the Tower of London Henry Huckfon, to pay a Bill of Exchange -

Cuchet Jcuvencel, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Service, and to pay Bills of Exchange Francis Gregg, Under Sheriff of Middlesex. for Conviction of Felons -

Thomas Gregory William Prior Johhfon James Park

Thomas Pares -

Henry Smith Edward Price -John Chatfield -Paul Orchard, Sheriff -Thorrias Hall:

D* Kent D*

D* 1 1 D*

D* Lr D°

D* Leicester - D*

D° Oxford - D*

D* Bucks D*

D* Surrey ' , - - D*

mm Devon - - % D*

D* Southampton - ~ D*

6

1

t

9

1

9

1

8

3

3

6

9

7

3

5

£ s,

147 1 5

849 14 121 6

70 1 89 2

35 r5 44 5 176 16

61 10 —

48 3 8

5 *

t8 17

29 3

62 2

30 1 t

78 6 10$

105 19 14

81 10 2

99 18 — 32 xi — $ 27 iS 4

6 4

148 —

27 14 15 14

114 13 —

26 14 10

6*

*4 4

26 *8 3

500 — —

1,000 — — -

4,500----

533 15 —

545 >9 —

545 *9 —

330 16

20,000 —

850 — --»

1,650-----

100 — — too — —

IOO — —

533 15 ~

533 *5 —

150----

2,000 — —

330 16 —

222 13 —

300----

24,757 10 — 12,668 17 6

52 14 — 20 — —

73°-----

5^46 11 5

3,000-----

"120 —

100 — -

700 — 228 3 —

533 *4 6

669 4 —

320 — —

' 520 — — . 190 — — .

CO-----

80-----

20 —

25O-----

40----

37°----

40-----

T®

io Geo. III.

To Joseph Graves, Sheriff of Derby -

12° Janu

575

Reginald Denison, Under Sheriff of Middlesex

for Conviction of Felons

John Chandler Edward Clerk John Humpreys Christopher Smith -John Hall

D8

D°

D8

D8

D°

Surrey Oxford Flint

Northampton Hertford

John Francis Meyrick, Esquire, Sheriff of Pembroke John Smith Barry, Sheriff of Chester

Gabriel Truffen -John Goddard -

Thomas King and Thomas Seden William Dallaway John Norris -

Charles Pigot -

Philip Field -

John Bree -

Peter Brooke -

Thomas Thornhill Adam Price -

D8

D°

D8

D8

D8

D8

D8

D8

D8

D°

D8

Suffolk -Huntingdon Coventry Gloucester Norfolk Salop Bedford Warwick Chester -York -

D8

D*

D8

D*

D8

D8

D8

D8

D8

D8

D8

D8

D°

D*

D8

D*

D8

D8

D8

Devon

Edward More, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons -

Nicolas Bonfoy, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons

Richard Jephfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers -George Denshire, Esquire, Receiver of Taxes - - - - -

Henry Rooke, Gentleman, Chief Clerk of the Records in the Tower of London Hans Stanley, Esquire, Governor of the Me of Wight, for a Surplus due to him

Daniel Race, Esquire, Receiver for the Use of the Trustees of the British Museum Lord George Beauclerk, Ranger of Bagshot Rails in Forest -

Thomas Tyrwhitt, for Printing and other Works, for the Service of the House of Commons Robert Nunn for catching, feeding, and carting Deer in Windsor Forest -Several Persons employed in the examining and final liquidating of all unfinished Claims and Demands on the late War in Germany -

The Sheriffs of England and Wales, for passing their Patents, -

Peter Roberts, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London -

William Ely, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road

Thomas Mainwaring, Esquire, Receiver of Taxes -

Joseph Richardson, to pay Bills of Exchange, and to reimburse Expences.

John Stewart, for Tianfportation of Felons -

The King’s Heralds and Pursuivant at Arms, for Laigefles -

Samuel frilfon, Gentleman, to clear the Expences of the Lottery ..

The Managers and Directors of the Lottery -

Anthony Bacon, for Negroes employed for the public Service in the I fend of Tobago, (Ac. Captain Jean Francis Marlinot, for his Losses by his Ship’s being wrecked on the Coast

of Cornwall -

Captain William Stock, for Freight of some Horses and Wild Beads from Gibraltar, for His Majesty’s Use ——

Sir Jeffrey Elves, Knight, Treasurer to the Governors of Queen Ann's Bounty, for the poor Clergy -

John Bristow, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London -

John Herbert, Esquire, Receiver of Taxes

John Lord Berkeley of Stratton, Constable of the Tower of London

The Executors of Samuel Wright, for Rent of a House in Whitehall -

Thomas Dring, Gentleman, for the Under Clerks of the Privy Council

John Larpent, Esquire, for the Rent of an House in Cleveland Row -

Annuities, Allowances, (Ac.

To the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer Geage Grenville, Esquire, late Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer William Dowdefivell Esquire, late Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer Charles Townshend, Esquire D° -

John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London More to him, for Three Clerks - -

Richard Jllorley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster More, as Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer - -

Robert Jennings, Esquire, for Services in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of H is Majesty’s Exchequer -

Bartholomew Lucas, Gentleman, for keeping the Registerv in the said Office ? Charles Lowndes, Esquire, et al. Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury -

Hugh Valence Jqnes, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of the Treasury -Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire - - late another - - - <*

Thomas Nuthall, Esquire - - - another - -

Charles Palmer, et. al. for Services performed in the Treasury Office John Jackson, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate John Earl Tiltiey, Warden of the Forest of Waltham -Von. 32. 7 H

£ s. d

40 -t —

180 — — ioo — —

130 — —

40----

80----

So --

10 — —

160 — —

80 — —

40 — —

4°----

100 — - —

40----

iizz

9° — —

50----

150 — —

200 — —

500----

526 12 —

87 10 —

800 — — (

49----

346 15

2,000 —

70----

220 — —

8 5 —

11,200 - —

4,000 — —

98 14 —

65 —

460 7 3

991 *3 —

2.250 — —

140 — —

3.250 -

7,750 -- — 4,531 18 11$

428 11 6

360 5 G

15,500----

91 5 —

329 8 —

78 io —

102 13 6 300 — —

155 12 6

8,000-----

45 7 4

1,200 — —

284 10 g£

00----

150 — —

480 — —

420 — —

100 — - —

jo----

2,850-----

200 — - —

808 IO I9I 9 9*

74°-----

20 — .

202 IO —

To

12° Januarii.

A. 1770!

To Henry Rooke, Esquire, Chief Clerk in the Record Office in the Tower of London -

John Earl Bute, Ranger and Keeper of Richmond Park -

John Keene, Esquire, Keeper of the Records, of forfeited Estates in England Henry Master man, Esquire, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -Robert Herbert, Esquire, Surveyor General . - -

Abraham Farley, Senior, Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer John Ibbutt, Messenger, attending the Printing Press -

Sir Joseph Ay Ioffe, Baronet, et al. for Methodizing the Records in the Court of Augmentations ——

D\ for the King’s Remembrancer’s Office - - - ’ -

D°, for the Paper Office, Whitehall -

Richard Hammond, Esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer

Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the said Court -

Clerks in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office - - .

The Secondaries in the said Office -

Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of* the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas ——

Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, late Attorney General -

Robert Nunn, Gentleman, Porter of the Outward Gate of Windsor Cattle -Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer S\r Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk, of the Pells -

William De Grey, Solicitor General -

The Comptroller, Secondaries, and Clerks of the Pipe Office -

The Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer John Shelly, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

The Executors of William Duke of Cumberland, late Keeper of Windsor Forest -

More, for holding Swanimole Courts - -

The Under Keepcis of Cranburn Chace - - -

Abraham Farley, and John Borlace Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer

Peter Calvert, Keeper of the Records of forfeited Estates in England

Her Royal Highness the Princeis Dowager of Wales -

Edward Duke of York ——

William Duke of Gloucester -

Edward Le Grand, Treasurer to Prince Henry and Prince Frederick -

Henry Duke of Grafton, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State Henty Seymour Conway, Esquire, another - - - - _ -

Samuel Lord Sandys, £. 1,500 aYear

Robert Earl of Holdernesse, 4,100 a Year - -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent -

John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent -John Lord Monson, D° \ - -

Granville LevefonEarl Gower, late Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold William Henry Duke of Portland, Lord Chamberlain of the Houshold

William Finch, Esquire Vice Chamberlain of D° -- George Lord Fillers, D" - -

William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of the Houshold - -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary - -

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies -Thorhas Dring and John Pickle, Keepers of the Council Chamber -Sir John Crift, Baronet, Speaker of the House of Commons -William Earl of Hillsborough, late First Commissioner of Trade and Plantations William Earl of Dartmouth, the present ——

The Commissioners of Trade and Plantations -

John Pozvnall, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners, for himself and Clerks More to him, for incident Charges - -

The Clerks of His Majesty’s Privy Council -

Lionel Cranfield Duke of Dorset, late Constable of Dover Cattle

George Earl of Orford, Keeper of Hyde Park -

More, for watering the Ring in the said Park -

More, as Keeper of St. James's Park, for Two additional Keepers -

George Duke of St. Albans, £. 1,000 aYear -

John Tabor Kempe, Esquire, Attorney General at New Fork -

Francis Earl of Huntingdon, Groom of the Stole to His Majesty -

William Earl of Coventry, One of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber

John Earl of Buckinghamshire - - - D0 -

Alexander Earl of Eglington - - D® -

William Earl of March - - - D®

Thomas Lord Bruce D*

Edward Earl of Oxford D* - -

Peregrine Duke o\ Ancaster D* -

Francis Earl of Hertford - - - D*

George Earl of Orford - - - - D*

Robert Lord Bertie - - - - D - -

Frederick St. JolmNikount Bolingbrooke - D® ' -

£ d.

200 — —

5* 15 — 134 10 8fr

S0 -

200 -

40 — —

60-----

HS 1* 4|

479 7 7*

500-----

20 — —

150-----

22 10 — 18-----

26 — - —

77 16 10$

25 —

200 — —

l95 8 4 115 10 —

69 3 4

35-----

53 6 8

3----

268 14 nf

40-----

10----

80-----

65 9 3*

10,000 — —

12,000 -

12,000 -

8,000 — —

1,168 19 ij

1,387 10 —

1,500-----

2,050-----

3»i66 13 4

857 15 2

267 4 10

858 4 11

L39i 15 — f

f59 5 6f

270 12 4$

H55-----

150-----

100-----

73-----

2,000 -

347 *8 9

652 1 3

8,cco-----

1,150-----

2,458 18 —

300-----

2,050 .-----

200 — — 200 — - —

67 10 —

750-----

150-----

1,500-----

750-----

750-----

750-----

750-----

750-----

736 -

l59 6 9f

750----

75°----

75°----.

291 4' 8f

To

i a?. Jmuayii.

lO-GEOf-III.

577

~ i —

To Samuel Lord Masham^ One of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber George Duke of Manchester - - - D"

Lord Willoughby De Brooke - - - - D° ! -J

' Betfil Bari of Denbigh - D®* / . ->

GeorgeEdrl of Papfret .....D®

Peachey, Esquire, One of the Grooms of His MajestyVBedcbamber S\r-Wi/liam Breton, Knight - - - - D°- ~ -

— George Pitt, Esquire- - - - D? »‘j.

— Wilticffn Nor they, Esquire - *- - - ' D* j - . - .

Augufius Keppe'll, Esquire - > .*«.; D® - .

John Moffyn, Esquire - - - - . D°

-Edmund Nugent, Esquire ... - - - D® -... ?

James Wright, Esquire - - ... - D- -. ... .1 - .; -

- John Mordaunt, Ittquire - - . , D® .

Charles' Hat ham, Esquire - - -D®

— Henry Seymour, Esquire - - - D® .

John Augufius Harvey, Esquire - - - - ’ D®. - ,

Hemy Wallop, Esquire - - - V -.D®; - , .

George'Envl of Pomfret, Keeper of the House Pai'k zt.Windsor, -

- Norborne Lord Fptetourt, Constable of the Forestof Dean - - . - —

WiHiamChetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all ilntfriudes, &c. - .

Edward Capell, Esquire, Deputy Examiner D* . , - -o .; -:

Jefeph Spence, A.\L Professor of Modern History in the Universi.ty of Oxford

LawrenceBrockett, B. D. D® at Cambridge Charles Lord Cathcart, £. 1,200 aYear - - .

James Lord Somerville, £. 800 a-Year - - - - - ?

Alexander Earl of Galloway. D° - -

- John Earl of Hyhdford - -D® - -

- Charles Lord Aberdour — D® - - - -j , .-

Francis Lord Napier - - - D® - - - - _ -

William Earl of Sutherland, £. 500 a Year . - . - -

James and Thomas Coutts, £. 600 a V ear -

Alexander Frafer, Esquire, £. 400 a Year -

- George Lord Hay - - - D® ——

Sir Robert Menzies, Baronet - D®-- - -

George Earl of Crawford, £. 350 a Year

George Lord B.aey, £.300 a Year - - - .

James Lord Forbes, £. 200 a Year - ' ' - '

John Lord Gray - - D® -

Alexander Lord Banff -D® ——

Andrew St. Clair - D® - - - . ' -

Lady Catharine Wemyfs,£. 100 a Year -

Lady Mary Campbell,£.50 a Year -

James Earl of Finlater, £.800 a Year -

John Tracy Atkyns, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer -

John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, 13c.

- Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D® - -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, &c. - - .

John Richmond Webb, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -

William Whitaker, Esquire, D® - - , - -

Daines Barrington, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, lAc, -James Hayes, Esquire, Second Justice of D®

John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk Allistant of the House of Commons -

Henry Folkes, Esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath -

Sir Septimus Robinson, Knight, Gentleman Ether Black Rod - -

Philip Medows, Esquire, late One of the Commissioners of Duty on Wine-Licences James Ramsden, Esquire - - — - . D® - -

WillianiAdams, Esquire - - - - D®

John Pearson, late Cashier to D® -

- Charles Bembridge, late Secretary and Comptroller D® - -

More, as late Messenger to D® - - - - .

Gilbert East, Comptroller General to D® -

Ann Parke, late Housekeeper to the Commissioners of the Duty on Wine licences ’ .: Doctor Robert Smith, Matter of Mechanics to His Majesty -The Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher *

The Corporation of Lyme Regis - . -

William Davis, to pay the late-Princess Caroline's Servants -

Neville Majk dyne, A.M. - - - -

Edmund Bishop of Chester . ... . -

1 Solomon Dayrolle, Matter of his late Majesty's Revels

- Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Garter -

Thomas Tyruhitt, et al. Clerks of the House of- Commons. -

Samuel Strutt, et al. Clerks of the House of Peers -

Daniel I Her, £.200 a Year - - *

Vol. 32.

C s. J.

7 jo-----‘7

75° — —

.75.0-----

.750 — — 750-----

375 -

375 -

375 *----

375 — "

375 — —

375 — —

375-:-----

375 — —

375 -

375 -

140 9 34

375 -

1,85 11 4

600----

210-----

400 — - —

200 — — -

400 — — -

400 — —

600 —

800 — — 800 — —

Soo — — 800 — —

375 -

600 — —

4°o — — 1 400 — — 400 — —

35°----

300-----

too — — 1 230 — ' —

200 -

200 — -

75-----

50-----

731 10 it 100 — —

550 -

550----

45°-----

38° 5 150 14 5!

450-----

550 -

200 — —

500-----

*32 9 si

5°o----

coo-----

5°° — — 80----

130----

20 — - —

300-----

i5----

150----

50-----

100 — —

415-----

248 9 2

200 — — . i 7i

IOO -

57° 5 — 970 — —

400 — —

too —

To

i a0 Jamarii.

A. 1770.

To the Judges of England - - - - - - , -

John Morton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chejkr -Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D9 -

Sir Francis Molineux, Knight, Gentleman Ulher Black Rod -Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, £. 800 a Year -Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of Antigua ' »

Henry Ellis, Esquire, £. 300 a Year -

Jfrael Mauduit , Esquire, Agent for Cape Breton -

Benjamin Carpenter, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Montserrat

James Poole, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St.

Pur bee Langham, Esquire, Agent for the Island of Grenada, £sV. -' -

Thomas Boone, Esquire, Governor of South Carolina

Charles Pinfold, Esquire, Governor of Barbadoes -

George Thomas, Esquire, Governor of -the Caribbee Islands -

Robert Melvill, Esquire, Governor of the Grenada, fj -

John Johnson, Esquire, Governor of the liland of Nevis -

James Bruere, Esquire, Governor of the Bermuda Islands

Joseph Higginson, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St. Vincent William Shirley, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Bahama Islands Robert Cholmondeley, Auditor of the Revenue in America -Alexander Brown, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Tobago William Try on, Esquire, Captain General and Governor of North Carolina George Scott, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Dominica

r '

£. s- d. &A7S *°4

200 -V —

*5° ,----

61 6 9f

800 — —

200-----

300 — —

300 — —

200 —

ZOO — , ---

150----

£O0 --- —

1,500 -

1,200 -- —

1,200 — -

3OO-----

34° — — 647 15 900 — — 187 lO . — 500 — — 500 — — 700 -

Messengers.

To Thomas Gibbons, Messenger of His Majesty’s Chamber -

Peter Dubourg, John Walker, Thomas Harrison, and William Ross, Messengers attending

the Receipt of Exchequer -

Peter Dubourg, One of thd laid Messengers- -

-John Walker Thomas Harrison William Ross John Bright, One Devereux Davis Thomas Potter William Co/ebrooke Henry Ballowe

of

D*

D*

D°

the

Messengers of the Court of Exchequer

D*....

D*....

D*....

D* ——

John Berkenhead, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer Benjamin Barker - - D* - - - - *

Fees, Perpetuities, lAc.

To the University of Oxford, for a Preacher - -

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies

Stephen Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant and Marshal of the Ceremonies - -

John Truefdale, Gentleman, Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty

George Earl of Cardigan, Governor of Windsor Cattle -

Andrew Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -William Earl Derby, et at. for the Ministers of the Isle of Man Sir Edmund Thomas, Baronet, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods -George Earl of Pomfret, Keeper of the House Park at Windsor William Duke of Gloucejbr, Keeper of Hampton Court Park -The Heirs of Nicolas Tates -

The Judges of England -

John Morton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Ctdc. -Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D*

Sir Martin Wright, Knight - -

The Matters in Chancery ——

Richard Stonehewer, Esquire, Knight Harbinger to His Majesty The Fellows of Eton College -

John Kelly, M.D. Professor in Physic in the University of Otford Thomas Wynne, Esquire, Auditor in the Court of Exchequer -Richard Price and Henry Lyte, Esquires, who aft as the other Henry Shelley and Michael Warden, who aft as Auditor in the Court of Exchequer Harry Burrard, Esquire, Keeper of the New Forest in the County of Southampton The Corporation of Berwick ——

Thomas bring and John Pickle, Keepers of the Council Chamber Martha Bonfoy, Housekeeper at His Majesty’s Palace at Newmarket -Rachael Lloyd, D° at Kensington - -

Benjamin Bathurst, Qut Ranger of Windsor Forest -

Christopher Seaton, Chief Engraver of Seals to His Majesty -William Chetwynd, Esquire, Master of the Tennis Court -

' Richard Beresford, Esquire, D* -JohtiBriJhw, Keeper of the Lions, &c. in the Tower of London -The King’s Serjeants at Arms -

60 16 8

488-----

431 *5 — 313 17 6

483 2 6

379 —

44-----

128 - — — 128 — — -146 13 4

133 6 8

130 — - —

130 — —

20 — —

200 — — zoo — — 221 13 4

115----

183 — - —

120----

100 — — 100 — — 400 — —

74 4 —

75 -

21,500 — — -

73o----

500 — —

1,000----

1,097 16 — J 195 16 8

42-----

50----

300-----

*5° — f —

44 16 1of

500-----

75 -

9* 5 —

200-----

300-----

598 5 6

50-----

99 5 4

76 8 iof

136 17 6

803-----

To

io Geo. III.

i2° Januarii.

To Charles Ambler, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -

Eliah Harvey, Esquire - - - D®

Edvtard JVillesy Esquire D* -

Edward Thurlow, Esquire D° -

Mathew Lamb, Esquire D* -

Henry Banks, Esquire D° -

Richard Clayton, Esquire - - - D® -

Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy - - - D* -

William Dickenson, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Office of Treasurer’s Remembrancer ——

The King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms -

Henry Hill, Brunswick Herald -

John Suffield Brown, Blanc Courlier D® -

Sir Thomas Denison, Knight, £. 1,200 a. Year -

The Officers of the Ordnance -

The Officers of the Board of Works ——

Sir Thomas Allin, Baronet, late One of the Serjeants at Arms - -

John Horsey, Gloucester King at Arms ----- r

George Duke of Marlborough, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre cn the North Side of Trent John Earl of Breadalbane, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent'

John Lord Monfcn, D° ——

Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Attorney General to His Majesty

John Earl Bute, Keeper of Richmond Park ——

William Sharpe, Keeper of the Council Records -

The Clerks of the Privy Council -

Dr. Gregory Sharpe, Matter of the Temple - -

George Earl of Orford, Keeper of St. James's Park -

George Duke of St. Albans, Matter of the Hawks to His Majesty -

To the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer -

D°, for their ancient Fees ——

Robert Earl of Northington, Chancellor of Great Britain ....

Charles l^ord Camden, - -D* ——

Horace Walpole, Esquire, for the Watchmen of the Exchequer 1 -

William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenues - - . - - r

William Pitt, Esquire, £. 3.000 a Year - - - 2,250 — - —

More to him, as Earl of Chatham - - - - 750 — —

Her Majesty Queen Charlotte ——

Arthur Onslow, Esquire, £. 3,000 a Year -

Thomas Earl of Kinnoul, £. 1,000 a Year -

Nicolas Bonfoy, One of the Serjeants at Arms to His Majesty -

Henry Brougham, - - D® -

Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State

Augustus Duke of Grafton, D® -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary - -

Henry Darby Gardiner, Clerk of the Nichells in the Court of Exchequer -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, Surveyor General -

Solomon DayroHe, Esquire, Matter of the Revels to His Majesty -

William De Grey, Esquire, Solicitor General to His Majesty -

The Churchwardens of St. Magnus, London - -

Isaac Cowper, Vicar of the Tower of London -

William Aiflabie, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -

The Vicars of Litchfield ——

The Dean and Chapter of D® .

The Churchwardens of St. Botolph, Aldersgate -

Ann Blackey by, Housekeeper to the Palace at Westminster -

The Matter of the Grammar School, Southwell -

The Churchwardens of St. Michael, Cornhill - - - ‘ -

The* Dean and Chapter of Westminster, for the French Ministers of the Savoy

John Shelly, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer

The Master of Emanuel College in the University of Cambridge -

The University of Cambridge -

Christ Hospital, London ——

Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal -

Michael Crane, et al. Apothecaries to His Majesty - -

James Marriot, L.L. D. Advocate General to His Majesty -

The Corporation of Dartmouth....

William Dowdeswell, Esquire, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer

Charles Townshend, Esquire, D® - -

John Tracey Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer -

The Churchwardens of St. John Baptist, Walbrooke -

The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax - - - - r

Russell Plumptree, M.D. Reader in Physic in the Academy, Cambridge

Vol. 32. 7 I

579

60 —

60

60 __ '

4o _

3>oo0

5°i00o

3>Ooo

Looq

83

89

48

86

60

*0

8o0

Sz

7o

>3

66

15 to

7

9

to

*2

60

' 47 43

16 20

370

j74

53

?3

40

166

3i

163

7

75

14 — !8 6 H 2| 9i

»2

_4f

4 8

6 8

x3 4

4 2 6 8

Io----

6 ~8

*3 4

J3 10 6 8

*3 4

)o — .

To

580

11* Jamarti.

To Robert Jenner, L. D. Professor and Reader of Laws in the Academy of Oxford Samuel Lord Masham, King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer Lewis Lord Sondes, One of the Auditors of the Impress George Onslow, Esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Fcreft Robert Earl of Holderness, Constable of Dover Castle - -

John Forbes of Culloden, £. 600 a Year - -

c

A. 1770.

jC*

20 — — -

55 *7 4

66 13 4

15l *4 6

1,025 — —

362 1 4*

610,579 13 9i

Exchequer, the 12th Daydf January 1770.

E. Wilfo

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid, out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 23th Day of October 1760 to the 25th Day of February 17695 distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 25th Day of October 1766 to the 25th Day of 1767.

To Sir William , Knight

Privy Purse.

Secret and Special Service.

To Charles Lowndes, Esquire, -

John Roger Siebell and C" - - .

Charles Duke of Richmond -

Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire -

William Earl of Shelburne -

Henry Potts, Esquire -

Lieutenant-Colonel John Tullikens -

Charles Sloan Cadogan, Esquire -

Executors of Sir George Amyand, Baronet, and C*

Cuchet Jouvencel, Esquire -

Sir Andrew Mitchell, Knight of the Bath

John Dick, Esquire, Consul at Madrid

Andrew Drummond and C° -

Grey Cooper, Esquire -

£. s. d. 14,000 — — 326 12 6

547 *3 I0f 3,000 — — g,8o6 14 — £

6,566-----

533 *6 , 6 293 *5 ~ 1,030 9 — 609 4 — 306 10 6

*97 *7 5 3*3 9 h 8,*13 5 ~

Band of Pensioners.

To Salujhtry Cade, Esquire -

President of the Council. To Daniel Earl of Windhelfea -

Robert Earl of Northington -

3>*57 *4 7# 927 16 8|

Keepers of the Privy Seal. To Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle -William Earl of Chatham - -

1,494 4 8|

499 — 3i

Master of the Jewels. To Henry Earl of Darlington -

King's Goldsmith. To Thomas Hemming, Gentleman - -

s. d.

48,000 — —

38,855 7 4. 4>5°° — ~

4,185 11 3i

1,993 5 —

525-----

1

8,459 9

Pensions,

io Geo. III. 12* Januarii.

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever j viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys, idc.

To William Henry Earl of Rockford, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King -

D# to the Most Christian King -

Louis De Vifme, A. M. Secretary to the above Embassy - - .

dories Duke of Richmond, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Christian King -

Sir Joseph Yorke, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General ——

David Lord Viscount Stormont, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Vienna ——

Benjamin Langlois, Esquire, Secretary to the above Embassy

Edward Hay, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Most Faithful King -

Sir James Porter, Knight ——

Philip Stanhope, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Dresden -

George Pitt, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Sardinia ——

Walter Titley, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark -

William Hamilton, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of the Two Sicilies ——

George Macartney, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Empress of Russia William Gordon, Esquire, Minister and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Brussels Stonier Porten, Esquire, Secretary to the Embassy to the Most Christian King -Hans Stanley, Esquire, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress t>f Russia - - - - -' ' -

James Trail, Esquire, Consul at Tunis ——

Fulke Greville, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Elector of Bavaria -

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, late Minister at the Court of Brujfells -

Sir James Gray, Baronet - -

Sir Andrew Mitchell, Knight, Minister and Plenipotentiary at the Court of Henry Grenville, Esquire, late Ambassador at the Ottoman Porte -William Norton, Esquire, Minister at the Swiss Cantons -

John Murray, Esquire, Resident to the Republic of Venice -

More, as Ambassador to the Ottoman Porte -

Ralph Woodford, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns - -

Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Envoy to the Great Duke of Tuscany -

Thomas Wroughton, Esquire, Resident at the Court of the King of Poland

Sir John Gopdricke, Baronet, Resident and Envoy Extraordinary at the Court of Sweden

Robert Gunning, Esquire, Resident at the Court of Denmark -

Archibald Frazer, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli -

Joseph Popham, Esquire, Consul at Tetuan -

Stonier Porten, Esquire, Consul at Madrid -

James Holford, Esquire, Consul at Genoa -

Isaac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul at Naples -

Michael Hatton, Esquire, Consul at the Port of Ostend, &c.

Emanuel Mathias, Esquire, Agent to the Hans Towns -

Robert Kirke, Esquire, Consul General at Algiers -

Archibald Campbell Frafer, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Algiers

Josiah Hardy, Esquire, Consul at Cadiz - -

Frederick Lawrence, Esquire -

John Burnaby, Esquire ——

Charles Holzendorf, Esquire - -

David Hume, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Most Christian

King -.....- -

Hans Sloan, Esquire, Secretary to the Embassy to the Empress of Russia -

Sir James Gray, Baronet, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King -

William Henry Lyttleton, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Faithful King ——

David Lord Cardrofs, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King -James Wright, Esquire, Resident to the Republic or Venice -

Darnel Bomeester, Consul at Carthagena -

Lord George Lenox, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Most Christian

King - - -....

More, as Minister Plenipotentiary to D* - -

Joan White, Widow of Robert White, late Consul at Tripoli -

John Burnaby, who was employed by His Majesty as Minister Plenipotentiary in Swifferland ——

Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire -

Simon Peter Cruse, who acted as Consul at Algiers -

Robert Walpole, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic

King....

Edward Barker, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli -

Vol. 32.

581

£ d.

4*144 1 n|

400 — ______

1,346-----

587-----

5,100 — —

5*ioo — —

846-----

1,409-----

2,649 ~"

1,846 — —

a*1 J5-----

1,815----

1.365 "

roo — —

400 — — 250 — —

i.365 -

834-----

834-----

1,92a — —

336-----

1,18a — — 319-----

552 -

972-----

1,220 — —

1,222 - —

1,870 — —

2,184----

658 13 6 487 10 —

5*5 i5 5i 187 10 — 300-----

,50-----

556-----

45°-----

189 13 1

150-----

225-----

417-----

300-----

86-----

586-----

2,800 — —

1,244----

486-----

852-----

75-----

386-----

2,246 16 9 497 5 7

300-----

150-----

476 4 4s

5 6 Gifts,

5 8i

12* Januarii.

A. 1770.

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

j Haden Smithy towards George Spencer Jonathan Odell -Georgi Wizard Archibald Aven -Richard Moss Richard Clerk Samuel Magam -Moses Badger -Paulus Bryfelius -John Andrews -

William EHmiston

' Henry Trendall -\Thomas Lyttelton,

'John Cramp George Biffet

Edward Ellington ~

David Fullerton -Abraham Beech -Adam De Martel William Bland Thomas Martin -William Gordon -John Symes

Samuel Ireton, Esquire, Sheriff of Cumberland, for an Over Payment John Christian, Esquire, Sheriff of D* ~

Charles Pigot, Esquire, Sheriff of Salop Thomas Cookes, Esquire, Sheriff of John Somerfcales, Esquire, Sheriff of Lincoln George Richards Carter, Esquire, Sheriff of Bucks

s Passage to Jamaica

D® to New Jersey

D° -

D* Bahama Islands

D® to Virginia ~

D® Bahama Islands

D® to Connecticut

D° to Pensylvania ‘ -

D* to New Hamp

D® to Nova Scotia

D® to Pensylvania

D® to Maryland

D® -

D® - .

D® to North Carolina -

D* to Rhode Island

D° to Georgia

D® to Dominica -

D® to New Jersey

D® to Nova Scotia

D" to Virginia

D® * — —

D® to West Florida

D® to the Charibbee Islands

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D°

D®

D9

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D°

D®

D'

D®

D®

Brackley Kennett and Barlow Trecotkick, Esquires, Sheriffs of London and , D°

Joseph Keeling, Esquire, Sheriff of Essex -Edward Sc heveyell Poole, Esquire, Sheriff of Derby

Edward Meddlecott, Esquire, Sheriff of Wilts - - , -

Thomas Treffrey, Esquire, Sheriff of Cornwall -Edward Gregg, Esquire, Sheriff of Lancaster -

Thomas Robinson, Esquire, Sheriff of Dorset -

William Winfmors, Esquire, Sheriff of Monmouth -

George Brown, Esquire, Sheriff of Nottingham *

Thomas Rawlinson, Esquire, Sheriff of Oxford -

William Dallaway, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucejle -

Samuel Leeves, Esquire Sheriff of Sussex -Isaac Elton, Junior, and Michael Miller, Junior, Sheriffs.of the City of D®

Sackville Earl of Thanet, Sheriff of Westmorland - - - ~

Sir William East, Baronet, Sheriff of Berks "

- Harcourt Aubrey, Esquire, Sheriff of Hereford -

John Burges, Esquire, Sheriff of Sussex - -

George Gamier Esquire, Sheriff of Southampton James Tipfaft, Esquire, Sheriff of Rutland Philip Field, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford -

John Seare, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertford -

William Prior Johnson, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Essex, for Conviction of Felons Francis Gregg, Under Sheriff of the County of Middlesex - D"

Charles Chester, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford D®

James Park, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Sussex D*

Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertford - - - D°

James Baxter, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Carmarthen D*

Triflram Huddleftcn service, Esquire, Sheriff of Southampton - D*

Samuel Yeates, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Bucks D*

William Miles and Henry Crtiger, Esquires, Sheriffs of the City of Bristol D* -Adam Pierce, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Devon ~

William Dowding, Esquire, Sheriff of Worcester.

John Chandler, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Surrey George Tufon, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Worcester James Tipfiaft, Esquire, Sheriff of Rutland -John Norris, Esquire, Sheriff of Norfolk -Edward Gregg, Esquire, Sheriff of Lancaster -Samuel Collet, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Worcester -Philip Field, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford -Peter Brooke, Esquire, Sheriff of Chester Charles Le Gray, Under Sheriff of Southampton Sir William East, Baronet, Sheriff of Bucks

James Park, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Essex -

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

L s. d.

20

20 — — -

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 —

26 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — # —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 - — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — - —

20 — —

20 — —

to — —

20 — —

27 2 1

7 6 5

78 *9 2$

45 *9 9

101 *3 5

39 18 11

991 *5 —

3° 3 8

40 — 2

107 7 10

25 2 1

88 10 —

64 6 6*

3' 11 8

122 7 5

28 14 3 i

53 *9 8

3616 6

*3 *5 8

35 l7 10

22 16 3$

48 8 10

53 3

33 6 4

18 5 0

12 n O rt D

16 3 *4

33° — —

890 — —

160 — —

130 — —

40 — —

9° — —

90 — —

100 — —

80 — —

130 — —

40 — —

9° — —

220 —

10 — —

4° — —

40 — —

80 —

60 — —

40 — —

200 — —

8 0 — *

40 — —

To

'x.

12° Janu

io Geo. III.

583

D-

D*

D?

D*

D*

D®

D®

D*

D®

D*

Toiu kvard Meddlecott, Esquire, Sheriff of Wilts for an Over Payment *

Richard Edward, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford - D° -

Isaac Elton, Junior, and Michael Miller, Esquires, Sheriffs of the City of D# -

George Gamier, Esquire, Sheriff* of Southampton, D* .

3W# Griffith, Esquire, Sheriff* of Carnarvon William Dallaxvay, Esquire, Sheriff*of Gloucester -itdmund Probyn, Esquire -

Thomas Wright;Gentleman, Under Sheriff* of Norfolk -John Bax and Henry Wintle, Sheriffs of the City of Gloucester William Inge, Esquire, Sheriff of Stafford -Charles Pje, Esquire, Sheriff of iterEr -Edward Sfheverel Poole, Esquire, Sheriff of Derby Edward Mainwaring, Esquire, Sheriff of Stafford Edward Clerk, Under Sheriff of Oxford - - *

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to His Majesty, as a ! PrCfent to Count Rothmar - -

More, as a Present to the Arby Mifteri, Ambassador from the Emperor of Morocco More, as a Present to Count Guerchy, Ambassador from the Most Christian King George Walker, as His Majesty’s Bounty to the Sufferers by Fire in the Island of Barbadoes Francis Lord Hawley, as His Majesty’s free Gift and Royal Bounty -William Shirley, Esquire, Governor of the Bahama Islands, D®

Corporation of Lyme Regis D° - -

Benjamin Vaughan ---- D* -

Dr. Samuel Stennett ——

John Thornton, Esquire, Treasurer to the Wheelocks Indian Schools - -

Isaac Akerman, Esquire, Treasurer to the Small Pox Hospital - -

Sir John Fielding, Knight, Chairman of the Session of Peace for the City of Westminster, to defray the Expences of Dinners, 13c. - - - -‘ -John Lord Viscount Bateman, Master of the Buck Hounds -George Brown, Esquire, for Presents, and to pay Bills of Exchange -Josiah Cottin, in Behalf of the King of Denmark, for the Portion of the late Princess Carolina Matilda ——

The Officers and Clerks of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -Hans Stanley, Esquire, Governor or the Isle of , 13c. for Surpluffage Governors and Guardians of the Foundling Hospital -

William Bell, Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes for the County of Gloucester Edward More, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons The Clerks of the House of Commons -

The Clerks of the House of Peers -

William Davis, Gentleman, to pay Bills of Exchange, and reimburse Expences George Brown, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and for Presents -John Larpent, Esquire, for the Relief of certain Foreign Protestants

More to him, for the Rent of a House in Cleveland Row - -

Cuchet Jouvencel, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and reimburse Expences Arthur Vansittart, Esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park - -

The Executors of Samuel Wright, for the Rent of a House at Whitehall -George Earl of Albemarle, for Services performed, £3c. at Windsor Great Lodge Mark Baskett, so iprinting Acts of Parliament, i3c. -Sir Jeffrey Elwes, Baronet, Treasurer to the Governors of Queen Ann's Bounty, for the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy -

Governor and Company of Chelsea Water Works, for supplying the Treasury with Water Sir Stephen Theodore Janffen, Baronet, Chamberlain of the City of London, for the Poor of London - -

John Sweetland, Esquire, to pay a Bill drawn by Major General John Irwin, Governor and Commander in Chief at Gibraltar -Nicolas Bonfoy, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, for Printing, £sV. Richard jephfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers -Dr. Peter Swinton, for the Damage done to his House in the City of Chester, at the

Time of the late Rebellion - ' ——

Alexander Logie, Esquire, for his Attendance on the Morocco Ambassador ' -Thomas Sandby, Esquire, His Majesty’s Steward and Superintendant of the Works in Windsor Great Park - - - .

Peter Roberts, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London, in Satisfaction of a Bill of Imports upon Wines - - - - v - -

John Elly, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park - -

John Stewart, for Transportation of Felons -

The Sheriffs of England and Wales, for suing out their Patents -Samuel Wilson, Gentleman, to clear the Expences of the Lotteries 1766 and 1767 -

Managers and Directors of the Lottery for the Year 1766 -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, late Clerk of the House of Commons, for Printing the Journals, idc. - -Captain Thomas Harrison, in Reimbursements of several Sums of Money for His Majesty’s Service....

Vol. 32. 7 K

£ * 120 ~

20-----

IO --- —

l6o — —

20 —

9o----

130 — — -

130 — —

40 — — 250 — — too < — — *

40 -

170 — — 40-----

346-----

1,261 6 —

1,083 13 —

coo --- —

100 — — -900 — . —

IOO --

1,600 — — 8co — — 200 — — 500 — —

too — — 700 — — *,734 *9 —

40.000 — —

200 2 — 200 17 2

15.000 -

2,000 — -

COO — —

97°-----

4O0 — —

15,061 6 7

2,840 14 2

500 — — -

466 17 6

»>572 *7 5 323 9 " 308 — 6

2,340 18 —

5>5Sl 18 11

15,200----

52 14 —

1,000 — —

389

528

9*5

118

17 11$ 17 —

700 — —

2JO — —

3»255 S H

101 18 — -

6 5 -

2»525 -

4,000 — —

3,250 — —

7,900 — . —

251 2 2

1,500 -

To

sH

f -2* Jamarii.

a. 1770.

To John Bristow, Getitlematt, peeper of the Lions, in the Tower of - *

George Earl of Drford, for watering the Ring in Hyde Park -John JUlliiigton, Esquire,. Chief Bailiff of the Tower of London - - *

Thomas Dring, Gentleman, for the Under Clerks of the Privy Council - - *

John Herbert, Esquire, Receiver General, of the Land Tax, &c. for the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, and Montgomery *. -

Edmund Wilkins, for an Over Payment.on his Account* as Receiver of the Land Tax James Reynolds!, for his Service in the Lotteries 1710, 1713, 1714 and 1719

Chr\stopher Seaton, for engraving of Seals * - -

.. . Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer *

John Walker, Esquire, Usher of the Court of Exchequer - *

Annuities*'Allowances,

To the Commissioners. for executing the Office of Tjeafurpr of His Majesty's Exchequer William Dtrwdefwe/l, Esquire, late Chancellor and Under Treasurer of His Majesty’s

Exchequer - -

Charles TownJhendu Esquire, present D°

John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London - -

Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer More, as Keeper of the.Records in the Chapter House at Westminster -

Robert Jennings, Esquire, for Extra Services in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Bartholomew Lucas, Gentleman, for keeping the Registers of all Public Loans in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer - - - - .

Thomas Pratt, fcfquire, et al. Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury - -

Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, one of the Solicitors of the Treasury -

Thomas Nut hall, Esquire, another - -

Charles Palmer, et al. for Services performed in the Treasury Office -John Jackson, Porter attending, the Exchequer Gate - -

John Earl Tilney, Warden of the Forest of IValtham -

Henry Rooke, Gentleman,; Chief Clerk, in the Record Office in Chapel

Robert Herbert, Esquire, His Majesty’s Surveyor General....

Edward IVilles, Esquire, His Majesty’s Solicitor General - -

The Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office -John Earl of Bute, Ranger and Keeper of Richmond Park -

peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records belonging to the forfeited Estates in England Henry Majlerman, Esquire, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office - -

Richard Hammond, Esquire, Foreign. Appofer in the Court of Exchequer - -

_ Abraham Farley, Senior Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

John Ibbutt, Messenger attending the Printing Press _ -

Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe - -

Abraham Farley and John Borlace, Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer Sir Joseph Ayloffe, et al. - - .

Edward Hatton, Keeper of His Majesty’s Private Roads - -

Elizabeth Mojlyn, Keeper of His Majesty’s Wardrobe.qt Hampton Court

The Reverend, George Tilfon, Reader at Hampton Court -

Charles Torke, Esquire, late Attorney Geperal - - - - .

Robert Nunn, Fjorterof the outward Gate of astle -

Edward Duke jof Fork, Ranger of fVifidfor Forest -

More, for Jiolding Swanimote Courts -

The Under-keepers of Cranburne Chape - -

Sir Edward IVdipole, Rnjght of the Bpth, Clerk of the Pells -

Henry Earl of Lincolu, Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clefk of the Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas William De Grey, J Esquire, late Solicitor General *

More, as Attorney General -.. Officers and Clerks of His Majesty’s Exchequer -

Horatio JValpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -Her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales -

Edward Duke of York . - - - .

William Duke of Gloucester -

Henry Duke of Cumberland -

: Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire, onex»f the principal Secretaries of State - -

William Earl of Shelbfirue r another -

. C//^>7«:Duke of Richmond - late another -

Samuel Lord Sandys -

Thomas Duke of Leeds,.Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent John Lord Monson, Chief Justice in-Eyre on the South Side of Trent -

' William Henry Duke of Portland, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houthold . William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold -Sir John Cujl, l^arqruft, Speaker of thp House of CotuuiOQS -William Earl of Dartmouth, First Commissioner of Tfrade -IVilles Earl of bfilljborouglfi h*te D* - -

£ 4 A

91 5 —

200 —

391 3 4

300 —

3*9 14 6

6,742 4 7

100 — ——

202 — 6

9»*54 18 11 i

*»344 10

7,606 — —

"5 9 3*

1,200

687 10 — -

420 —

480 — — *

100 — — -

3® — —

3,000 — — -

200 — —

1,500 — —

74® — —

20 —

270 — — *

200 — —

100 — —

ll5 10 — 4

9 — —

69 — —

l — —

25 — —

40 —

40 — —

60 — —

187 IQ —

60 — —

80 — —

1,000 — —

60 16 8

36 11 —

80 — i —

110 is — k

102 3 2

1,074 *9 11

40 — —

40 — —

*95 8 4

200 — —

20 — —

73 7*

41 14 A *

35 — —

53 6 8

10,000 — —

7»5C® — —

9>7 5° — —

9,000 — —

1,850 — —

*>73° *5 11 i

337 14 11

1,125 — , —

2,675 — —

*,12 5 — —

2*250 — —

L54® — —

2,000 — —

337 12 6|

t>t>9 14 ni To

IO’GeO. IlL

.1.2 Januarii.

5*5

To the Commissioners. of Trade and- Plantations, , - . - - - >

John.Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to D®

George Earl of Orford, Keeper x>f Hyde Park . -

More, as Keeper of St. James's Park - - - . - - *

George Duke of St. Albans - -

Thomas Ramfdeh, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary - -

Sir Charles CotterelL Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies !-Thomas Dring undjohn Pickle,. Keepers of the Council Chaniber - -

John Tabor Kempe,- Esquire, Attorney General York - - - 1

George Earl of Pomfret, Keeper of the House Park at - -

Francis Earl of Huntingdon, Groom of the Stdle to His Majesty - -

William Earl of Coventry, one of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber

John Earl of B

Alexander Earl of Eglington William Earl of March Edward Earl of1 Oxford ’Thomas Lord Bruce -Francis Earl of Hertford -George Earl of Orford Lord Robert Bertie -Samuel Lord Mafliam . -George Earl of Pomfret George Duke of Lord Willoughby De Brooke Basil Earl of Denbigh

ahbther

another -

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another:

another

another

another

George Lord Viscount Pilliers, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold James Peachey, Esquire, one of the Grooms of His Majesty!s ’Bedchambbr

Sir William Breton,.Knight; . * > - - another

George Pitt, Esquire - - - another - -

William Nor they, Esquire - /- - - - - -another

Augustus Kepple, Esquire - ... - - another -

John Mofyn, Esquire . , - another - .

Edmund Nugent, Esquire - - - - another

James Wright, Esquire - - ? - - another

John Mordaunt, Esquire - - - . - - another.

Charles Mot ham, Esquire - - - another . - >

John Augustus Harvey, Esquire - - - - another - -

Henry Wallop, Esquire - - - - another - >

Charles Lfttd Cat heart, on £. 1,200 a Year - - - - . .

Executors of James Lord. Somerville, on $0© a Year - -

Alexander Earl of Galloway D®

Charles' Lord Aberdour - . D®

John Earl of Hyndfard D®

Jmes Earl of Fitilat - \ - . D®

Francis Lord Napier D®

James and Thomas on £. 600 a Year

1 .

Alexander Frafer, Esquire, on. 400 a Year - - .

George Lord Hay, on £. 400 a Year - . - -

Sir Robert Menzties,_ Baronet, D° . - - - - *

George Earl of Crawford,.on £-JS°a Year_ - - - - .

George Lord Raty, - D° - . - - >-

James Lord Forbes, on £. 200 a. Year. . - -

John Lord Gray - - D* - - *

Daniel Wier, Esquire - D* - , - - , - . , - -

Alexander Lord i Banff - D® - - »

Andrew Sf. Clair Junior, Esquire - -

Lady Catherine Wemyfs, on ioo a Year - . - .

Lady Mary Campbell, -D® -

James Earl of Lauderdale, on 800 a Year -

Ann Countess of Northejk, on 300 a Year. -: -

Executors of William Earl of Sutherland - - - - ,

John Tracey Atkyns, Esquire, 5th Baron of the Court of Exchequer - *

John Pollen, Esquire,.Chief Justice of Carmarthen, iAe. . - - .

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D® _ ——

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, - - »

William Whitaker, Esquire, Second Justice of D®. -

Daines Barrington, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, (Ac. - * *

James Hayes, Second Justice of D® . - - - -- *

William Chetwynd, Esqu»re*> Examiner of all Interludes, (Ac. - <* -

Edward Capell, Esquire, Deputy Examiner of D®

Joseph Spence, A, M. Profgffor of Modern HistoryJn the University of Oxford --Lawrence Brocket, B. D. Profefipr of Modern History in the University of Cam* bridge - - - . - .

John Hatfell, Esquire, Clprk Assistant to the House of Commons -Captain Errick Sutherland, on f. too a Year v Vot. J2. *

s.

T2

IO

d.

61

6

5>587 2>7i3 300

67

750 — — 250 -

75-----

54 x5 —

150-----

45°-----

1,56° -

750----

75° -

1.000 — —

750-----

750-----

.750-----

2 co — - — 750 — —

750-----

75°-----

1.000 -

75°----

7.50----

75°----

450-----

375 — —

375 -

375 -----"

375 -

375 — —

375 -

375 -

375 -

375 -

37 5 -

375 -

375 -

900 142 600 600 — — 600 — — 600 — — 600 — —

45° " —

300 — — 300 — —

30°-----

262 10 — 225 — — 150 — —

*5°-----

150 — —

*5°-----

t5o -

ioo -

75 -7 —

546 16 11$

75-----

125-----

125 — — 687 10 — 687 10 — 612 IO —

650-----

687 IO — 650 — —

300-----

150-----

too — —

400 — —

S3 7$ 2i

%S~T.

9 3i

586

12s Janua

To Philip Meadows, Esquire, one of the Commissioners of the Wine licence Office

James Ramsden, Esquire - - - - another -

William Adams, Esquire - another -

John Pearson, late Gather to D* - . - -

Charles Bembridge, late'Secretary and Comptroller to D* - - - -

More, as late Messenger ——

Gilbert Eajf, Comptroller General to D* ——

Ann Park, now Cafs, late Housekeeper to D# - - *

ffenry Folkes, Esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath -

Dr. Robert Smith, Master of Mechanics to His Majesty

The Mayor of MarclesJUld - - - - - 1

Corporation of Lyme Regis ——

William Davis, to pay the late Princess Caros Servants -

Neville Majkelyne , A. M. ——

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

Judges of England - - - - * -

John Morton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester ——

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D* ——

Executors of Sir Thomas Denison, Knight, late one of the Judges of the King’s Bench Executors of William Noel, Esquire, late Chief Justice of Chester - -

Richard Watson, A. M. Professor of Chymistry in the University of Cambridge- -The Comptroller and Secondaries of- the Pipe Office - -

Executors of Rogers Holland, late Chief Justice of Carnarvon, * - -

Sir Francis Molineux, Knight, Gentleman Ulher Black Rod -

Nor borne Lord Botetourt, Constable of the Forest of Dean - -

The Clerks of the Privy Council -

Edmund Bishop of Chester, for Four Preachers -

Executors of Sir John Willes, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Common Pleas John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter -

Executors of John Harvey, Esquire, late one of the Justices of the Great Sessions for the Counties of Wales ——

Executors of Sir Michael Fofier, Knight, late one of the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench - -

Executors of Heneage Legge, late one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, on £. 8oo a Year ——

Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of Antigua -

Henry Ellis, on £. 300 a Year ——

Israel Mauduit, Esquire, Agent for Cape Breton and Newfoundland -

Benjamin Carpenter, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of - -

James Poole, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the llland of St. Christopher Purbeck Langham, Esquire, Agent for the llland of &c. - -

Andrew Symmer, Esquire, Agent for Turk's llland - -

James Verchild, Esquire, President of the llland of

Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the llland of Vincent - " -

William Hill, Lieutenant Governor of the llland of Tobago -

Lauchlin Macleane, late Lieutenant Governor of the llland of St. Vincent Thomas Boone, Esquire, Governor of South Carolina

Charles Pinfold, Esquire, Governor of Barba

George Thomas, Governor of the Charibbee lllands -Robert Melville, Esquire, Governor of the Grenadoes, SsV.

James Johnsion, Esquire, Governor of the Isle of Nevis -James Bruere, Esquire, Governor of the Bermuda lllands Robert Cholmondeley, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Revenues in jfmerita William Shirley, Esquire, Governor of the Bahama lllands - -

William Tryon, Esquire, Captain General and Governor of North Carolina -Lord Charles Grevil/e Montagu, Captain General and Governor of South Carolina Samuel Rous, Esquire, Eldest Resident Member of the Council of Barbadoes

Messengers.

To Thomas Gibbons, Messenger of His Majesty’s Chamber -

Peter Dubourg, John Walker, Thomas Harrison, and William Messengers attending the Receipt of the Exchequer; for travelling Charges, Termly Bills, t£c.

John Walker, Thomas Harrison, William Ross, and Bene dill Messengers at the

Receipt of Exchequer; for D*

Peter Dubourg, one of the above Messengers John Walker - - D° -

William Ross - - D* -

Thomas Harrison - - D* - -

John Bright, one of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer; for travelling Charges

Devereux Davis Thomas Potter William Coltbrooke Henry Ballowe Richard Stevenson

another

another

another

another

another

A. 1770.

£ ' 625-----

50O --- —

5OO-----

IOO-----

I30 --- —

20 — --

375 — — 15 — —

5°o — —

150 -

50----

100 — —

311 5 — 187 io —

5° --1

6,896 17 4|

200 — —

187 10 —

125----

5°----

5r 7 4* 60----

37 10 — 150 — —

105----

400 — ——

200 — . —

I2j — —

57° S —

*S — 9l

125----

800----

200 — — 22$ — —

200----

‘ 200 — — 200 — — 250 — —

50--

327 1 — i

298 17 — 298 17 — 138 10 2$ 308 19 9$ 837 18 2|

449 — 7i 1,200 — —

300----

170 — —

312 10 — 200 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

912 1 9

60 16 8

128----

92 — — 279----

179----

382 5 —

293 *5 — 22 — —

86-----

128 — — 146 13 4

-233 6 ft

64-----

To

io Geo. III.

12° Januarii. '

To Thomas Peirce, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer . -Thomas Skeggs - - - - another + . , -

Fees, Perpetuities, He. ' ' *

To John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park - -

; William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Council Records'

William Sharpe, et al.Clerks of the Privy Council - -

William Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Hampton Court Park

Nicolas Bonfoy, Esquire, et al. Serjeants at Arms - - - - ’ -

Edward Hatton, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Private Roads - - .

George Duke of St. Albans, Mailer of the Hawks to His Majesty -. - -

Corporation of Berwick -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Thomas Holies Duke of 'Newcastle, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

John Briftozv, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions, iSc. in the Tower of London- -

Charles Duke of Richmond, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State -George Onjloiv, Esquire, Out Ranger of W Forest -James Mariot, L.L.Dl Advocate General -

John Parrott, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office Judges of England ——

John Morion, Esquire, Chief justice of Chester - -

Taylor lEhite, Esquire, Second Justice of D* -

Sir Martin Wright, Knight - - - -’ -

Masters'in Chancery - -

Charles Yorke, Esquire, late Attorney Generar - -

John Lord Monson, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of -

William Chetzvynd, Esquire, late Master of His Majesty’s Tennis Court -

Thomas Wynne, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Court of Exchequer

Henry Shelley and Michael Warden, Esquires, who aft as One of the Auditors of the Court of Exchequer - -

Dr. Gregory Sharpe, Master of the Temple - -

Robert Eart of HolderueJJe, Constable of Dover Castle - - . - - -t

Officers and Clerks of the Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bills - . ——

More, on their Fees ——

Her Majesty Queen Charlotte - -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Usher of the Rcceipt’of Exchequer, for the Watchmen

Charles Lord Camden, Chancellor of Great Britain -

Arthur Onslow, Esquire ——

George Earl of Kinnoul ——

William Lozvndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenue -

George Earl of Orford, Ranger of St. James's Park - -

William Lord Chatham ——

Stephen Marlin Leake, Esquire, King’s Heralds, isic. - -

George Earl of Pomfret, Ranger of the House Park at Windfor -John Kelly, M.l). rrofessor of Phvfic in Oxford - -

Jofep/iSmith, Esquire, et at. Serjeants at Arms -

Thomas Dring, et ai. Keepers of the Council Chamber - - - r

Robert Herbert, Esquire, His Majesty’s Surveyor General -

Sir Charles Cotter ell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies -Stephen Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant 13* - -

John Trfejdale, Gentleman, Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty -

' Claudius Amy and, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

Sir Edmund Thomasj Baronet, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods

John Snffield Brozvn, Esquire, Blanc Courfier Herald -

Henry Hill, Esquire, Brunswick Herald ——

Henry Banks, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

Martha Bonfoy, Widow', Housekeeper at Newmarket -

Heirs of Colonel Fairfax ——

William De Grey, Esquire, Attorney General - -

More, as Solicitor General -

HarryBurrard, Esquire, Ranger of New Forest -

Rachael Lloyd, I loulekeeper at Kenflngton -

William Earl of Derby, et al. Ministers of the Isle of Man -

Richard Beresford, Esquire, Master of His Majesty’s Tennis Court -

Richard Stonehezver, Knight Harbinger ——

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent

George Duke of Montagu, Governor of Windsor Castle -

Fellows of Eton College ——

Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, late Clerk of the House of Commons - - - r

Thomas Tyrzvhiit, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons -

Officers of the Ordnance - - - - y

Christopher Seaton, His Majesty’s Engraver ——

Henry Darby Gardiner, Clerk of the Nichells -

Yol. 32-. 7 L

156

\ 500 . 1,000

74

200

... 36

G029

100

100

207

136

18

73°

'20

912 625

5*7

s. d

1' -r —

10

3 ♦

*5 —

l° 1

17 ,6

4 11

5

as, coo-----?

to

1,250

'>31S

77

125

9

400

300

37

4,100 —

5,900 — 786 — 50,000 — 366 —

5.000 —

3.000 —

1.000 —

19 9!

9 *

6 S

6 3

13 84

8 3i

5 4

588

12° Januarii.

1770.

To Henry Seymour Con-way, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State Andrew Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -

James Hewitt, Esquire, One of - the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench

ChriJTs Hospital ——

Richard Price and Henry Lyte, Esquites, who acted as late One of the Auditors of the Court of Exchequer -

William Earl of Shelburne, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State Sir John Eardley IVilmot, Knight, late One of the Judges of the King’s Bench I)*, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas -

Charles Lord Camden, late Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas

Dr. Robert Jenner, Professor of Laws in Oxford -

John Tracey Atkyns,5th Baron of the Exchequer -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Churchwardens of St. Botolph ——

Vicar of Litchfield ——

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield -

Ann Blacherby, Housekeeper of the House of Peers -

John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

Churchwardens of St. Magnus -

D* of St. Michael, Cornhill -

Schoolmaster of 'Southwell ——

The Dean and Chapter of Westminster -

Churchwardens of St. John Baptist -

Charles Tozvnshend, Esquire, Chancellor of the Exchequer - -

Matter and Fellows of Emanuel College -

University of Cambridge, for a Preacher, 7. - - - 1 - -

University of Cambridge -

Executors of John Neweome, late Header of Divinity in Cambridge -Dr. Zachary Brooke, present D* -

Corporation of Dartmouth -

University of Oxford, for Lady Margaret's Professor -

John Forbes, of Culloden ——

Sir Mathew Lamb, Baronet, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law Charles Ambler, Esquire - another -

Eliah Harvey, Esquire - - - another - -

Edward Thurlow, Esquire - - - - another -

Richard Clayton, Esquire - another -

Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy, Baronet - - another

Heirs of Tates -

Officers of the Works ——

Dr. Russell Plump tree, Reader of Physic in the University of Cambridge -Samuel Horsey, Gloiuefier King at Arms -

Samuel Lord Ma/ham, King’s Remembrancer - -

Edward Duke of York ——

William Henry Duke of Gloucester -

Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland -

William Earl of Chatham, Keeper of the Privy Seal - -

Richard Heron, Esquire, Treasurer’s Remembrancer -Michael Crane, *et al. Apothecaries to His Majesty

William Ridlington, Reader of Civil Laws in the University of Cambridge Lewis Lord Sondes, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -

Edward Willes, Esquire, Solicitor General -

60^,315 4 — *

Exchequer, the 12th Day of January 1770.

£ Wilford

10 Geo. IIL

i a' Januarii.

S®9

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens* and Burgesses, in Parliament assembiaA

AkA C COUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions* Bounties, Contingencies, of any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 15th Day of October 1760, to the 25th Day of February 1769; distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 25th Day of October 1767, to the 25th Day of October 1768.

To Sir William Knight

Privy Purse.

Sccrttt and Special Service. To Grey Cooper, Esquire -

Henry Potts, Esquire -

Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire ... William Earl of Shelburne . - -

Messrs. Drummond and C*

Messrs. Amy and and C*

Edward La Grand, Esquire *

The Earl of Moreton - -

Anthony Todd, Esquire -

Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth -

Willes Earl of Hi/ljborough -

Captain Philip Cojby -

Maurice Morgan, Esquire -

£. s. A 28,000 — — 1,641 10 —

1,500-----

3,000 — — 2,255 7 8 522 18 — -316 16 6

4,207 tj 6 4,963 18 —

i>376 7 Si 2,118 2 7$

500 1 — — 400 — —

To Philip Cade, Esquire To Robert Earl of To Thomas Hemming To William Earl of Chatham To Henry Earl of Darlington

Band of Peniiooera. President of the Council. King's Goldsmith.

» t-

Keeper of the Privy Seal. M after of the Jewels.

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever; viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys, 14c.

To Henry Earl of Rockford, Ambassador to the Most Christian King -Stonier Porteen, Esquire, Secretary to the said Embassy -Hans Stanley, Esquire, Ambassador to the Empress of Rtf/pa -

Hans Sloan, Esquire, Secretary to the said Embassy *

Sir Joseph Torke, Knight of the Bath, Ambassador to the States General of the United Provinces -

David Viscount Stormont, Ambassador to the Court of Vienna -

Benjamin Langlois, Esquire, Secretary to the said Embassy - - - - *

Sir James Gray, Baronet, Ambassador to the Catholic King - - *

More, on his Allowance of £. 3 a Day -

Lewis De Vifme, A. M. late Secretary to the said Embassy - - - *

More, as Secretary to the Embassy to the Empress of Russia - - *

Robert Walpole, Esquire, present Secretary to the Embassy to the Catholic King Edward Hay, Esquire, late Envoy to the Most Faithful King - - *

More, on his Allowance of £. 3 a Day ~ *«'*' *»

Vol. 32.

I*

48,000 — —

50,802 19 9

6,009 _ _ 5»°®o — — 7»338 3 9

2,634----

7«6 — —

7,795 -

1,330 — —

*>728 11 a84 _ 2

6,8^0 — -

6,8o0 ----,

1^30-----

5,500 — 1,095 — —

30 — 480 — — 31O 13 4 *,829 13 2

54 — —

Td

59#

i:z\JanHara:

To William Henry Lyttelton, Esquire, Envoy to the Most Faithful King Philip Stanhope, Esquire, Envoy to the Court of -

George Pitt, Esquire, Envoy to the King of Sardinia -John Murray, aft Porters:; is* i A »r.:<

William Hamilton, Esquire, Envoy to the King of the Two Sicilies Walter Titles, JElqu»re% Envoy, to the King of Denmark.

tfr Ihfo d/VRuffin^ J J <.VI 1 -

Mwe?v H wti ;n.r-William Gordon, Esquire, Minister and Plenipotentiarydo, th'e Court of

- - m -y t -

Mlk &hvMe^xMi°m°YmM

Sir AndrewMittbtX,

Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Envoy to the Great Duke of Tuscany Sir John Goodrick, Baronet, Resident and Envoy at the Court of Sweden

William Norton, Esquire, Minister at the Szvifs Cantons -Ralph Woodford, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns Thomas Wroughton, Esquire,

Robert Gunning, Esquire, Resident at the Court of Denmark James Wright, Esquire, Resident at the Republic of Venice Sir James Porter, Knight, on £. i ,000 a Year

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, late Minister at Brussels -

Archibald Frazer, lasse Constil'^ffriferal Tripoli ’ -; . V, <-'' -More, as Consul at Algiers -

Joseph PopAam, Esquire, Consul at Tetuan -

James Ho/ford, Esquire, Conlul at Genoa - - - - -{? -

Jfttae Jamineditr Esquire, Consul at Naples — -

Emanuel Matthias, tlquire. Agent to the Hans Towns -

Josiah Hardy, Esquire, Consul at Cadiz - - - . a - -

James Trail, Esquire, Consul «t Tunis ——

Daniel Bomester, Esquire* Confuk-ftt Carthagena- - . -Frederick Lawrence,. Esquire*500 a Year - -

John Burnaby, Esquire, oft 30^ aDay -

Charles Holzendorf, Esqtfire* onCj£.4CO aYear - -

Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquirei ©a 300 a Year

Michael Hatton, Esquire, Cdnfut at the Ports of Ostend, Nieuport, and Bruges James Brujby, Esquire, His- Majesty’s Consul at Madrid -Lord George Henry Lenox> late Minister Plenipotentiary to the Most Christian K Charles Lord Cat heart,'Ambassador to the Empress of RtiJJia

James Sampson, who was appointed to manage the Business of Consulate at during the Absence of Robert Kirk, Esquire - -

Robert Kirk, Esquirfe, Con fid at Algiers - -

Sir John Dick, Baronet?- Conftd a*Leghorn -

Edward Barker, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Tripoli James Harris, Esquire, Secretary to the Embassy to the Catholic King

ing.

— to

Algiers,

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

Samuel Ward - - D* to South Carolina - 20 —

William Ayres - m . D* to New Jersey - - - 20

William Frnfit - D* to D* - - 20 — —

Thomas Lundie - - - D* to Virginia - - 20

Epenetus Townshend - - - D* to Neiv York - - - 20

Wellard Whetler - - - D* to Massachuset's Bay - - 20

James Somerville fc» - - D* to Antigua - - 20

David Francis De Montmellin - mm D* to Canada - - 20

Legar John Baptist Noel Vtyffter - - - D* to D* - - - 20 —

Nathanael Cotton - - - D* to West Florida - 20

Hobart Briggs - - r D* to North Carolina - - 20 — —

Robert Bowcher NicJiolls - - D* to Barbadoes - 20 *

John Eaglefon - - D° to Nova Scotia - to - 20

John Pattefon * - - - D* to Maryland - - 20 — —

John Porter - - - - D* to D* T - - 20 —

Samuel King - - - - D* to Virginia to 20 —

Walter MagaWan - - - - D* to DV - - - 20 — .

John Tyler - - D* to New England - - 20

Robert Taneey * - - - D* to North America - - 20 — -

James Macartney * - - D* to D* - - - 20 —

John Lewis - *> - - - D* to South Carolina . - 20 — —

Arthur-Hamilton < - - ~ - D* to Virginia - ! 20 —

Mather Bylts 1 to - D* to North America - - 20

Henry Eajkine KirkpatrifM - - D* to D* to 20

Francis Joknsion - D* to D*

James-Stevenfen - - - - ~ - D* to Virginia - T. - 20

William Clerk - - - V to Jamaica m 20

'Robert Haway the Younger, and John Addy,' Sheriffs of Norwich, for an Over Payment 1117

Ac 1770*

f. s. d.

2,484----

2,225----

3.540----

*.095 -

2,574----

2,121 -- T —

‘ 1.205 — —

2,800--- —

1,825----

2.35°-----

3,520 -

2,505----

2,53 1-----

*,575 -

i,395 -

1.495 -

1,770----

1.495 -

1.000 — —

1,095 -

399 *7 9f

3co-----

650-----

250-----»

400 — — 720 — — 200 . — —

5 00-----

too — —

300 — —

547 10 — 400 — — 200 — — £00 — —

1.000 -

500 — —

2,800. — — -

1,12a 3 tif

1,487'1°

218 19 9

95----

48+----

15

io Geo. III.

I a° yanua

Tto Edward Probyn, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucester, for an OverPayment - -

Sir Robert Darling and Sir James Efdale, Knights, late Sheriffs of the City of London

and County of Eliddksex - -

Thomas Otley, Inquire, Sheriff of Shropshire, for an Over Payment - -

Sir lErie t Pe rottPackington, Sheriff of Worcesterfhir - D® -

S;r John Neither pe, Baronet, Sheriff of Lincoln - D® - -

Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertfordshire . - D® -

John Care-tv, Esquire, Sheriff of Cornwall - D° -

Alexander Butler, Esquire, Sheriff of Lancashire - - D" -

Jofep/i Cm duck, Esquire, late Sheriff of Leicestershire - D°

Edward Goddard, Esquire, Sheriff of IViltshire - - D®

Sir Gervas Clifton, Baronet, Sheriff of Nottinghamshi- D° William Ledzvell, Esquire, Sheriff of Oxjordshire - - D®

William Provis, Esquire, Sheriff of Somersetshire - - D*

Thomas John Medlycott, Esquire, Sheriff of Monmouthshire - D* -

John Peploe Birch, Esquire, Sheriff of Herefordshire - - . D®

William Churchill, Esquire, Sheriff of Cumberland - - D® -

Charles Chester, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedfordshire - . - D°

James Wood, Esquire, Sheriff of Sissex - 13°

John RedlingtOn, Esquire, Sheriff of Rutland D® . - -

Crisp Molyneux, Sheriff of Norfolk - - - - D*

Doctor Samuel Stennett, as His Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty John Larpent, Esquire, for the Relief of certain Foreign Protestants William Ely, as a Prelent from His Majesty to the Courier, who brought

Furs from the Empress of Russia to the Queen -

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormery Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies, for Hamed , Am-baffador from Tripoli -

More to him, as a Prelent to Monsieur Durand, Minister from the Mott Christian King -' - _ - -

More, for Sidi Mahomet, Minister from the Emperor of Morocco -

More, for Mr, Rcuffe’, Minister from the Bishop of - . - -

More, for Mr. De Nigno/a, Prclident from Venice _ - _ -

More, for Count Peggi, Minister Plenipotentiary from the Duke of Modena *

Sir Stephen Theodore Jansen, Baronet, Chamberlain of the City of London, for the Poor,

of the said City and Liberties - -

Francis Gregg, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County of , for Conviction of

Felons ——

Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertfordshire William Chapman, Esquire, Sheriff of Suffolk Thomas Gregory, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Kent John Chandler, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Surrey Councell Williams, Esquire, Sheriff of Pembrokeshire Alexander Butler, Esquire, Sheriff of Lancaster Rees Prytherch, Esquire, Sheriff of Carmarthen

12 12 iF

5 16

9 2- 2

128 3 9

44 14

28 6 XX

34 a 4

29 8 9

26 17 3

the Present of

223

6 —

3 —

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

William Stanbridge and William Brown, Esquires, Sheriffs of the City of , D*

John Twigg, Esquire, Sheriff of Derby - - - - ~

William Corp, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Somersetshire

Thomas Arthington, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of York

Lyonel Lyde, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertford -Samuel Yales, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Buckinghamshire Chaloner Ogle, Esquire, Sheriff of Southampton - -

William Ibbut, Esquire, Sheriff of Devon - - - .

Richard Lomax Clay, Esquire, Sheriff of Essex *

John Guise, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucester - -

James Gallop, Esquire, Sheriff of Dorset - . - .

William Tyrrell, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Berkshire John Cater, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedfordshire -John Payne, Esquire, Sheriff of Sussex Francis Eld, Esquire, Sheriff of Staffordshire Samuel Crompton, Esquire, Sheriff of Derby -

Edward Lloyd, Esquire, Sheriff of Denbigh Edward Botterell, Esquire, Sheriff of Salop -

Francis Polkinhorne, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of Cornwall John Chandler, Esquire, Sheriff of Surrey

John Chandlery Gentleman, Under Sheriff of , for apprehending and convicting John Baptijla Malony, a Popish Priest - - - . -

John Doncaster and William Smithy Esquires, 'Sheriffs of the Town of Nottingham, for Conviction of Felons - - - - . - - .

James Hamlyn, Esquire, Sheriff of Devon - - -. D* -

Egerton Bagot, Esquire, Sheriff of Warwick - - . D* A.

Francis Lord Hawley, as of His Majesty’s Free Gift, and Royal Bounty -The Corporation of Lyme Regis - - D\ - -

Benjamin Vaughan, the Younger, Merchant I)* '

Vol. 32. ~ . 7 M

D#

D®

D®

D®

D®»

D®

D°

D°

D® ,

D®

D®

D®

D"

D®

ID®

D*

D®

D*

D®

545 *9 —

583 14 —

223 6 —

384 12 —

330 17 —

1,000 — — *

840 — —

40-----

40 — — a5o — — 160 — — *

40-----

3°-----

40-----

10 — —

4° *----

140 — — 240 — — 280 — —

5°-----

2.90 — —

no — —

210 — -140 —

80 — 20 — 80 — 80 — no — 60 — 40 — 80 —

40 —

; 45© —

too 80 -

120 60 too 100 800

59*

i i* Januarii.

A.

To the Managers of the Lottery - -....

fVtllidm Davis, Gentleman, to pay Bills of Exdiange -

&fore, to reimburse kxpence^ - - - .

The Governors of the Foundling Hospital -

Samuil fViljon, Gentlenfan, fof incident Charges fof the Lottery " -

Couchel Jouventel, Esquire, to reimburse Expences ~

More, to pay Bills of Exchange - ....

'fhbmai Tyrwhitt, Elquite, late Clerk of the House of Commons, for Printing, 6fr. Nicholas Bonfoy, EsquirC, Serjeant at Arms, attending the House of Commons, for a Bill of Difbtirfements ' - -

Anthony Bacon, Esquire; for Negroes employed in the public Service in the Ceded Islands ——

Edward Moore, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to

the Journals of the House of Commons....

James Davis, Esquire, Administrator to Prancis Davis, Esquire, Receiver General of

the Taxes - - - - -....

William Ewer, Esquire,’ Treasurer to the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the 'Levant Sqas - -

Robert Nunn, Gentleman, for catching and parting Deer from Windsor Great Park Leonm-d Bi/fon Gwynn, Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes -The Representatives of John Chacons, ai Clerk to the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to enquire into the Original Standard of Weights and Mca-sures in this Kingdom -

Daniel Race, Esquire, for the Use. of the Trustees of the British Mnfeum Melfieurs Amyand a {id Ruker, and Suc/iell, to pay a Bill of Exchange -The Executors of the late Samuel fright; for Rent of a Messuage at Whitehall Lady Margaret Beaucterk, Executrix of Lord George Beauclerh, late Ranger of Bagshot ' RaSls in Windsor?FoTeft, for Turnips for the Deer -

jEdward Rhjfell, Efouife, for the Losses which he fullered by exerting himself to sup-pfefs the late seditious arid dangerous" Riot In this Capital, and the Neighbourhood ‘ thereof - -

Richard Cabell, Esquire; the like y

James Reynolds, for tpinlafting several Matters relating to the Lotteries -Richard Jephfon, Efcjuife, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers, for attending the Speaker of the i&id Hbiile -George limes'. Gentleman, who a<sted as Receiver General of the Taxes in Scotland, after the Decease of Allan Whitefoot -

Jolin’ljbrd Viscount Bateman, tb reimbhrfe his extraordinary Charge, as Matter of the BDck Hounds ' - t -

Tffomas Sahdby, Esquire, His Majesty's Steward arid Superintendant of the Works in Windsor Great Park - -

George Browne, Esqriire, to pay a Bill of Exchange Arthur Vdhfittart, Esquire, tq pay the jRent of Mofe Park -CTirifldp/ier Seaton, Gentleman, Chief EhgVaver of Seals to His Majesty, fora Bill PeterRobirts, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Im polls James Benamer, for Freight, 2nd the Passage of Named Aga, from Tripoli to Gib-salt dr' - - " -

The ‘Sheriffs of England and Wales, fof the Expences in passing their Patents Marie Basket, for Printing Acts of Parliament, t&c.

The Governor and Costipany of Ckelfea Water Works -

Peter 'Howl, Esquir^, Receiver General jof the'Taxes -

Sir Jeffrey'Elwcs, Knight, Treasurer tp, the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Atone for the Maintenance of the Poor Clerj*V - -

j6hn~Drummond, Esquire, towards a Scheme Tor iriaintaihing the Infants arid Orphans of SoIdiers ——

John B/^'Keeper of the West Gate jn Hyde Park " - - - .

John Brffiow, Genuerrian, for *keeping and feeding an additional* Number of Wild Feasts in the Tower of London r. - ’ -

The Officers and Clerks in the Tally Qbtirt, for levying Tallies -

Samuel Smith and Richard Steven/on^EJfeputy Chamberlains for joining Tallies Henry Duke of Beltou, Governor of the Tffe of Wight, for d SurplufTage on his Account, to Cfeiober 176j - " - „,r*' " - -

JoTmSiewart, Esquire, for Transpor^atibh of Felons-

Thomas Mainwaring, Esquire, Keceiv^r Geiierkl of Tdx£s - -

John~LarperUy Esquire, Tor RenJfofa Honfe\n Cl&eland~Rozy - -

Sir John Fielding, Kpight, Chairman of the Session of the Peate fdr the City and Liberty of Westminster, tb defray Expencesfof Dinners - - - " - -

UavTiTHamilton, Esquire, Receiver G^heral of the Taxes

THofnJs Diing, for the Under Clerks of the Cou^npr *r. " *f

Horatio tVaipo/e, Esquire, Ulher of the Receipt bf Exchequer: - -

John Wdlfter, Esquire, Ulher of the Court of Exchequer - - .

v ‘ Annuities, Allowances, &V.

To the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer

T77°>

s. d.

7,900----

909 7 j

II,20S It (3

45,;oo----

3,850-----

2>$57 2 6

1,188 17 6 28l 12

457 *6 9

3,862 14

500-----

269 2 9

5,000-----

57 24 2

492 6 —

70----

3,286 17 5 1,350 S 3Z39 —

1,136 10 I IOO 16 —

iS6kjo 6 4,000 — —

5,639 7 lli 52 14 —

33° — 9

120 — —

8S0 3 4

300 —

4>3Sl 2 4i

#62 '7 1

7*995 8 -i

Tq

io Geo. Ill

12 Janudriu

To Charles Townshend, E(quite, late Chancellor and Under Tre^surer of the Exchequer Itlore, as late Commissioner of the Treasurer - - - *

Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of His MajestyV Exchequer - - »

William I,ord Mansfield, late Chancellor of the Exchequer -

John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in Cafars Chapel, for Clerks More, as Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London *

Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer Richard A lor ley, Esquire, more as Keeper of the Record's in the Chapter House at If' ejlmnfler -

Robert Jennings, Esquire, for his extraordinary Services in the Office of the Auditors of the Receipt of Exchequer Bartholomew Lucas, Gentleman, for keeping the Records of Public Loans in the said Office -

Thomas Pratt, Esquire, et. al. Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury -

Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of the Treasury *

Thomas Nuthall, Esquire, the other -

Charles Primer and others, for Services performed in the Treasury -

John Jackson, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate, for better securing His Majesty’s Treasure ——

John Earl Tilney, Warden of the Forest of Waltham -

Henry Rooke, Esquire, Chief Clerk in the Record Office in Cafar's Chapel John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park -

Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records of the Forfeited Estates in England Abraham Farley, Esquire, Senior, Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer ——

Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

Sir Joseph Ayloffe, Baronet, and others - - ----*

William Duke of Gloucester, Keeper and Lieutenant of Windsor Forest More, for holding Swanimote Courts - -

The Under Keepers of Cranbourn Chace - -

George Earl of Orford, for watering the Ring in Hyde Park -

The Executors of John Ibbut, late Messenger for looking after the Printing Press -Henry Mafierman late King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -Francis Barlow, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office

The Officers of the Pipe -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, Surveyor General of all His Majesty’s Lands

Henry Earl of Lincoln, Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer - -

Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pells -William De Grey, Esquire, His Majesty’s Attorney General -Robert Nunn, Porter of the Outward Gate of Windsor Cattle, -

Edward Willes, Esquire, late His Majesty’s Solicitor General -

Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe Her Royal Highnejfs the Princess Dowager of Wales - -

The Executors of Edward Duke of YorJe -

William Duke of Gloucester ——

Henry Duke of Cumberland ——

Henry Seymour Conzvay, Esquire, One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State ' -Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State ——

William Earl of Shelburn, another

Samuel Lord Sandy's, on ^,1,500 aYear ——

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the Norh Side-of Trent -

John lord Motif on, late Chief Justice inEyreonthe South Side'of Trent -

Charles Earl Cornwhllis, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent -

William Henry Duke of Portland, late Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold -

Francis Earl of Halford, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold -

William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s -Hou fhold - -

Sir John Cust, Baronet, Speaker of the House of Commons -

Robert Lord Viscount Clare, First Commissioner of Trade and Plantations

The Commissioner^ for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom - -

John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the-above Commissioner* -

More, for incident Charges ——

George Earl of Orford, Keeper of Hyde Park -

More, as Keeper of St. James's Park - -- ---- - - *

George Duke of St. Albans, -on £.-1,000 a Year - - - *

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary - - - . ' -

Sir Charles Cot ter ell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to His Majesty Richard Watson, A. M. Professor of Chymistry in the University fif Cambridge -Abraham Farley and John Bor lace. Deputy Chamberlains of -His Majesty’s Exchequer - -

The Secondaries in the TreasurerVRemembrancerT-Office *-

The Clerks in the said Office - ~ '

Vol. 32. - -:

480 —

100 — — *

SO —

3,000 —

200 —

1,000 —

740

20

202 IO

200 —

Sl

200 mmm

46 —

112 10

1,000 — —

537 9 ll* 80 — —

20-----

zoo —

II 14 5

46 14

3

9i

2*

9*

4

7 H

69

200 —

200 —

195 8

i*5

*5

55

20 — *

60 — A

10,000 — —

2«,2;83 18 — r

9.000 — —

9.000 — — 462 *0 — *

L311 5 S

1,85° — *

1,125 — — 2.675 —

301 *45* 5 5 1-4

6

6

*4

*4

s\

si

1,198 448

*»55*

*»i55 2*59°

1,051 '8,052

1,25b — — fc.432 11 -v -40b — — 90 — ~

I,600 — — ?

-1^0 — — * 160 — — too ++* —

-9 -*

*22 10 --

to

59+

12* JauuafiL

To fi Award Biphings, Junior, Messenger, appointed to look after the Printing Press Edward Hatton, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Private Roads John Strutt, and others. Clerks of the House of Peers - -

The Clerks and others, of the House of Commons - - - / 7,

The Clerks and Ministers of the Exchequer - - - - .

Dr. Richard Dickson Lyllington, Reader and Preacher at Hampton Court

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign- Eflreats in the Court of Exchequer - i j

Willes Earl of Hillijborough, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State - - j j,joi

The Executors of Hensuge Legge, Esquire, One of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer / 12j

The Executors of Sir Thomas Denifoit, Knight, late One of the Judges in the Court of

'King’s Bench - - - / t2S

The Excutors of Sir John Willes, Knight, late Chief Justice in the Court of Common Pleas / 125 -

The Executors of Rogers Holland, late Chief Justice of Carnarvon, &c. - - - / 37 ic

The Executors of William Noel, Esquire, late Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas / ng___

More, as late Chief Justice of Chester- - - - - / jo — .

Thomas Dring and John Pickle, Keepers of the Council Chambep - - - - / yj---

John Tabor Kemp, Esquire, Attorney General at New York - - - / y3---

George Earl of Pomfret, Keeper of the House Park at Windsor - > - -I 600 —

The Clerks of the Privy Council - - j goo-

Edmund Bishop of Chester, for Four Preachers - - - -/ 200 — —

Francis Earl of Huntingdon, Groom of the Stole to his Majesty - - - - / 2,000 — —

William Earl of Coventry, One of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber - / 1,000-

John Earl of Buckinghamshire - - - another - - - / yyo — - —

Alexander Earl of Eglington - - - - another - - - / yyo — - —

William Earl of March ' - - - - another - - ~ I 1,000-----

Thomas Lord Bruce ----- another - - - - / 1,000 — —

Edward Earl of Oxford - - - - another - - - - / t,oooo — —

George Earl of Orford - - - another - - - / 1,000 — —

Robert Lord Bertie ---- another - - - - 1,000-

Samuel Lord MaJJiam - - - - another - - - / 1,000 — —

George Earl of Pomfret ----- another - - j 1,000 — —

The Mayor and Corporation of Lyme Regis - -- - - - / /oo — -

Dr. Robert Smith, late Master of Mechanics to His Majesty - - - - -I io

The Executor of Dr. Robert Smith, late Matter of Mechanics to - - / 37 10 — *

George Duke of Manchester, One of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber - . 1,000 — — -

Lord Willoughby De Broke — - - - another - - - I 1,000 — —

Basil Earl of Denbigh - - - - another - - - _ / 1,000 — —

yofeph Spence, A.M. Profefi'or of Modern History in the UniverGtyof Oxford - 400 — —

George On/lozv, Esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest - . - - - _ / ^QO-

George Lord V\liters, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s - - - 600--

John Peachey, Esquire, One of the Gentleman, of His Majesty's Bedchamber - -I yoo — —

' Sir William Breton, Knight - - - - another - - - - / yoo — —

George Pitt, Esquire - - - - another - - - / 500-

William Nor they, Esquire -- - - - another - - - j joo — —

Augustus Keppell, Esquire - - - - another - - - f 76

Jo hn Mojlyti, Esquire - - - - another - - - J <foo — —

ILdmund Nugent, Esquire - - - another - - - / ^oa __ —

Sir James Wright* - - - another - - - / jgo--

John Mordaunt, Esquire - another - - - / ^co — —

Charles Hot ham, Esquire - another - - - / 500 —

John Augustus Hervey* Esquire - another - - - / ^00 — -

Henry Wallop, Esquire - ‘ - - - another- - - - / ^00 — — -

Tv'llliam Harcourt, Esquire - another - - - / 42j j7 - — £

Charles Lord. Cat heart, on JT. 1,200 a Year - ~ / poo — —

Alexander Earl of Ga/loziuay, on £.800 a Year - - - - j f>oo —

Charles Lord. A her dour, - L>* - - . / 800 -- —

James Earl of Finlater - D* - - - - _ j 800 _ — -

Francis Lord Napier - ID* - - j 800 — -

James Earl of Lauder ale - ID* - . — j 800 _ —

James and TThomas Coutts, to be disposed by them for His Majesty’s Service - / 600--

Alexander Frajer, Esquire, on f~. 400 a Year - - - - / ^00 — -

George Lord Hay - ID* - / 30<D -

Sir Robert NIen-z.es - . - ID° - - _ / 4.00 -

George Earl of Crawford, on £. 350 a Year - - / 3S° _* --

Lord George Raey - on f~. 300 a Year - / 3 _ __

James Lord Forbes - on £. 2.00 a Year - - - - / 2,00 __ _

John Lord Gray - -. JI>* - - -- - - - - - / 200

Alexander Lord Ha tiff . D* - - - / 200 _ _

dlndjcevu St* C.'lair, Esquire D° - - - / 200 _ ——

Lady Catharine tf^emyfs, on jT. 100 a Year - / 7^ _ __

Lady Tvlary Campbell, _ r on £. 100 a Year , - / xoo _ —

Ann Countess of ISTorthefb, on £. 300 a Year - -u - / 300 _ __

Captain Erriek Sutherland, on f. 100 a Year - - - - - - / 7^ _ —

The Executors of William Earl of Sutherland --. - - - / ^^3 18

John T'racy Atkins, ^.fqviire, 3th Baron of the Court of Exchequer - - -- " / 7* _- -

1 To

10 Geo. III. 13*

To John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, tec. on his Fee and in Augmentation of his Salary -

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of P6 on D° - - *

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, on his Fee, and in Augmentation of his Salary - - -; - - - >

William Whitaker* Esquire, Second Justice of D% on D* *

Daines Barrington, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, on D* *

James Hayes, Esquire, Second Justice of D*, on D# -

William Chetwynd> Esquire, Examiner of all Plays and Interludes - -

Edward Capell, Esquire, Deputy to D° - -

Lawrence Brockett, B. D. Professor of Modern History in the Uhiverfity of Cambridge The Kepresentatives of D° -

John Hat Jell, Esquire, Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons - *

Philip Meadows, Esquire, late One of the Commissioners for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences -

James Ramsden, Esquire - - another -

William Adams, Esquire - - another -

John Pearson, late Cashier to the above Commissioners -

Charles Bern bridge, late Secretary and Comptroller to D° -

More, as late Messenger to D° ——

Gilbert East, late Comptroller to D° - -

Ann Cafs, late Housekeeper to D° - - - - ? -

Henry Folkes, Esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath -

The Mayor of Macclesfield> for a Preacher -

William Davis, to pay the late Princess Caroline's Servants

Neville Majkelyne, A. M. on £, 200 aYear

Sir Francis Molineux, Knight, Gentleman Usher Black Rod -

Claudius Amy and, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty's Libraries *

The Judges of England ——

Edward Willes, Esquire, One of the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench

John Morton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester - -

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D* -

Thomas Atwood, Esquire, Alftstant Judge of Dominica -

John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter -

Frederick Augufius Earl of Berkeley, Constable of the Forest of Dean -

Daniel Wier, on £. 200 a Year -

Sir Thomas Robinson, as late Governor of Barbadoes - -

Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of Antigua - -

Henry Ellis, Esquire, on ^.300 a Year - -

Jfrael Mauduit, Esquire, Agent for Newfoundland - - -.

Benjamin Carpenter, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Montserrat Jatnes Poole, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St Chrifiophei' -Purbeck Langham, Esquire, Agent for the Island of Grenada -Robert Melville, Esquire, Governor of Grenada, £ffc.

James Johnson, Esquire, Governor of the Island of Nevis George James Bruere, Esquire, Governor of the Bermuda Islands -Roderick Gwynn, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Tobago -Robert Cholmondeley, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Revenues arising in America ——

Charles Lord Greville Montague, Captain General and Governor of Soueh Carolina - -

Samuel Rous, Esquire, Commander in Chief of the Island of Barbadoes -UlyJJes Fitzmaurice, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St. Vincent -William Hilly Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Tobago -

Thomas Shirley, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Bahama Islands William Shirley, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Bahama Islands William Woodley, Esquire, Governor of the Leeward CJiaribbtf Islands -William Tryon, Esquire, Governor of North Carolina -

Charles Pinfold, Esquire, Governor of the Island of Barbadoes - .

James Verechild, Esquire, Commander in Chief of the Leeward Ckaribbee Islands William Spry, Esquire, for Services performed as Governor of Barbadoes -

Messengers.

To Thomas Gibbons, Messenger of His Majesty’s Chamber - -

John Walker, Thomas Harrison, Williafn Ross, and Benedict Schaller, Messengers attending the Receipt of Exchequer, for travelling Charges, Termly BUls, £s?r,

John Walker, One of the above Messengers

Thomas Harrison - - another -

William Ross - another - -

Benedict Schaller - - another -

Devereux Davis, One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, for travelling

Charges

Richard Sievenfon Thomas Potter William Colebrooke Henry Ballczve Yol. 3s.

another

another

another

another

593

£ s d.

487 10 _

487 10 —

662 10 —

4 5° — —

5*7 10 —

45° —

400 — —

200 — —

200 — — ‘

200 — —

661 4

375 — —

500 —

500 — —

60 — —

130 — —

20 — —

22 5 — —

25 — —

500 — — *

5° — —

311 5 —

250 — — -

200 — ~

100 — — .

6>733 2 11

95 10

200 — — -

187 10 —

525 12 6

57° 5 —

’ 210 —

250 — —

8 co — —

200 — —

300 — —

300 — —

200 — —

2CO — —

1S — —

1,500 — ——

300 — —

595 — ——

407 13 5

250 — —

1,000 — —

250 — —

100 — —

93 16 3i

35° — —

5°° —

79®

1,000 — —

557 1 3 *

300 — —

2,51° 17 4!

61 — —

47* —

196 17

6

156 10 — *

44-----

128-----

128 — — 146 1$ 4 1,2 8

596

12* Januarii.

A. 1770.'

To Thomas Skeggs, One of the Meficngers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on is a Day -

Mnre, for travelling Charges ——

Edward Harlan d, another, on 2 s. a Day -

More, for travelling Charges -

Samuel Bowerman, another, on 2 s. a Day -

More, for travelling Charges ——

Fees, Perpetuities, &c.

To George Earl of Orford, Ranger of St. James's Park - -

Nicolas Bonfoy and Henry Brougham, Esquires, Serjeants at Arms -

John Lord Afonfon, Chief Justice in Eyre on this Side of Trent -John Briflowe, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London John Perrott, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Remembrancer’s Office in the Court of Exchequer ——

William Duke of Gloucester, Keeper of Hampton Court Park - .

Robert Yeates, on ^.750 a Year - -

William Earl of Chatham, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to His Majesty -

Stephen Cotter ell, Esquire, Assistant Master of the Ceremonies -

Claudius Amy and* Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

Andrew Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the Records, iAc. in Whitehall -

William Earl of Derby, and others for the poor Ministers of the Isle of Man

Martha Bonfoy, Widow, His Majesty’s Holifekeeper atNewmarket -

George Duke of Montagu, Governor of Windsor Castle -

Thomas Wynne, Esquire, One of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer -

Henry Shelley and Michaet Warden, Esquires, who aft as the other -

John Truefdale, Gentleman, Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty.

The Fellows of Eton College, a Perpetuity - - - - -

Joseph Smith, and others, Serjeants at Arms to His Majesty -

George Earl of Pomfret, Keeper of the House Park at Windsor -

Richard Beresford, Esquire, Master of His Majesty’s Tennis Court -

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Master of the Revels to His Majesty - - t

William Aijlabie, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -

Samuel Lord Masham, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer - -

The Dean and Chapter of St. Peter, Westminster -

Rachael Lloyd, His Majesty’s Housekeeper at Kenflnglon -

George Onslow, Esquire, Out Ringer of Windsor Forest -

Sir Mathew Lamb, Baronet, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -Charles Ambler, Esquire - another *

Eliah Harvey, Esquire ----- another -

Henry Banks, Esquire - - - another -

Edward Thurlow, Esquir£ - - - another -

Richard Clayton, Esquire " - " - ’ - - another

Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy~ - - another -

George Duke of St. Albail's, Master of His Majesty’s Hawks -

Chnfl's Hospital in London ' -

Christopher Seaton, Engraver of Seals to His Majesty -

~ Thomas Dring and John Pickel, Keepers of the Council Chamber -The Officers of the Board of Works -

Harry Burrard, Esquire, Ranger of New Forest -

The Mayor and Corporation of the Town of Berwick -

John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -....

The Judges of England - -

John Morton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester -

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D* - *

S\r Martth Wright, on £: 1,000 a Yc&r ~.....- *

The Matters in Chancery ——

The Clerks in the Remembrancer’s Office ——

George Arbuthnot, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Remembrancer’s Office Thomas Gregg, Esquire, another -

James Forbes, Esquire, of Culloden, on £. 600 a Year -

Richard Stonekewer, Knight Harbinger to His Majesty - -

The Officers of the Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bills

D*, on their Fees ....

Her Majesty, Queen Charlotte"

Charles Lord Camden, Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire,"U(hef of the Exchequer, for the Watchmen of the Exchequer George Earl of Kinnoul, or his Assigns, on £ 1,000 a Year -William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of His Majesty’s Land Revenues -Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland, on £. 8,000 a Year - - - " "

William Henry Duke of Gloucester, D* - -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, "His Majesty’s Surveyor General - . - -

William De Grey, His Majesty’s Attorney General - -

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park - - *

£ s. j.

6 12

H — —

26 16 —

43 10 —

26 16 —

48 10 —

891 *7 6

201 6 —

33 15 10J

*37 5 —

26 13 4

in 9 4

937 10 —

365 — —

200 — —

221 *3 4

200 — —

I60 — —

100 — —

200 — ~

l8l 10 0

3 00 — —

22J — —

1'5 — —

42 — —

803 — —

400 —

132 3 4

10 —

66 *3 4

*7 18 3

60 — —

300 — —

600 — —

40 — —

40 — —

40 — —

40 — —

4° — —

40 — —

4° — —

1,372 10 —

31° 10 ~

57

9l

10 —

5 —

267 4

500-----

75----

4 2

47

15»75°

547

375

139

8*5

io —

139 17

46

20

?0

600

196

6 S

50,000 -T — ’

5,000 — -366 - -1,000 — — ICO —

8.000 — —

8.000 — — So° —

81 6 3 83 3 —

J To

io Geo. Ill,

12 ° JdnuarH.

?91

To William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Privy Council Records ... Philip Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Privy Council Records The Clerks of the Privy Council -

William Earl of Chat ha ri, on £.?oooo aYear -

Henry Dark} Gardiner, Clerk of the Nichels in the Court of Exchequer

Charles Earl Cornwallis, Chief Justice in Eyre on this Side of Trent -

Robert Earl of Holderness’e, Constable of Dover Castle

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the other Side of Trent -

Doctor Gregory Sharpe, Master of the Temple

Henry Seymour Conway, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State His Majesty’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms - - - *

Sir Edmund Thomas, Baronet, Surveyor of His Majesty’s Woods -

Michael Crane and John Allen, Apothecaries to his Majesty

The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

James Lord Tyrazvley, on £.800 aYear - - -> - -

William Earl of Shelburne, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State The Officers of His Majesty’s Ordnance -

John Kelly M. D. Professor of Physic in the University of Oxford -Edward Willes, Esquire, late His Majesty’s Solicitor General -

Isaac Cooper, Clerk, Vicar, of St. Peter's in the Tower of London *

Samuel Horsey, Esquire, Gloucester King at Arms -

John Suffeild Brown, Esquire, Blanc Courfier -

Henry Hill, Esquire, Brunswick Herald at Arms - -

Tiie University of Oxford, for a Preacher - -

William Lord Mansfield, late Chancellor of His Majesty’s Exchequer -Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of His Majesty’s Exchequer - -

John Tracey Atkins, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer James Lord Lyfford, late James Hewitt, Esquire, One of the Justices Of the Courl King’s Bench -

.Edward Willes, Esquire, One of the Justices of the above Court -James Marriott, L.L.D. Advocate General to His Majesty -Russell Plumtree, M. D. Reader of Physic in the University of Cambridge Arthur Onslow, Esquire, or his Assigns, on £.3000 a Ydar"

Edward Hatton, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty Private Roads -

The Dean and Chapter of Litchfield ——

The Churchwardens of St, Botolph, in London - - - '

Ann Blackerby, Housekeeper of the House of Lords -The Master and Fellows of Emanuel College in the University of Cambridge . The University of Cambridge, for a Preacher -

Dr. Zachary Brook, Reader of Divinity in the University of Cambridge -The Vicars of Litchfield - - - .

.. The Churchwardens of St. Michael, Cornhill -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer The Churchwardens of St. Magnus, London -

The University of Oxford, for a Reader in Divinity -

The Churchwardens of St. John, Baptist, in London -

Thomas Tyrwkitt, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons -

The Master of Southwell School -

Stephen Cotterell, Esquire, One of the Clerks of the Privy Council - -

Lewis Lord Sondes, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -

£ * d.

- 3°7< 19 9i

- 38 13 2

716 9 lof

- 2,250 —

- 20

- r*7 i? si

- 3.075

- 75

- 37 6 8

- IOO

- 420

- 5°

- 50 16 1 i

100

- 60

- 808 4 1ij

- IOO

212 t IO

- 40 — —

- 33 n 2

- 13 6 8

40

- 26 13 4

- 46 13 *

- 20 — —

- *5 7 "1

_ 196 5 it

- 163 6 8

of

1.I8 3 H

- 69 1 6J

- 20

a* 30

- . 2,250

- 73 — —

- IO

’ 7

- 926

- 16 13 4

20 —

_ 13 6 8

- 15 — —

12 4 — -

' - " 43 6 *

21 4 8

13 6 8

- 7 *3 4

_ JO — —

10 — —

33 10 if

- 66 13 4

P 627,183 10 loj

Exchequer, the 12th pay of January 177*.

JE. WilforL

Vox,. 32.

59*

la* Januarii

A. 1770T

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Paiiiament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been ifitied and paid out of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer to any Person or Persons, on account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 15th Day of October 1760 to the 25th Day of Fthroaty 17691 distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

From the 15th Day of October 1768 to the 25th Day of February 1769.

To Sir William Breton, Knight

Privy Purse.

Secret and Special Service. To Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth -Anthony Todd, Esquire -Grey Cooper, Esquire William Earl of Shelburne - -

Willes Earl of HUlijborough

1,500-----

3,361 16 — -16,000-----

75° -

75°-----

To Philip Cade, Esquire

Band of Pensioners.

PreGdent of the Council. To Robert Earl of Northington -

King’s Goldfnnth.

To Thomas Hemming - - _ - <-

Keeper of the Privy Seal To William Earl of Chatham - -

Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, and all other Sum and Sums of Money

whatsoever, viz.

Ambassadors, Envoys, C3V.

To Henry Earl of Rockford, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Christian King ——

Stanier Porten, Esquire, Secretary to the above Embassy -

' Sir Joseph Torke, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General David Viscount Stormont, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Vienna ——

Benjamin Lang/ois, Esquire, Secretary to the above Embassy *

' Sir James Gray, Baronet, on his Allowance ofj. 3 a Day -

D*, as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King Lewis De Vifme, A. M. Secretary to the Embassy to the Catholic King ... William Henry Lyttelton, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Faithful King ——

filiilip Stanhope, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Dresden

George Pitt, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Sardinia John Murray, Esquire, Ambassador to the Ottoman Port -William Hamilton, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of the Two Sicilies' -

Sir James Porter, Knight, on £.1,000 a Year -

Walter Titley, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark -William Gordon, Esquire, Minister Plenipotentiary to the Court of Fulke Greville, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Elector of Bavaria

Sir Andrew Mitchell, Knight, Minister and Plenipotentiary at the Court of PruJJi.i Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Envoy to the Great Duke of Tuscany -j1 Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, late Minister at the Court of Brujfells -Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, Refldent and Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of William Norton, Esquire, Minister at the Szvifs Cantons -

£- *

16,000 — —

22,361 16

3,000 — — T

1,063 4 4$ 1,723 6 9 64* *5 —

1.979----

284----

1.7°°----

1,700-----

284 — — 261 — — 1,800 — — -284 — —

811----

560 — —

891-----

*73----

1,036----

2*0 -

276 — ---

46O — .

53 I----

878-----

835 r- -261-----

555 -

393 -

To

----’

tor <3eo._ III.

i a® Jatiuarik

m

JterRedpk Woodford* Esquire* Resident with the Hans Towns -

- ThonSts Wroughtbny YL((\\i\rt, Resident at the Court of Poland ? > - - . -;

- 'Jhiett Gunning, Esquire, Resident at-the Court of Denmark - - .

--Sir James WrigAt, Knight, 'Resident at the Republic of Venice <* - * , -

- Jrfepk Sopham, Esquire,. Co Altai at Tetuan -

- - James Holford, Esquire, Costful at Genoa . - r - - - . - -

- Jfaad Jamineau, j Esquire, Ctidful at Naples -

- - Emanuel Mathids, Esquire, Agtent tit the Hlns Towns -

+ Jofiak Hardy, Efcutre, Consul at Cadiz > - - - - -,

James 'Trail, Esquire, Consul at Tunis

Daniel Bomester, Esquire, Consul at Carthagena - - - - <

Frederick Lawrence^ Esquire, on 300 a Year . - - - .

- - Btanaby, Esquire,. on 3or. a Day -

Charles Holzendarf, on £. 400 a Year . - - . - - - , *>

- - Stanhope Afpinwull,- Esquire, on £. 200 a Year - -

*' Michael Hatton, Esquire,- Consul at the Port of &V. ' - - - 7

James Brujby, Esquire, Cortftd at Madrid - - - >

- Archibald Campbell Frazer, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Algiers -;

Robert Walpole, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embafiy to the Catholic King

- Mbre, as D° to the ChrHlian King ——

Henry Shirley, Esquire, whom His Majesty hath appointed to manage His Affairs at

the Court of Russia - - - - ’ -

Simon Earl of Hareourt, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Moll Clmftian King- - -

- William Lynch Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia -

- Edward Hay, Bfquire, on £.3 a Day - -

Edward Barker* Esquire* Consul atTripoli - - - - .

Gifts, Rewards, and Extraordinaries.

Th JoJepk Hebfon, towards defraying the Charge of his Pafihge to North America

Francis Majfet Thomas- Wiarren Henry John Arthur Emm

Richard Farmer Jv emiah Berey Daniel M'Kinncnv -John Trotter William Clerk -John IVHies

D* to Antigua

D® to the MoJquelo Shore

D® to North Carolina

D° to Virginia

D® to South Carolina

D® to Maryland -

D® toD® -

D* to Tobago - , -

D® to Nero England

D® to North Carolina

William.Davis, Esquire, for reimburse Expences and pay Bills of Exchange George Brdwn, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange -

More, for Special Service ——

Arthur Varfttart, Esquire, for the Rent of Park -

The Governors and Company of Chelsea Water Works, for supplying the Treasury with Water -

Sir Jeffry Elves, Knight# Treasurer to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Ann, fer the Maintenance of the poor Clergy -

Sir Stephen Theodore Janjfen, Baronet, Chamberlain of the City of London, for the Poor of the said City - -

Peter Roberts, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of impofl upon Wines - - '-

Thomas Sandby,. Esquire, His Majesty’s Steward and Superintendant of the Works in Windsor Park - -

Mary Sherd ley. Widow of.....Skerdley -

Dr. Samuel Stennett ——

William Brownrigg, Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes -Lauihlan Maclean,- Esquire, for His Majesty's Special Service -

Mark Baskett, for-Printing Acts of Parliament, k&c. -

John Stewart, Esquire, for Transportation of Felons -

Cuchet Jout encil, Esquire, for Special Service, and to pay Bills of Exchange -Sir Charles CottereH Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies, as a Present to Mori-

sieur Alexes Moujon PauJJohkin - -

George :Ezxl of Orford, Ranger of Hyde PaFk, for watering the Ring <

"To the Commissioners of the Lottery 1768 -

John Steward, Esquire, for Special Service - - /

MeflieVirs Amyand-, Ruker, and Siebel, for D* - - .-

John Larpent, Esquire, to be paid over to Sir George Warren, Baronet, for the Rent of a Woufe in Cleveland-Row -

John Bristow, Gentleman, Keeper of the lions, If in the Tower of London The Sheriffs of England and Wales - - - -' -

Thomas Gregory, Gentleman, Under Sheriff of the County, of Kent, for Conviction of Felons - -

Francis Gregg, Under Sheriff of London and Middlesex - for D® -

Rickard Lucas, Esquire, Sheriff-of Monmouth - D* -

Vql. 3*. Q

£ d.

.4*3 *-»

2 73 -

<*555 —

373 — —

162 10 —

62 10. —

100 — —

184 — —

5° -

125 — —

25-----

75 — — r , 13° *0 —

IOO----

50 — —

50----

250 — — 740 13* 6 384 — . — 486----

554 —: —

2,800 — , — 960. — — 261 — —

345----

20 — - —

20 — — 20 —

20 — — 20 — — 20 — — 20 — - — 20 — — 20 — — 20 — — -20 — — .

4,407 16 1

573 3 6

39a 18 —

323 9 —

52 14 —

14,100 — —

1.000 -

96 12 -

1,079 19 9I

1,083 — *

8 co — —

254 14 —

1,092 x —

4>552 H Si

715----

609 4

545 —

200 — —

6,300 — —

1,059----

522 18 —

155 12 6 46 -

4.000 — —

250 — —

430-----

60 — — -

To

6oo

i 2® Januarii.

To John Gnife, Esquire, Sheriff of Glouceferfor Conviction of Felons *> Thomas Bury, Junior, Esquire, Sheriff of Worcester -Richard'Gorges, Esquire,'Sheriff of Hereford - -

William Price, Esquire, Sheriff, of Berks - - .

John Hellier, Esquire, Sheriff of Some ----- Edward Price and Alexander Edgar, Esquires, Sheriffs of Edward Botterell, Esquire, Shenff of Salop - -

Gettrge Porter and Thomas Peckht, Gentlemen, Sheriffs of the City^of Bristol John Walker, Esquire, Usher of the Court of Exchequer -

D®

D®

D*

D®

D*

D*

Annuities, Allowances, (Be.

To the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer -Frederick Ibrd North, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer -John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London "

Richard AJorley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer More, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster -Robert Jennings, Esquire, for his extraordinary Services in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer - - - - , - -

B&rtholnmewLitcas, Gentleman, for keeping the Registers of all Public Loans in the said Office ——

Thomas Pratt, et al. Clerks of the Treasury - -

Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors of the Treasury - -

Thomas Nuthall, Esquire - - - another

Char lei Palmer, et. al. for Services performed in the Treasury - - - - .

John Jnckfon, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate - - - *

John Earl Tihuy, Warden of the Forest of Waltham -

Henry Rooke, Esquire, Chief Clerk in the Record Office in Cafar's Chapel -

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park -

Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records of the forfeited Estates in England Abraham Farley, Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer -Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer - -

Sir Joseph Ayloffe, Baronet, et al.for Methodizing the Papers at Whitehall -

More, to methodize the Papers, isle, in the King’s and Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s

Office..... ——

Robert Nunn, Porter of the Outward Gate of Windsor Castle - -

Edward Bibbins, Messenger, attending the , Printing Press -

William De Grey, Esquire, His Majesty’s Attorney General - -

John Elly, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park - -

Edmund, Bishop of Chester, for Four Preachers -

The Officers and Clerks in the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -

Henry Duke of Newcastle, Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer -

Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath, Clerk of the Pells ..

The Under Keepers of Cranbum Chace ——

His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Windsor Forest Francis Barlow, Esquire, Clerk in the Crown Office -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, His Majesty’s Surveyor General -

Her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales -

William Duke of Gloucester - -.....*

Henry Duke of Cumberland -

Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State

William Earl of Shelburne - another -

Willes Earl of Hijborough - - - another - -

Samuel Lord Sandys, on £. 1,500 a Year -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of -Charles Earl ComwaUis, _D#-cm the South Side of Trent -

William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His- Majesty’s Houshold Sir John Cujl, Baronet, Speaker of the House of Commons George Duke of St. Albans, on £. 1,000 a Year -

Robert Lord Viscount Clare, First Commissioner of Trade The Commissioners of Trade -

John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners

More for incident Charges -

George Earl of Orford, Keeper of Hyde Park -Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -Sir Charles Cotterett Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies Tkomis Dring et al. Keepers of the Council Chamber George Earl of Pomfret, Keeper of the House Park at Windsor The Clerks of the Privy Council ----- 1

Francis Earl of Huntingdon, Groom of the Stole to His Majesty William Earl of Coventry, One of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber

John Earl of Buckinghamshire William Earl of March Thomas Lord Bruce Edward Earl of Oxford George Earl of Orford

another

another

another

another

another

A. 1770.

126

7°-----

IT0 — — IO — — *

too — —

IO —

20-- —

40-----

702 6 4

1,600 -n — 400 — -162 *6 — *

105-----

120 — „-

a5 — —

12 to —

700 — . — 50 — — .

500-----

i* S — —

5-----

67 IO

50----

*7 5 —

5°----

10----->

75-----

250----

250 -> — -25 —

30-----

115 10 —

65----

aoo — — 233 a — 2.00 — — *95 8 4

IO----

z68 14 nf

25----

100 — — 2,500 -

2.250 -

2.250 — —

462 10 — 462 10 — 462 10 — 375 -

891 13 4 '

375 -

385----

500-----

250-----

250 — — 2,000 — — 287 to $14 10 —

122 IO — IOO — —

*5-----

*8 5 —

t50 — T-

IOO ---- —

500 — —

250----

324 14 3

250 — — 250 — — 250 — — 250 — —

io Geo. III.

12° Janua

(or

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

another

To Lord Robert Berlie, One of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber Samuel Lord Masham . - . - - - another

George Earl of Pomfret - - - another *

George Duke of Manchester - another

- Lord Willoughby De Brooke - another

Nor borne Lord Bottetourt - another

..Basil Earl of Henbigh - - another

John Duke of Roxburgh - - - - another

George Lord Viscount ViUiers, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold bit James Peachey, Baronet, One of the Grooms of His Majesty's Bedchamber

- Sir William Breton, Knight -

George Pitt, Esquire - -

William Northey, Esquire -

John Mojlyn, Esquire - -

Edmund Nugent, Esquire -

Sir James Wright, Knight *

John Mordaunt, Esquire -Charles Botham, Esquire

: John Augufius Harvey, Esquire --

Henry Wallop, Esquire - -

- William Harcourt, Esquire - '

Charles Lord Cathcert, on £,1,200 a Year

James Earl of Finlaier, on £.800 a Year -

fronds Lord Napier D* - -

James and Thomas Coutts, on £. 600 a V ear *-- Alexander Frafer, Esquire, on £. 400 a Year -Sir Robert Minzies, Baronet - D*

George Earl of Crawfotd, on £-350 a Year - - - *

James Lord Fortes, on £. ioo a Year -John Lord Gray - - D* - -

Alexander Lord Banff - D* - - - *

Andrew St. Clair, Junior, Esquire, D* -

The Executors of Lady Catharine Wemyfs, on £. 100 a Year - - *

Lady Mary Campbell, the like -

John Tabor Kempe, Esquire, Attorney General at New Tort -

Ann Countels or Northejh, on £. 300 a Year -

James Earl of Lauderdale, on £. ioo a Year - »

John Tracy At tins, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer -

John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, (Ac. *

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D* - -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of - -

William Whitaker, Esquire, Second Justice of D* - - *

Haines Barrington, Eiqurrc, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, (Ac: - *

James Hayes, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -William Chetwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Plays, Interludes, (Ac,

Edward Capell, Esquire, Examiner of all Interludes, (At. -

John Ley, Esquire, Assistant Clerk of the House of Commons Richard Watson, A. M. Professor of Chymistiy in the University of Cambridge Philip Meadows, Esquire, late Commissioner in the Wine Licence Office -James Ramsden, Esquire - another -

William Adams, Esquire - another -

John Pearson, late Cashier to D*

Charles Bembridge, Secretary and Comptroller More as Messenger to D* - - ,

Gilbert East, late Comptroller General to D*

Ann Cafs, late Housekeeper toD*

Neville Mafkclytie, A. M. on £. 250 a Year -Sir Francis Molyneux, Knight, Gentleman IJfher Black Rod -Claudius Amy and, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries George Oitjlow, Esquire, Out llanger of Windsor Forefif Sir Joseph Yates, Knight, One of the Judges of the King’s Bench -Richard Aston, Esquire, One of the Judges in the Court of King’s Bench Edward Willes, Esquire, another -

Sir John Eardly Wilmot, Knight, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas Sir Edward Clive, Knight, One of the Judges in D* -Sir Henry Gould, Knight - - another - ’

Henry Bathurst, Esquire - - another' -

Sir Thomas Parker, Knight, Baron of the Court of Exchequer Sir Sydney Stafford S my the Knight, One of the Barons of the Court of Excheq Sir Richard Adams, Knight - - another -

George Perrott, Esquire - - - another

John Morton, Esquire, Chief Justice of -

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of EP -

Representativei of John Hartey, Esquire, Second Justice of Glamorgan Vot. jt.

er

s.

d.

8 3*

3

£-250 aco 250 250

*5°

172

250 —

74 14

15^ —

125 — 125 ~ — 125 —

1*5 " —

125-----

125 — — 1*5 — t*5 —

125 — —

i*S — —

i*5 — — ,25 — — 600 — — 200 — — *90 — —

I Oo —

100 — — 87 10 —

50 — — 50 — —

59----

64 16 8*

*5 — —

73----

25 — ~

aoo — —

59-----

*75----

*75----

*75----

*75----

275 — - *75----

100 — —

50----

too — — 25 — — *50 — — *50 — — 125 —

40----

65 -

10 — — *

75----

io — —

ro

io —

6* 10 —

50----

50 — f-

150 — —

*50 — —

*5°----

*5° *"

*50 — — *50----

250 — — 250 — —

too — —

250 — — 250 —

2(0 — — IOO — — *

75 — ~ 37 «

To

<5©2

12* JanuarU.

Tb the Executors of Sit Michael Fofier, Knight, iate One of the Judges in the Court of King’s Bench ——

~ Thomas Gray, L.B. Professorof Modern History in the University of Cambridge Francis Earl of Hertford, Lord Chamberlaia of His Majesty’s Houshold -' The Mayor of Macclesfield for a Preacher -

Augufius Earl of Berkeley, Constable of the Forest of Dean -

S\i~Thomas Robinson, Baronet, on £. 800 a Year -

Francis Lord Hawley, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Antigua -Henry Ellis, on /. 300 a Year - -

Israel Mauduit, Esquire, Agent for Cape Breton - -

w James Poole, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St. Christopher ‘ Pur beck Lang ham, Esquire, Agent for the island of , c - -

" Robert Melville, . Esquire, Governor of D* -

James Johnston, Esquire, Governor of the Hland of Nevis -

Robert Cholmondeley, Esquire, Surveyor General of His MajestyS Revenues in America James Joknsion, plquire. Lieutenant Governor of the Island of -

Lord Charles Greviile Montague, Governor of South Carolina - -

Samuel Rous, Esquire, Eldest Resident Member of the Council of and Commander in Chief of D* - - ’ - -

William Spry, Esquire, Governor of the Island of Barbadoes -Andrew Symmer, Esquire, Agent for His Majesty’s Island called Turk’s Island -The Representatives of Alexander Browne, Esqurre, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Tobago . - - - " -

Ulysses Fitzmaurke. - Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St. Vincent -The Executors of George Scott, Esquire, late Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Tobago ——

Daniel Wier, Esquire, on £. 200 a Year -

Thomas Shirley, Esquire, Governor in Chief of the Bahama Islands - -

Meflfengers.

To Thomas Gibbons, Messenger of His Majesty’s Chamber -

William Ross, One of the Messengers at the Receipt of Exchequer, for travelling Charges Devereux Davis,t One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer Richard Stevenfoty - - - - another -

Thomas Potter -, - - - another -

ftenry Rallowe - - - - another -

Zachary Taylor - another -

Samuel Bower man, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer on is. a Day, and for travelling Charges -

Edward Harlan fitanother, for D* - - - - *

Fees, Perpetuities.

To WWiamFaxX of Chatham, on £. 3,000 a Year - -

The Judges of England ——

John Morton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester, (Ac. -

Taylor White, Eifquire, Second Justice of D* -

The Mailers in Chancery ——

Nicolas Borfoy, Esquire, et aL Serjeant at Arms *- - - -.

" Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

The Officers of the Ordnance -

The Corporation of Berwick -

Henry Shelley, et ah who act as One-of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer Taylor Wynne, Esquire, the other -

Samuel Lord Masham, King’s Remembrancer - - - - -.

Charles Ambler, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

Eiiab Harvey, Esquire - another -

Edward Thurlow, Esquire - - - another -

Richard Clayton, Esquire - - - - another -

" Sir Anthony Tho/nas Abdy, Baronet - -another - -

The Uhiverlity of Oxford, for-a Preacher- - - .

John Bfiftowe, Gentleman, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of -

Christopher Seatt/n, Gentleman, His Majesty’s Engraver -

Richard Heron, Esquire, Treasurer's Remembrancer -

Philip Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Council Records - -

William Blair, et al. Clerks of the Council -

- George Earl of -Ofjrd, Ranger of St. James’s Park - -

John Earl of Bftte, Ranger of Richmond Park -

George, Duke of St. Alban's, Mailer of the Hawks to His Majesty -

William De Grey, Esquire, His Majesty’s Attorney General -

Charles Earl Cornwallis, Chief Justice in Eyre, on the South Side of Trent The Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Business of Annuities and Exchequer Bills «j

Her Majesty Queen Charlotte- ——

Charles Lord Camden, Lord I ligh Chancellor of Great Britain -

Horatio Walpolq, Esquire, U flier of the Receipt of Exchequer - -

A 1770.

ns-----

l7* 5 9* 750----

*5----

105---->

200 — —

50----

i5o----

75----

loo — —

IOO-----

150-----

75----

62 to —

75---

500----

546 14 1

500----

5°----

3*5 9 3* 400 — —

643 ig 6£ too — —

*75-----

14 10 —

98----

22 — —

64----

64----

66 13 4

73 6 3

75 5 — 75

h5°° — —

10,750----

365-----

25°-----

55°-----

101 4 —

40 -

216 9 10

50-----

150-----

2 00 — - —

55 >7 4

20 — — 20 — — 20 — —

20 --- —

20 — ---

IO — -

70 IO ---

12 IO — 64 2 I

I25-----

250 -

220 II 3 26 2 --

34 32 6

81 6 8

41 13 4

*»475 -

12,500----

1,250----

*7 "

T#

Goa

The King*s Answer to Address#

Corn, &c. Exportation.

io Geo. III.

12* Januani.

605

To William Lowndes, Eftjuire, Auditor of the Land Revenue -

George Earl of Kinnoull, on £. 1,000 a Year - - - - »

William Henry Duke of Gloucester

Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland -

Arthur Onflozv, Esquire, on 3000 a Year - - -> - -

Rickard Stonehewer, Knight Harbinger

George Bunk Earl of Halifax, Ranger of Saw/ey Forest - - *

RobertYLzrX of Holdemejfe, Constable of Dover Cattle - *

Robert Yeates, Esquire ——

Michael Crane, et al. Apothecaries in Ordinary to His Majesty -Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief justice in Eyre of the North Side of Trent William Earl of Chatham, Keeper of the Privy Seal - -

Rachael Lloyd, Housekeeper at Kenfing - - - - -The Fellows of Eton College - - - - - -1

John Truefdale, Gentleman, Apothecary to His Majesty - . *

Richard Beresford, Esquire, Mailer of His Majesty’s Tennis Courts Joseph Smith, et al. Serjeant at Arms - - - *

Dr. Gregory Sharpe, Mailer of the Temple -

George Onslow, Esquire, Out Ranger of tVindfor Forest -

The Officers of the Works -

The Dean and -Chapter of Westminster -

Martha Bonfoy, Housekeeper at Newmarket - - - . -

George Duke of Montagu, Governor of Windfot Castle Andrew Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -

William Eari Derby, et al. for the poor Ministers of the Isle of Man fames Lord Tyrawley, on £. 800 a Year - - - - * *

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty's Libraries - '

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies - *

Stephen Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant Mailer of the Ceremonies Henry Banks, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Council at Law -Henry Darby Gardiner, Gentleman Clerk of the Nichills -

Robert Herbert, Esquire, His Majesty’s Surveyor General -Christ's Hospital - - - *

Thomas Dring, et al. Keepers of the Council Chamber - -

Harry Burrard, Esquire, Ranger of NForest - -George Earl of Pomfret, Ranger of the House Park at Wtndfor John Forbes, Esquire, of Culloden - . -. - ,

Sir Matthew Lamb, Baronet, late One of His Majesty’s Council at Law -

£. ft d.

i i°

* tm 250 —

L .2,000 — —

2,006 — * —

- 7 5° *

98 13 4

- 140 — —

a. 1,025

i* 187 to —

- 26 13 4 .

- *7,

75

- JO 10 —

m 28 15

-aft m 32 t8 —

im - 191 8 a

W - 37 6 8

< — 300

134 1* n

5° .

50 ‘

- 43 i° —

m 4° — —

25

m - 206 — —

mm m 50 *

im Om SO

— m 54 ‘

- 20 —

- to — - —

- 400 — —

185 5 —

- - 21 15 —

m m 115

a IOO —

- 300 —

- 22 I9 —

i97i705 *5 3$

Exchequer, the lath Day of January 1770.

E. Wilford.

Ordered, That the said Account and Books do fie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

a

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty Yesterday, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My Sincere Thanks, for your loyal and dutiful Address. I fee with great Pleasure, the Continuance of that Zeal and Public Spirit which I have always experienced from My faithful Commons, in the Affur-ances you give Me of paying an early Attention to the importaht Objects recommended to your Consideration. My Interests, and those of My People, mull ever be the fame, and in pursuing such Measures as are most conducive to their real Happiness, you will give to Me the ttueft and most acceptable Testimony of your Attachment to My Person and Government.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read* for the Supply* floufe to resolve, itself into a Committee of the whole.

House, to consider of the Motion made. Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to thfe said Com*, mittee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitwor, th reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report,'when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of {fie Clock.

It

Accounts;

Customs.

Navenbv

Inclosure.

604 15° Januarii. ' '.'.".A. 1770.

Lt/rue, i 5* die januarii \

Anno io'* Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

"|"^HE House being informed that some of the A Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament.

, N° 1. An Account, of prohibited India Goods, brought into St, Helens' Warehouses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1768 to Michaelmas 1769; also What exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1769: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into Leadenhall and Billiter Lane Warehouses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1768 to Michaelmas 1769; also what exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehouses at -

mas 1769: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1768 j what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1769: And also,

IS* 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1768; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1769; And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses, at S(. Helens, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and the Custom

House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1768, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have been returned; and what remained out at Michaelmas 1769: And also, /

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Rtftia, into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1768 to Michaelmas 1769: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia, ii^o the Ports of England ( commonly called the Out Ports) from Michaelmas 1768 to Michaelmas 1769; And also.

An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to Davis’s Straits, and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity.of Oil, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported in the Year 1769: And also.

An Account of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from England, to any Place whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of any x>f the Liberties or Powers given or granted for that Purpose, by in Act passed last Session to prohibit the Exportation thereof, continued from last Account; delicet, from the 10th of October 1768, exclusive, to the 10th QStober 1769, indlufive.

And then they withdrew*

- And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The. said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Persons, being Proprietors of Lands of Estates within the Manor and Parish of Na-venby, in the County of Lincoln, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Commonable J^ands and Waste Grounds, wherein the different Properties of the several Proprietors lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Pajcels, and in many Places inconveni-

ently situated; and that the same cannot be improved in their prefect State, yet are nevertheless capable of great Improvement by Inclosure: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fame, in such Manner as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr*

Scrope and Sir Cecil Wray do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners of Lands, Tene- Bramptm ments, and Hereditaments, within the Manor or Lordship ladotoa. of Brampton, in the Parish of Longma, in the County of WeJImorland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves, and others interested in the Open Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying and being within the Manor or Lordship aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are very large and extensive Tracts of Open Common or Waste Ground, within and belonging to the said Manor or Lordship, containing One Thousand Acres or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are of very little Service to the Persons interested therein; and that, if the fame, or such Parts thereof as to the House shall seem meet, were divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested therein, a very considerable Benefit would arise therefrom: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Regulations and Provisoes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Anthony Abdy and Mr. Hotham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

- Mr. Darner presented to the House, according to Or- Lord der, a Bill to enable the Right honourable George Sack- Sackviiie’* ville, commonly called Lord George Sackviiie, and his Nsnie-Issue Male, to take and use the Surname-of Germain, pursuant to the Will of the Right honourable the Lady Elizabeth Germain, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Darner presented to the House, according to Or- Kroll’s der, a Bill for naturalizing Adam KrollAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr Darner presented to the House, according to Or- Set(Ur’s der, a Bill for naturalizing Christian Gottlieb N«-

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to salted continue for a further Time, to be limited, An Act, &c. made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,’ intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time: And that Mr. Alderman Trent hick, Sir Joseph Maw bey, Mr. Backdate, Sir William Meredith, and Mr Pennant, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Friday last. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved,

6o 5

10 Geo. III. 150 — 1

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time}

Refched, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth MafttS x 6* dig *fatlUOrit*

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That J *

a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Anno io* Georgii III. U Regis, 1770.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty. Piayeri.

Estimates, Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the 2^*- Navy, for the Year 1770, with an Estimate of the

and Armr. Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 17 70, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 177*, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1770, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental' and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1770, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1770, be laid before this House.

Ordered That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing the Monies arisen, within the respective Half Years ending at the 5th Day of April 1769, and the loth Day of October 1769, as well of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Corn &e. The other Order of the Day being read;

Exportation. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from "Wheat and Wheat Flour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had -directed him to report, when tire House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House' adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VOL.32.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders Whitchurch, and others, whose Names are thereunto sub- &c* feribed, redding near to, and travelling upon, the Road Roac'* herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read j Settingforth, That the Road leading from the Town of Whit church, in the County of through Kingscleere and Aldermaston, to the End of the

present Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks, is in a ruinous Condition, and, in several Parts thereof, very deep and narrow, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and altering the said Road, and keeping the same in good Repair, by such Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it dial I appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas , Mr. Pen-

ton, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold- Exciters, of the County of Devon, was presented to the ^S*1 s,re<*< House, and read; Setting forth. That the Way, leading from the High Street, in the City of , to the

Castle, where all public Courts of Judicature are held for the said County, is so very narrow, steep, and dangerous, that it is impossible for Two Carriages to pals by each other, and very hazardous for Foot Passengers; and that the Petitioners have applied to the Justices of the said County, to have the said Way made more safe and commodious; but are informed, that the said Justices are not empowered to apply the County Stock to the Purpose of widening, or otherwise improving, the said Way: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, empowering’the said Justices to widen, and otherwise to improve, the said Way or Approach; and to apply to such Purposes, out of the public Stock or Rates of the said Count)’, a Sum not exceeding jf. 1,000.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: , ’

And it is referred to Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylck,

Mr. Parker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

in.’/l

A Petition of the Freeholders, Heretors, and Justices Kincardine^ of Peace, of the County of- Kinca, was presented to

-to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the High Roads, leading through the County of Kincardine, to the Town of Aberdeen, are much frequented by Travellers, and cannot, byreason of their Narrowness and Rugged-ness in some Places, and the Deeprtefs of the Soil in other Places, be effectually repaired, enlarged, and made passable; nor, when so made, can be kept in good Re-, pair by the ordinary Coutfe of Law: And therefore praying the House to take she Premises into Cohfidera-

6o6

16a Jamarit. A. 1770*

tion, and to allow a Bill to be brought in, for widening, amending, and repairing the high Roads, leading through the County of to the Town of

Aberdeen, iii such Manner as to the House shall seem tneet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Mr. Bacon,

See: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Thetford Mr. Drummond reported from the Committee, to whom ♦o *the Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and Burgh of Jtoad* Thetford, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and of several Gentlemen of the said Counties, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Christopher's Bridge, in the said Borough of Thetford, to the North End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridg; and also of the Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Act; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House-; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Mr. Thomas Wright, being examined, said, That there is now owing, on the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of £. 2,400.

That by reason of some Restrictions in the said Act, in relation to the credting of Gates, the Tolls are unequally collecded, and the Receipt not so great as to answer the Purposes of the said Act: ,

That the said Act is defective in many Particulars; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless further Powers are granted, and the Term of the said Act enlarged:

That the Road leading from Stow Heath, in the County of Suffolk, through the Turnpike Gate at Elden, to Brandon Bridge, in the same County, is very deep and ruinous, and unsafe for PalFengers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually repaired without the Aid of an Act of Parliament; and that if the said Road were properly , repaired, it would be of great public Advantage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, for amending the Road from Christopher's Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North East End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge', and for amending the Road from Stow Heath, in the County of Suffolk, to in

the said County; And that Mr. Drummond, Mr,

Colonel Fitzroy, General Conway, Mr. De Grey, and Sir JSdward AJlley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Norwich Mr. Harbord reported from the Committee, to whom to ’ the Petition of the Magi (hates, Gentlemen, Merchants, Trowfe Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the City of

wick, and of the principal Owners and Inhabitants of the . Towns and Villages contiguous to or through which the

Road thereafter mentioned leads to the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Dewingbeiag examined, said. That the Road leading from Norwtoh to Trowfe, in the County of Norfolk, is in

*9

a very ruinous Condition, and narrow, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, without die Aid of Parliament; that the Road is only Three Miles in Length; and that by an Estimate made, the Repairs will amount to One thousand Pounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Road from St. Stephen's Gate, in the City of Norwich, to a Place called 'BloHill, in Trowfe, in the County of Norfolk: And that Mr. Harbord and Mr, Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John CafparSchneider, was pretented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cujland Mr. Allanfon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord North reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be gra-ciously- pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from 25th December 1769 to 24th December 1770, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1769 to 24th December 1770, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the Britishand Irish Establishments of Five Battalions dnd Four Companies of Foot, serving in the Hie of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded I (lands, from 25th December 1769 to 24th December 1770, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Generaland General Staff Officers in Great Britfor the Year 1770: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay, for 365 Day?, for the Year 1770, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from Ten to . Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the 24th December 1763: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay, and-Allowances to the reduced Officers of His, Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, fox the Year 1770 And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year *770: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1770: And also.

Lift of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1770.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Lifts were read.

The said Lifts, and also the Two last of tfhe said Estimates, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the rest of the said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Estimate

Schneider’*

Nat,

Anfirer

to

Address

for

Estimates,

&:c.

EIM mates* Sec. Navy and Ar*wy*

10 Geo. III.

16" JanuariL

60 7

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1769 to the 24th of December 1770, both Days inclusivei being 365 Days.

C First Troop of Life Guards I Second Ditto -

Horse. ( First Troop of Grenadier Guards -I Second Ditto -L Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto -Third Ditto -Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons Duke of ArgylC s - - -Dragoons.< Earl of Albemarle's -

Lieutenant General Conway's Lieutenant General Cholmondeley's Lieutenant General Howard's Sir John Morda -Marquis of Lothian's

Light f Lieutenant General Elliott's Dragoons. 1, Colonel Burgoyne’s -

First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards Third Regiment of Foot Guards -Sir Jeffery Amherst's Regiment of Foot Lieutenant General Major General Rufane's Lord Robert Bertie's -Lieutenant General A'Court's Colonel Hotham's

Major General Monckton's - -

Major General Grame's - -

Colonel Hale's -

Major General Gage's -Lieutenant General s

Earl of Loudoun's

Earl Cornwallis's - - .

Colonel Fletcher Campbell's - . r

Major General Gray's - - .

Major General Carey's z

Major General Lambars

Foot.

T i* j f Major General Parker's Regiment

{Twenty Independent Companies -

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

Total

War Office, J.6th January 1770.

Numbers. - Pay of the Troops 1 and Regiments for 365 Days.

- 181 - *7.6o5 3 4

181 - 17,605 3 4

Ml - 10,870 18 4

176 - - IO»743 3 4

3l9 26,054 18 4

i>°j4

" .345 18,878 2 1

231 - 12,896 13 4

231 12,896 13 4

mm 231 m 12,896 13 4

231 - 12,896 15 4

231 - 12,896 23 4

*" 431 - 12,896 13 4

" 231 - 12,896 13 4

231 - 12,896 13 4

231 - - 12,896 13 4

m 231 2»655 12,896 13 4

231 12,896 13 4

m 231 . 462 12,896 13 4

1649 m 45,980 17 6

1058 - *9.759 *3 4

1058 m 29,814 8 4

484 - 10,773 1 8

*" 484 - 10,77 3 11 8

484 - 10,773 11 8

484 10,919 11 8

484 10,773 11 8

m 484 - 10,773 11 8

484 - 10,773 11 8

- 484 - 10,773 il 8

mm 484 10,773 11 8

484 - 10,773 11 8

- 484 - 10,773 11 8

484 - 10,773 11 8

- 484 10,773 11 8

mm 484 10,773 11 8

' - 484 a. 10,773 11 8

- 484 10,773 11 8

484 - 10,773 11 8

".993

482 9>336 7 11

m 1040 * 18,067 10 —

1,521

m - - 32,218 16 —

a* m m 10,000 —

- mm m 17,666

TOTAL.

82,879 8

i-

147,844 15 3

45.793 *

188,851 17 6

27.403 11

52,218 16 —

624,992 — 2

Barriryton,

VOL. 32.

7 Q

608 \6° Januarii. 1770.

E S TIM A T E of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations and , including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1769 to the 24th December 1770, both Days inclusive; being 365 Days.

lieutenant General Webb's Regiment of Foot

Lieutenant General Sand ford's -

Major General Keppel's -Colonel Gisborne's -

Sir John Sebright's

Earl of Panmure's - *

Colonel Scott's -Colonel Evelyn's -

Major General Oughton's - *

Lieutenant General Leighton's -Major General Pierson's -

Major General Clavering's Major General Owe«’s -Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions Colonel Pomeroy's -Colonel fyackay's -Lord Adam Gordon's

Major General Lambton's

Lieutenant Colonel O'Hara's Corps

Garrisons in JVor/£ America; viz.

Quebec, Montreal ', St. Augustine, , and

South Carolina - -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, 5/. John's

in Newfoundland, Louijbourg, St. John's Island, Providence, and Bermudas - -

Garrisons in the Islands of Grenada. St. Vincetit, Dominica, and Tobago Officers serving with the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account -

M I N OC A.

Marquis of Lome's 2d Battalion Major General Murray's Foot- -

Lord George Lennox's - -.

Earl of Eglington's -

Officers of the Garrisons, -

GIBRALTAR.

Colonel Clinton's Regiment of Foot - .

Colonel Boyd's -

Colonel Ual/h's -Colonel Cuninghame's -

Officers of the Garrison, (Ac.

Provisions for Fifteen Battalions of Foot in North America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, (Ac. deducing per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and Private Man, towards that Expence, .

Remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar -Provisions for the Regiments in the Ceded islands Provisions for Lieutenant Colonel O'Hara's Corps serving in Africa, deducting 2*- per Diem from each Non-

commissioned Officer and Private Man, towards that Expence,

Remains to be borne by the Government -

Numbers.

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

69

4*4

484

484

484

214

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

484

Total

9,411

L936

1,936

*3*283

Pay of the Regiments, (Ac. for 365 Days.

10.773

*°,773 *°»773 *o»773 *o,77d *°»773 1 °»7 7 3 IO>773 IO>7 73 *o»773 *0.773 *o.773

10.773 21,802 *o,773 *o,773 *o,773

*0,773

4,170

11 11

it

11

8 8

8 8

it 8 11 8 11 8 11 8 11 it it 11 ti

*3

11

11

11

11

2

8

8

8

8

8

4

8

8

8,

8

6

10,518 1 8

10.773 11 8

10.773 11 3

10.773 11 8

10.773 11 8

10.773 it 8

10.773 11 8

10.773 11 8

22,242 3 9

21,520 9 7*

9,752 6 10b

2,321 14 10*

War Office, 16th January 1770.

TOTAL.

*09,123 14 4 3»558 *5 — 3,044 -

2,786 3 4

9»325 *5 —

4,000-----

41,838 16 8

5,89° 3 9

43,094 6 S

3,749 12 —

55.836 *5 *

383,248 i 1 It

Barrington.

10 Geo. III.

15* Januafii. 6op

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Iriflt Establishmentl of Five Battalions and Four Companies of Foot serving in the Isle of at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, from 25th December 1769 to 24th December ltfo, both inclusive} being 365 Days.

- Numbers, Pay for 365 Days. Difference.

Marquis of Lorn’s First Battalion, according to the British Establishment - -- -- --Paid by Ireland for this Battalion - - Difference <- 484 m 10,773 11 8 9»94i 7 3 - ~ &32 4

Lieutenant General Montague's Regiment, the same - - 484 4 832 4 5

Major General Gore's, the same ---- 484 mm - 4 i

Major General Co/vill's, the same - - - - 484 — ok m 83* 4 5

Major General Trapaud's, the same - - - 484 4 ' A. - 832 4 5

Four Companies of Major General Browne's Regiment* with the usual Staff Officers ----- Paid by Ireland for these Companies - - - - Difference - - - 213 4,322 19 2 4,150 8 7 i 372 10, 7

Total 2>633 4.533 12 8

War Office, 16th January 1770.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 17.70.-

> r

For 365 Days, ... — -

General and General Staff Officers - - - *8 6£

1 ' 1 ,t /

War Office, 16th January 1770.

Barrington»

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay for 363 Days, for the Year 1776, to OfEcets reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies* and who remained on Half Pay at the 24th December 1765.

» 16 Captains, at iOj. each per Diem ---14 Lieutenants, at 4 s.8 d.each per Diem - - - - -6 Ensigns, at 3 s,8 d. each per Diem **-- Per Dim. For 365 Days.

8 3 5 4 1 2 — 2,920 — — 1,192 6 8 401 10 — 1

' I- 12 7 4 4,513 16 8

War Office, 16 th January 1770*

Vol. 32.

Ordered,

6io 169 JamtariL. A. 1770.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Om, &c. Ordered; That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from Exportation, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-. ferred to consider of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit for a further Time, the Exportation of Coro, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch j and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and W-heat Flour.

Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House } which he read in his Place*} and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read} and is as followethj viz.

' Resolved, That it lithe Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, -Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour,-Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, be continued.

The said Resolution being Tead a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. , the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr.. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Inquiry Ordered, That Dr. of Plymouth, do attend

relative to the this House upon Monday the 29th Day of this Instant late Peace. January.

Cattle The Lord North presented to the House, according Distemper to Order, a Bill for indemnifying all Persons, with re-I°<fflfIUty speft to advising, or carrying into Execution, His Majesty’s Orders of Council, made for preventing the Spreading of a contagious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for-rendering the same valid and effectual; and for preventing Suits in Consequence thereof} and to authorize the continuing, extending,-and executing the fame, for a further Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, that an Act made in the

Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. Duties An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Fort-

night, the ill Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Hard and Soft Soap made in England, from Midsummer 1766 to 1769}

distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Candles made in England, from Midsummer 1766 to Midsummer 1769}, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties on Hard and Soft Soap made in Englartd from Midsummer 1766 to Midsummer 1769; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties on Candles, from Midsummer 1766 to Midsummer 1769} distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tallow imported into England, from Christmas 1765 to Christmas 1769.] distinguishing

each Year, and the Foreign Tallow from the lrifli, together with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tallow exported from England, from Christmas 1765 to Christmas 1769} distinguishing each Year and each Sort, together with the Drawback, paid thereon.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Com, tcc. der,a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the last Session E*Poftat‘°<k of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch} and also the Extraction ol Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Estimate; Address to His Majesty, Ordnance.

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1770, Land Service.

.And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth} viz.

ESTIMATE

io Geo. III.

16° Januarii.

611

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1770.

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges -

"'Gibraltar and North Britain Minorca -

St. John's., , Car boniere, Trinity

Harbour, and Placentia, in Newfoundland Annapolis Royal -

Eafi Florida -

lVeJl Florida -

Granada, DoTobago, St. , and

other ceded Islands -Quebec -

New York -

Senegal and Senegambia -Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confining of 1791 Men, Officers included - -

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich - -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -

Pay of Mailer Gunners and Gunners of the several Garrisons in Great Britain -

Pay of an Inspector of Artillery for North America, Newfoundland, and the West India Islands -

Pay of an Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca ——

To Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Cleaveland, in Consideration of his Services, till such Time as he shall be intitled to the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel in the Regiment of Artillery -To Lieutenant General William Belford, for his good Services To John Chalmers, Esquire, late Major of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services - -

To Lieutenant Colonel William Roy, Engineer, for surveying the Coasts of Great Britain, and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging -

To Colonel Thomas Defaguliers, for his extraordinary Services at the Siege of Pallais in Belleifle, and upon several Expeditions -

To Captain Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, for his good Services upon several Extraordinary Occasions, pursuant to His Majesty’s Wai-rant, 10 March 1769 -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the East and West Indies, with the Half Pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions -

EXTRA ORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, building and repairing Storehouses at

Gibraltar -

Minorca -

St. John's, Ferryland, and Tri-

nity Harbour in Newfoundland

Towards repairing the Fortifications and Barracks in Scotland Towards repairing the Sea Wharfing at Sheerness -Towards repairing the Fortifications at Portsmouth and Gofpor Towards completing the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel To finish the Magazines for Gunpowder, and other Buildings necessary thereto, at Purfleet in Essex -A Supply of Stores and Materials, demanded for Gibraltar -Timber and other Stores, demanded by the Governor of Senegal and Senegambia ——

Two hundred Tons of Salt Petre - -

Vol. 32,

Carried over

l. s. d. C d.

36,256 12 6 i»°47 5 — 1,297 2 6

1,099 11 3 611 7 6 657 967 5 —

1,076 15 — 843 10 — 310 5 — 1.113 5 — 8,093 17 6

58,342 4 a 1,000 — — 867 5 —

5,648 7 6

456 5 —

.365

915 — 328 10 —

*73 15 —

365

456 5 "

365 %

9,781 14 7 1 13^7*4 7 6

6,800 2 — 5»i55 5 6

500 — — 2.000 1.000 1.000 — 300

1,952 4,044 1 4 I

3.318 14 1 9,000 — 35»27° 3 1*

166,984 11 5 Expence

i6* Januaril

612

Brought over

£ s. d.

Expence of Services performed, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1769.

Pay of Officers at the Settlement of Halifax in Nova from

I January to' 31 December 1769, and Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, for.carrying on the current Service

Pay of Officers and Supernumerary Men of the Royal Regiment of Artillery at the ceded Islands, from 1 January to 3 ift December 1769, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 25 June 1766 -

Arms delivered to the Third Regiment of Dragoon Guards, the First and Third Regiments of Foot Guards, the Second, Fourth, Twelfth, Thirty-ninth, Sixtieth, Sixty-eighth, and Sixty-ninth Regiments of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 9 November and 19 December 1768, 31 23 , 6 and

27 March, 28 April, 22 July, 19 August, and 4 1769 -

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants,

II 'April, 15 and 19 May 1769 -

Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties

of York, Cambridge, Gloucester, and Devon, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 17 and 29 A23 and 8 September

i?69 _ -

Ammunition delivered to Forty-one Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 18 May 1763 -

To Captain Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, for his good Services upon several extraordinary Occasions, from 1 January to 31 December 1769, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 10 March 1769 Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Pay Masters of the Trains of Artillery in North , on Account of

the Staff and Contingencies, for 1769 -

1. York - 800 — —

Quebec - - 746 10 9

East Florida - 770 13 7

West Florida - 1,393 5 10

Money issued for building Barracks and Hospitals, for the Troops

and Ordnance Storehouses, and also defraying Incidents at Grenada, St. Vincent, Tobago, and other ceded Islands The Charge of Freight and Provisions, for Two Companies of Artillery carried from England to East and West Florida, also of bringing Two Companies back from thence - -

The Charge of Freight and Provisions for Two Companies of Artillery, carried from England to Minorca, and bringing One Company back from thence ' -

Bedding sent to Newfoundland, for Use of the Fifty-ninth Regiment of Foot doing Duty at St. John's and pursuant

to His Majesty’s Warrant 31 May 1769 -

Bedding sent to Minorca, for Use ,of Six Regiments of Foot and Four Companies of Artillery doing Duty there, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 31 July 1769 -

Paid for building an Office of Ordnance in St. Margaret's Lane, fVefminster - - -. - -

Money ifl'ued to answer Bilk of Exchange, drawn on Account of " Works and lncidents at Senegal and Senegambia -

The Charge of Engineers and Assistants, sent to survey the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, which are under the Management of the Committee of Merchants trading the re, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 21 April 1769 -

1,028 17 jS 669 3 4

3,621 5 11

471 9 2

2 >43* 3 4

2,013 19 6

365----

8,140-----

3,710 10 a 5,891 4 8

3,268 1 11 1

*>433 13 9

263 11 9

1,886 1 6

3,068 14 5 1,864 3 9

806 10 — £

A. 1770.

£ 166,984 u $

40,933 10 8

207,918 a 1

."Mb

H. S. Conway, Charles Frederick, A. R. Earle, Chef,

Ordered,

A

1

JO Geo. III. 7° — 2 a0 — 23° Jamarii.

Ordered, That the said Estimate da lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

! Mercurii, 170 die Januarii;

| Anno 10® Georgii III*1 Regis, 1770.

the Speaker T ''HE Members being met j

feomniness The C,erk informed the House, That Mr. p attend the Speaker was taken ill, and so much out of order that it Services of was impossible for him to attend the Service of the the House. House: That Mr. Speaker had sent for him into his Bedchamber about an Hour ago, and deGred him to express, in the rood grateful Terms, his dutiful Acknowlege-ment to the House, of the great Kindness they had always shewn him, and the Assistance they had given him in the Execution of his Office: That he was extremely sorry that the Public BuGness should meet with any Delay upon his Account, but that he found himself so very ill, and the Nature of his Complaint such, as to make it impossible for him to ascertain when he should be again able to attend his Duty: That he therefore, with great. Concern, mud intreat the House to excuse him at present from any further Attendance on their Service: That Mr. Speaker would have written a Letter to have made his Excuses to the House, but was unable, from the State of Weakness he was in: That he therefore re-» peatedly deGred the Clerk to express his dutiful Thanks to the House for their kind Acceptance of his former Services, and his great Concern that his State of Health should be the Cause of the least Interruption to the Bu-fjness of the Public.

After the Delivery of the said Me Gage, and before any Member speke, the Mace was brought into the House by the Serjeant, and laid under the Table.

The Lord North then acquainted the House, That there had been no Opportunity of informing His Majesty of Mr. Speaker’s illness; and therefore moved to adjourn till Monday Morning next.

After a ffiort Debate, Whether the House should adjourn to Monday or only to Friday next, the Clerk (to whom all that spoke directed themselves, according to former Pra&ice) by Order of the House, put the Question for adjourning till Monday:

And the House adjourned accordingly until Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce 220 die;

Anno 10° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1770. Prayers.

MR. Serjeant came, and brought the Mace, and laid it under the Table.

Then the Lord Farrington (addressing himself to the Clerk, who, {landing up, pointed to him, and then fat down) spake as followeth:

Mr. Halfell,

I am commanded by the King to inform this House, that Sir John Cujl hath sent him Word, that he is prevented by IndifpoGtion attending the Service of the House as Speaker; and I am further commanded by His Majesty to say, That in order that there may be no Delay in Public BuGness, He gives Leave to this House to proceed to the Choice of a new Speaker.

After the Delivery of which Message to the House, Vox,. 32.

King’s Pleasure signified for the House to chuse a Speaker, instead of Sir J. Cult, rcGgned.

The Lord North flood up, and addressing himself in Choice like Manner to the Clerk, proposed to the House for s their Speaker, the Right honourable Sir Fletcher , *f*

in which Motion he was seconded by the Right honourable Richard Rigby.

Whereupon arose a Debate.

And the Right honourable ’Thomas Townsend was proposed by the Lord John Cavendish, who was seconded by the Lord George Sackville: °

And thereupon the said Sir Fletcher Norton and the said Mr. Townshend respectively addressed themselves to the House.

And after a Debate in relation to both the said Persons, the Question was put by the Clerk,

That the Right honourable Sir Fletcher Norton do take the Chair of this House as Speaker.

The Clerk declared the Yeas had it.

The House was divided.

The Yeas on the Right Hand. *

The Noes on the Left.

The Tellers were appointed by the Clerk j For the Yeas,

Dr. William Burrell - - - 237.

For the Noes,

Mr. Hot ham - - - - 121.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Whereupon the said Sir Fletcher Norton was conducted SirF. Norton to the Chair by the said Lord North and Mr. Rigby. chosen

Where being placed, he expressed himself truly fen- Speaker. Gble of the high Honour the House had been pleased to confer upon him.

And then the Mace was laid upon the Table.

Afterward the Lord Barrington spake as followeth:

Mr. Speaker, Thc R.

His Majesty hath commanded me to inform this appoints a House, That it is His Majesty’s Pleasure, that this Time for the House should present their Speaker to His Majesty To- Speaker to be morrow at One o’Clock at Noon, in the House of Peers, for His Royal Approbation.

Then Mr. Speaker elect put the Question for adjourn? ing the House until Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the

Clock} which being agreed to, the House was adjourned accordingly i and Mr. Speaker elect went away without the Mace before him.

Mortis, 23° die Januarii;

Anno io® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

AMeffage from His Majesty by Sir Francis Moly-neust. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers j where Mr. Speaker elect was presented to His Majesty for Hi? Royal Approbation: And,

Then the Right honourable William Lord Mansfield, Lord Chief Justice of His. Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, and Speaker of the House of Peers, after receiving Directions from His Majesty, signified His Majesty’s Approbation of Mr. Speaker elect.

The House being returned *

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty Was pleased to approve the Choice they had made of him to be their Speaker.

And then Mr. Speaker again thanked the House for the Honour they had done him, begged their Assistance and Support in the Discharge of the Duty of his Office;

and

Message to attend the King.

Choice of Speaker approved.

King’s

Approbation

reported.

614 23* Januarii. A. 1770.

Liverpool

Theatre.

Ditto.

Norwich

to

Watton

Road.

Ditto.

Nar River Navigation.

and assured them he would conduct himself with the strictest Impartiality, and endeavour to supply by Affi-duity and Diligence, what he wanted in Experience and Abilities.

A Petition of William Gibson was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That a licensed Theatre, in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, would be very convenient and advantageous to the said Town; and that the Petitioner has, at a great Expence, fitted up a Building the re in the most commodious Manner, and furnished it proper for the Purpose of a Playhouse: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, to grant Letters Patent, to license a Playhouse or Theatre in the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Meredith, and Mr. Penant do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Common Council, and Burgesses, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancet fier, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Petition; and setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, a licensed Theatre would be a great Advantage to the Town; as well as very agreeable and convenient to great Numbers of People of Fortune and ©iftinftion resorting the reto: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich: And also,

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Principal Owners, and other Inhabitants of the several Towns and Villages in the County of Norfolk, contiguous to, and through which, the Road hereafter mentioned lieth;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Wat-ton, in the said County of Norfolk, to the City of Norwich, is in a very ruinous Condition, especially in the Winter Season, and in many Places very narrow, incommodious, and dangerous, and cannot- be amended, widened, and kept in good repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and repairing the Great Road, from the Gate called Stephen's Gate, in the City of Norwich, leading over Earlham Bridge, through to Wat-

ton, in the County of Norfolk, for such Term, in such Manner, by such Means, and with such Powers, as the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. De Grey, Mr. Jackson, ice.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Spelman, Clerk, foie Proprietor of the Tolls and Duties arising from the Navigation of the River Nar, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, to Westacre, in the County of Norfolk, certain

Tolls were granted, and Power given to borrow Money at

on the Credit thereof; and that the Sum of 3,500 has been borrowed, and duly expended in making the said River navigable, and, for securing the Repayment thereof W'ith interest, did legally veil the said Tolls in the several Subscribers or Proprietors of the said 3,500; that the Petitioner has purchased of the several Proprietors or Subscribers their several Shares and Interests in the said Tolls, lo that the sole Property thereof is now legally vested in the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, redeemable only on Payment of the said Sum of £. 3,500, together with Interest for the same; and that the said principal Sum still remains due to the Petitioner, and a further Sum of 1,217. 19J. for many Years Interest thereof, up to the Third Day of December last, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of £.4717. 19J. and that the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have declined to act any further in carrying the said Act into Execution; by Means whereof, the said Navigation is greatly obstructed, and in feme Parts the River lilted up, Dams broke down. Sluices decayed, and other Works rendered entirely useless; so that the Benefit and Advantage intended by the said Act will be totally loft to the Public, and the Petitioner be a great Sufferer in his Property, contrary to the Intention of the Legislature, unlfefs the said Act be amended, and the several Powers thereby granted be not only rendered more effectual, but enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made and passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his kte Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River Nar navigable from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, to Westacre, in the County of Norfolk, and to enlarge the Powers granted by the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. De Grey, Sir Edward Act ley,

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Alderman Trecothick presented to the House, ac- Salted cording to Order, a^ Bill to continue for a further Time, Beef, See. to be limited, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom- Supply, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for continuing an Act made in the last Session Corn, &c. of Parliament, to prohibit for a further Time, the Ex- Exportation, portation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch; and alto the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill.

ie

Cattle

Oillemper;

Indemnity

Bill.

Lord

Sackrille’s

Kaidc.

New

Chappie,

See.

Road,

Norwich to T rowfe

Roads.

Norwich

to

Swaffham,

&v.

Roads.

io Geo. III. 23° Januarii. 6i c

A Bill for indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advising, or carrying into Execution, His Majesty’s Orders of Council, made for preventing the Spreading of a contagious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual j and for preventing Suits in Consequencfe thereof; and to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the fame, for a further Time, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable the Right honourable George Sack-ville, commonly called Lord George , and his

Issue Male, to take, and use, the Surname of,

pursuant to the Will of the Right honourable the Lady Elizabeth Germain, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darner, Mr. Sandys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the Counties of Sussex and Surrey, residing near and usually travelling the High Roads herein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Half Moon, at New Chappie, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sufex, through Turners over Hapfield Green, and from thence across Lywood Common, through the Town of Undfield, and over another Common, called Haywoods Heath, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling is be-

come so ruinous, that in the Winter Season some Parts thereof are impassable for Carriages, and very dangerous for Travellers on Horseback, and in many Places so narrow as to render the same very incommodious and dangerous: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Darner, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Harbord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending the Road, from Stephen's Gate, in the City of Norwich, to a Place called Block Hill, in Trozvfe, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and other Principal Inhabitants, of the City of j and also of

the Principal Inhabitants of Matlishall, in the County of Norfolkywhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a certain. Lane, in the County of the City of Norwich, called Hangman's Lane -, and also the Road leading from a certain Bridge, called Halfpeny in Honingham,

in the County of Norfolk, to Mattishall aforesaid, and through Matlishall’, to the Bounds of Yaxham, are, from

'the Narrowness in many Places, the Nature of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages and Cattle which pass thereon, oftentimes very ruinous and deep, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws now in Force; and that the said Lane called s Lane,

Vol. 3*.

and the said RoacJ leading from a Bridge called Halfpeny Bridge, do communicate with, and join to the 'great Road from Norwich to Swaffham: And therefore praying, That, in case the House should give Leave to bring m a Bill for repairing and widening the aforesaid Road from Norwich to Swaffham, the said Lane called Hangman's Lane, and the said Road from a Bridge called Halfpeny Bridge, to and through Mattishall, may be included in such Bill; or that the House will give the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harbord, Mr. Webb, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentle- Norwich men. Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, who to live near the several Highways or Roads, leading from Swaffham* the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County of R0adi. Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Road leading from the Gates of the City of Norwich, called Saint Benedict's Gates, to Swaffham aforesaid, through Heigham, Earlbam, Costeffey, - thorpe, Easton, Honningham, EastTuddenham, Hocker-

ing, North Tuddenham, East Dereham, Seaming, -ling, Great Fransham, Little Franfttam,

and Swaffham, from the Nature of the Soil, the Narrowness thereof in many Places, and by reason of the great Number of heavy Carriages and Cattle passing through the fame, are oftentimes very deep and ruinous, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Gentlemen, Ditto. Clergy, and other Principal Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having \ Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declara- takes Oathv tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration $ and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House, an Account of his Qualification; and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Petition was read} Setting forth. That Norwich the Road leading from the Gates of the City of Nor- to wich, called St. Benedict's Gates, to Swaffham, in the Swa^am* County of Norfolk, through East on, Honningham, -

ing, North Tuddenham, East Dereham, Seaming, Great.

Fran/ham, Little Fransham, NeCl, and Sporle, are from the Nature of the Soil, the Narrowness thereof, in some Places, and the many heavy Carriages and Cattle passing through the fame, oftentimes very deep and ruinous, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred:

And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as thpy shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, was presented Cireacefier to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at the Election, Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament

7 S for

v

A. 1770

616 vC — 24° Januariu

iOr the Borough of Cirenin the County of oefter, the Petitioner, and also EJlcourt Cre/well and James Whitshed, Esquires, were Candidates, and Ckaunler Ready, Gentleman, Steward, and 'timothy,

Gentleman, Bailiff of the said Borough, presided as Returning Officers; and that the Petitioner was elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to' have been re-i turned as One of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; but the said John Chaun/er and timothy Lewis, behaved very partially in Favour of the said EJlcourt Cre/well and James Whitffied, and admitted several Persons to vote for them, who had no / Right to poll, and refused to admit the Votes of several Persons who had an undoubted Right to poll, and offered their Votes for the Petitioner} by which illegal and unwarrantable Practices, the said EJlcourt Crefwel/t and James Whitjbed, were returned, in Exclusion, and to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Elections of/Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration j and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard «t the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard «t the Bar of this House, upon the 20th Day of

February next.

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-Nation. ing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation*

Addrefi Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to ^American5' His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleated to give Colonies. Directions, that there be laid before this Hous<^ Copies of the Establishment of the Judges of the Admiralty, and of the Commissioners of the Customs, in North America, and of the several Officers under them, with their respective Salaries; and also of such Pensions as have been granted out of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs arising the re, together with the incidental and contingent Expences attending the Collection of the said Revenue, since the 7th Day of September 1767, so far as they can be made up.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of* the Custom House Establishment in North America, with the Salaries of the Officers employed therein, from the jth Day of January 1764 to the 5th Day of January 1767.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Cofoni«n Account of the Duties collected in North America since eomes. the 7th Day of September 1767, distingurshing those arising from an Act made in the 7th Year of His pre-fcDt Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in . America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon Exportation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen*wate exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations.

Committee* Ordered, That all Committees be revived, revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriij 24* die"fanuarii;

Anno 10° Georgii III,rt Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

f \ R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker doifiue his War- Litchf.eW rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of , in the County of Stafford, in the room of Thomas Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

A Petition of the Overseers of the Poor, and several Saffron Hit other Inhabitants, of the Liberty of Saffron Hill, - Workhauts ton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Poor of the said Liberty have, ever since the Year 1730, been maintained, in a House or Houses on Saffron Hill, within the said Liberty, commonly called the Workhouse, at the foie Charge of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty only; and that the said Workhouse is now in a very decayed Condition, and is only hired or rented for a very short Time; and that the Petitioners are desirous of purchasing Ground, in or near the said Liberty, and of building a suitable and convenient House thereon, for the maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Liberty, and are willing that Money sufficient to pay for such Purchase, and for the building such House, and all othSr Charges incident thereto, be raised, by a Tax upon the Petitioners, and all other the Inhabitants and Occupiers for the Time being, of Houses, Shops, Ware-houses, and Tenements, within the said Liberty, by an equal Pound Rate: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to take such Methods for enabling such of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty as* the House shall think proper, to purchase Ground or Houses in or near the said Liberty, and to build a House for the Purposes aforesaid, and to raise Money sufficient (0 pay for such Ground and Building,

’ and all other Charges incident thereto, or otherwise to do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to th# Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burke, Mr. Cornwall, See.: .

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwarden, Over- st. Andrew, seers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Pa- Holborn,*c rish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, ,whose Names Workhouse. are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of* themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Poor of the said Parish have been, ever since the Year 1728, maintained in an House, formerly Two Houses in Shoe Lane, within the said Parish, commonly called the Workhouse, at the foie Charge of the Inhabitants; and that some few Years ago, the said House, having been greatly damaged and decayed, was in great Need of being rebuilt; and thatj in the Year 1764, the Churchwarden and Overseers of the Poor con-' traded with the Person then, in Possession of the said

House,

ShaJwell

Poor.

io Geo. III. 240 Jamarii. 61 j

House, and the Ground whereon it Hood, for a Term mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it of Seventy Years, at a Yearly Rent of Twelve Pounds, shall appear to them, to the House: to pull down the said old House, and in the Place there- And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant , MA Caven-of to build a new Workhouse, for the Use of the said dish, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five.

Parish, and to grant a Lease thereof, when built* to of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber and have the Churchwarden and Overseers of the Poor of the said Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

Parish for the Time being, for a Term of Forty

Years, at a Rent to be ascertained, in the Manner men- A Petition of was presented to CaJlL'er’*

tioned in the said Contract; and that a new Workhouse the House.

has been accordingly built, at an Expence of £. 1,70a And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having A Member and upwards, and a Lease was thereof granted to the taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Decla- takes Oath*. Churchwarden and Overseers of the Poor of the said ration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjura-Parish, and their Successors, for the Term of 39 Years, tion; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House, at the clear yearly Rent of £. 131; and that, by such an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed Contract and Lease, it is agreed, that, on Payment of the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made the Sum of £. 1,700 within the Time and in Manner for those Purposes;

therein mentioned, the said Workhouse, and the said The said Petition was read; Praying, That Leave Caillier’s Term of 70 Years therein, subject to the Twelve Pounds may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. "* a Year Rent, should be assigned to the Churchwarden Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, for the cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ' Time being, and their Successors, for the Use of the Mr. Gray and Sir Dolben do prepare, and bring

laid Parish; and that the Petitioners are desirous of pay- in, the lame, ing the said Sum of £. 1,700 for the Purchase of the

laid Workhouse, for the now Remainder of the said A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Brandon

Term of 70 Years, subject to the said yearly Rent of Farmers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Bridge,

Twelve Pounds} and are willing that Money sufficient Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, was presented to the Barton

to pay for the fame, and all Charges incident thereto, House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road lead- Mills,

be raised by a Tax on the Petitioners, and all other the ing from Brandon, in the Coui^y of to Barton Road.

Inhabitants, and Occupiers, for the Time being, of Mills, in the same County, and also a Part of the Road

Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and Tenements, within leading from Brandon aforesaid, to Bury St. in

the said Parish: And therefore praying the House, to the said County, are, in their present Situation, very

take the Premises into Consideration, and to take such dangerous, and cannot be properly amended and kept

Methods for enabling such of the Inhabitants of the in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And there-

said Parish as the House shall think proper to pay for fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a

the said Messuage called the Workhouse, in Shoe Lane, Bill for attending and repairing the Great Road, from

for the Remainder of the said Term of 70 Years there- Brandon to Barton Mills, and also the Di fiance

in, for the Use of the said Parish, and to raise Money of Three Miles of the Great Road, from

sufficient for that Purpose, and all other Charges inci- towards Bury St. Edmonds aforesaid, for such Terms, i»

dent thereto, or otherwise to do therein as to the House such Manner, by such Means, and with such Powers,

shall seem meet. as to the House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conf deration of the Committee to whom the preceding Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Mat- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall ap- shall appear to them, to the House: pear to them, to the House. And it is referred to Sir John Rous, Sir Edward Act*

ley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have the Poor, and of several Inhabitants, of the Parish of Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That A Bill to continue for a further Time to be limited, an Salted

the said Parish is very populous, and the Houses there- " Ad made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Beet, &c.

in, in a great Measure, occupied by poor Manufacturers Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act

and labouring. Persons, whereby the Parish Poor are be- madein the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

come very numerous; and that many Houses within the intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

said Parish are let out in separate Apartments, and do not Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time,

pay any Thing towards the Poors Rates, nor have the and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Petitioners Power to compel the Landlords or Lease- Bacon, and Butter, from the Dominions in Arne*

holders of such divided Houses to pay the said Rates; rica, for a limited Time, was read a Second Time, and that, if Power was given, for better Regulating, RThat the Bill be committed. Maintaining, Employing, and Governing the Poor Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee within the said Parish, and for charging the several of the whole House.

Landlords and Leaseholders (who so divide their said Resolved, That this House will, To- morrow Morning,

Houses), with the Payment of the Poors Rates, it would resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fjoufe, tend greatly to the Benefit of the said Parish, and to the upon the said Bill.

Health, Welfare, and Preservation, of the Poor therein;

and that the Workhouse belonging to the said Parish is A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, licester so old and ruinous, that it is absolutely necessary the Land Owners, and Inhabitants, residing in and near to same should be taken down and rebuilt, and that the the several Parishes and Vills of Bicester, in the County Petitioners should be enabled to purchase Ground, for of Oxford, Quar-

building a new one in a more commodious Manner: rendon, and Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was pre-And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Road to and from the Parishes and Vills aforesaid, bc-Regulations as to the House shall seem meet. tween Bicester, in the County of Oxford, and Aylesbury,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the in the County of Bucks, is greatly out of Repair, and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- in many Places‘narrow and incommodious, and in You 3?. Time

Ijnlithgow

Jileftion.

Corn, &;c. E xportation,

618 34° Janl77°'

Time of Floods and great Rains, for Want of Bridges and safe Fords, are in tome Parts dangerous, and often impaflatJle; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law *. And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair the said Road, from , in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks aforesaid, and to render the same more safe and commodious for travelling, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord , Mr. , &c.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of fames Dundas, of , Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgow, Mr. John , Second Son of the honourable Charles Hope Weir, of C-raigiehall, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, previous to the said Election, undue Means were used to procure a Majtyity of the Electors in Favour of the said Mr. John Hope, and that great Partiality was committed at adjusting the Roll of Freeholders upon the Day of Election, by admitting Three Persons to vote for the said Mr. John Hope, who at that Time, and do still stand excluded from the Roll by a final Judgment of the Court of Session, which Court has the supreme Cogni- zance of the Qualifications of Freeholders, by several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made; and that in the same Manner, several Persons, who claimed to be enrolled upon most unexceptionable Titles, were arbitrarily refused to be enrolled, particularly the Claims of Three Persons, who voted under Protest for the Petitioner, were refused, although the pretended Objections to their Qualifications have been over-ruled by an unanimous Judgment of the Court of Session, and their Names arc ordained to be inrolled in the Lift of Freeholders} and that by these, and other improper Methods taken? previous to, and at the Time of the late Election, there were? in Appearance, Twenty Votes for the said Mr. John Hope, and only Fifteen Votes for the Petitioner; and under Colour of such pretended Majority, the said Mr. John Hope did procure himself to be'returned as Knight of the said Shire, although in Fact he was not duly elected, and the Petitioner bad a clear Majority of unexceptionable Votes at the said Election: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as the Circumstances of this same ap--pear to merit; and to do further therein, as shall appear meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar*of this House, upon Monday the 12 th Day of Marxh next.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Sheriff,

,an,d Common Council, of the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was.presented to the House, and read; Expref-sing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, that, if the

EritijiiPorts be opened for the Exportation of Corn, a great Scarcity and advanced Price would be occasioned thereby: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do'lie upon the Table.

»4

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold- Card-gn ers, of the County of Cardigan, whole Names are there-unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Roads leading from the Town of Newcastle, on the Borders of the County of then, to the Town of Cardigan, and from the said Town of Newcastle, to Troedyr Oyre, and also from Bridge, on the Borders of the County of Car mar then, to the Town of Cardigan, and also from. Bridge,

on the Borders of the County of Pembroke, to the Town of Cardigan, and from the Town of , to the

Town of Lampeter, and from the Town of,

to Lampeter Bridge, and also from the Town of Lampeter, by the Village of Talfarn, to the Town of with, and also from the said Town of Cardigan, by a certain Place called Aberayron, to the said Town of Aberystwith, and from the said Town of Aberyftwilk, to Llifnant, in the Parish of Llaitfihangel at the

Borders of the County of Montgomery, on the Road leading to the Town of Machynlleth, and also from the said Town of Aberyjhvith, to a certain Place called Pen-ryhn, in the Parish of Llanfihangel Generglynn, at the Borders of the County of Merioneth, on the Road leading to Aberdovey, and also from the said Town of Abe-

ryjlwith, to a certain Place in the Parish of Llanbadern vawr, called Steddva, at the Borders of the County of Montgomery, on the Road leading to the Town of Llanidloes, and also from the said Town of Aberystwith, to the Extremity of the County of Cardigan, at the Borders of the County of Radnor, on the Road leading to the Town of Rayader, and from the Town of Lampeter, by the Town of Tregaron, to the Extremity of the County of Cardigan, on the Road leading to the said Town of Rayader, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, dangerous and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened, and rendered commodious, by the present Methods provided by Law; and that putting the said several Roads in good Repair will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said several Roads, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:;

And it is referred to Lord Lijburne, Lord Beauchamp,

&c.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Drummond presented to the House, according to Thetford Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an to Act, for amending the Road from Bridge, Newm^kei

in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to °a the North East End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge-, and for amending the Road from Stow Heath, in the County of Suffolk, to Brandon Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed. That Mr. Seddon, from Westminfh the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Bridge.

Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in ;.and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, '

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from* the 8th Day of February. 1769, to the 17th Day of January 1770, inclu-live: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners- for building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Day of

Accounts; fcxxip, Sec*

Schneider’s

Nat.

Com, &c. Exportation.

Supply.

io Geo. III. 24®

October 1768 to the 5th Day of J 1770; together with a Rent Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents received, which grew due from 5th 1768 to 5th July 1769.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said State and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, th, at Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Hard and Soft Soap made in England, from Midsummer 1766 to Midsummer 1769; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Candles made in dandy from Midsummer 1766 to Midsummer 1769; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Du-ties on Hard and Soft Soap made in England, from Midsummer 1766 to Midsummer 1769; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty on Candles, from Midsummer 1766 to 1769; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to discon* tinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Walsh presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Naturalizing John And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the ExtradVion of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the (kid Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-grofled.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ' consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty j

Vol. 32.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His M^efty’s Hand Forces in Great Britain, from 25th 'December 176,9 to 24th De-

cember 1770, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1769 to 24th December 1770, both Days io-elusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee. c

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and brish Establish* ments of Five Battalions and Four Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibr, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, from 25th December 1769 to 24th December 1770, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for, the Year 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay for 365 Days, for the Year 1770, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the 24th December 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay, and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1770, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Cattle ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Distemper; House, upon the Bill for indemnifying all Persons, with In respect to advising, or carrying into Execution, His Majesty’s Orders of Council, made for preventing the Spreading of a contagious Distemper amongst the.

7 T Horned

Holland

Fen

Indofuifeb

Scawby

Inclosure.

620 24* — 25

Horned Cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual; and for preventing Suits in Consequence thereof; and to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the fame, for a further Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 25* die Januarii \

Anno io* Georgii III*a Regis, 1770, Prayers.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing a certain Fen, called the Haute Huntre, Eight Hundr, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have divided and allotted the said Fen, according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Polls and Rails, for many Miles in the Division Fences, which have been erected pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, have been pulled down, and the greatest Part thereof destroyed, together with great Part of the Materials for completing the said Fencing; and that, if the Petitioners were empowered to take down the Remainder of the Poll and Rail Fencing already erected on the said Fen, or such Part thereof as shall be found necessary, and to dispose of the fame, and of such Polls and Rails as have been pulled down and not destroyed, and the Materials provided for completing the said Division Fences which have not yet been made Use of, and, in Lieu thereof, to make Ditches of a sufficient Width and Depth, it would more effectually answer the Intention Of the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said Act as directs and limits the particular Method of making the Division Fences, and for empowering the Petitioners to make proper Ditches to serve for Boundaries to the several Allotments, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Bertie, Lord

John Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Edward Nelthorpe, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Scawby, in the County of Lincoln, and Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish Church, and Impropriator of the Great Tithes, of Scawby aforesaid, and also Proprietor of great Part of the Lands lying in the said Parish; and of John Empson, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish Church of Scawby aforesaid; and of Joseph Barnet, John Barnet, Roger Leadbetter, Thomas Bird, James Parker, and others, remaining Proprietors of Lands within the Parish of Scawby aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the said Manor and Parish there are certain Open and Unincloled Parcels of Arable and Pallure Ground, called Scawby Fields, and One other Uninclosed Parcel of Pallure and Furze Ground, called The Moor and The Common, containing in the Whole 2,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if’the same were divided and incloted, it would be to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given *7

' Januarii. A. 1770.

to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing of the Fields, Moor, and Common Pastures, in the said Parish of Scatuby, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Whi do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford, Impropriator of the Impropriate Rectory of Ratby, in the Parish of Ratby, and County of

Leicester, and Patron of the Vicarage of the Church of Ratby aforesaid, and also a Proprietor of the greatest Part of the Open Fields of Ratby aforesaid; and the humble Petition of John John Jordan,

John Lea, and others, Proprietors of other Parts of the said Fields, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Proprietors and Persons interested therein; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it would be advantageous to all Persons interested in the said Fields, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof allotted to every of them, according to their respective Properties therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hot ham and Mr. Booth Grey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Be Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich; and also the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Principal Owners, and other Inhabitants, of the several Towns and Villages in the County of Norfolk, contiguous to, and through which, the Road thereafter mentioned lieth; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitiorts; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; .

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Peter Finch, being examined, said, That the Road from the City of Norwich to Watton in the County of Norfolk, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow, and dangerous for Passengers, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that if the said Road was properly repaired, it would be of Public Advantage:

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road, from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Watton, in the County of Norfolk: And that Mr. Be , Mr. Harbord, Sir Edward AJlley, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Be Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Spelman, Clerk, foie Proprietor of the Tolls and Duties arising from the Navigation of the River Nar, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered^ it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making the River Nar na-

.vigable.

Ratby

Inclosure.

Norwich

to

Watton

Road.

Nar

River

Navigation.

New

Chappie,

&c.

Road,

Norwich to Swaffnam, &c. Roads,

io Geo. IIP.

vigable, from the Town and Port of Kings , to West acre, in the County of was read; whereby

it appeared. That the Commissioners therein named, were impowered to borrow the Sum of £. 3,500 on the Tolls thereby granted, for the Purposes of the said Navigation: And,

William Clarke Woodbine, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Commissioners did borrow the Sum of £.3,500, which has been laid out in making the said River navigable, and did veil the said Tolls in several Proprietors and Subscribers.

That the Petitioner, Henry , hath purchased

of the said Proprietors their Shares and Interests in the said Tolls, which are now wholly vested in him: That the said Principal Sum, together with several Years Interest, amounting to about £.4,717. 19 remains due to the said Mr. Spelman.

And farther said, That the Commissioners have declined acting under the said Act, by which Means the Navigation is greatly obstructed, and in some Parts rendered entirely useless; and that to make the same useful to the Public, it will be necessary to borrow a further Sum of Money; and that the said Act is defective in several other Particulars.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of Kings Lynn, to Westacre, in the County of Norfolk, and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Mr.

Harbord. Sir Edward AJlley, and Mr. Charles Townshtnd, do prepare, an bring in, the fame.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others. Inhabitants of the Counties of and , residing near and usually travelling the High Roads therein after-mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Board, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road from New Chappie, in the County of , to and through the several Places mentioned in the Petition, to the Top of Ditchling Bofthills, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and in others impassable for Carriages, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappie, in the County of , over Coplhorn, in the County of Sussex, through Livdfteld, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Jiills, in the said County of Sussex: And that Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Fuller, Sir Robert , and Mr. Medley,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Harbord reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and other Principal Inhabitants of the City of Norwich, and also of the Principal Inhabitants of Ma in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, who live near the several Highways, or Roads, leading from the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Principal Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had exa-

Vol. 32.

621

mined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. Peter Finch, being examined, said, That he knows all the Roads mentioned*in the said Petitions; that they art narrow, and in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effedluaHy repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament.

That he knows the Branch of Road leading from the Halfpeny Bridge to Mattishall-, that it is narrow and bad, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road, from Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to ham, in the County of Norfolk, and from Half petty Bridge, in Honingham, to the Bounds of Yaxham, ana

also a Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City: And that Mr. Harbord, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edward AJlley, and Mr. Charles Townftmd, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of Nottingham and York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, in the Lane near Bawtry aforesaid, by the Warren House, in the Parish of Harwotth, and through the Towns of Old Coats and

Throhapham, to the Toll Bar near Todwick, upon the Turnpike Road from Worksop, in the said County of Nottingham, to Attercliffe, in the said County of York; and also the Road leading from Blyth, in the said County of Nottingham, through Oldcoats, to Maltby, in the said County of York; are in a ruinous Condition, and in many

Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclohng the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common P allures. Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wad-dington, in the County of the City of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order,' a Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Cailler: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pennant presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Play-house, in' the Town of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:And the same was received; and read,

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from West Lavington, to The Devizes, and from The Devisees to Seend, in the County of whose Names arc

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Sum of £. 5,000, and upwards, hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls

granted

250 JanuariL

Bawtry* & c. Road*

Waddingtoit

Inclosure.

Caillec'a

Nat.

Liverpool*

Theatre.

West

Lavington*

Arc.

Roads;

Salted Beef, &c.

‘lecdi

' to 'Wakefield Road.

622 250 januarii. A. 1770.

granted by the said Act, which remains yet unpaid t and in equal Moieties at the said Toll Gates respectively; that great Progress has been made in repairing the said by which Means, great Part of the said Tolls have been Roads; but, by Means of the'many heavy Carriages pass- loft, and the good Purposes intended by the said Act in ing thereon, and the great Scarcity and Dearness of a great Measure defeated; and that the Road from Leeds Materials for repairing thereof, the same cannot be ef- to Wakefield has been in Part repaired, but, by reason feftually kept in Repair, and the Interest of the Money of the many heavy Weights carried thereon, the greatest borrowed on; the Credit of the said Tolls be paid, Part thereof is now in very bad Repair, and the Money without the Aid of Parliament: Aaid therefore praying, borrowed is still due and owing, and the Tolls directed That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for en* by the said Act to be collected on the same Road, are larging the Term and Powers, and altering the Tolls insufficient to pay the Interest of the Money so borrow-granted by the said Act, in such Manner as to the Houfo ed, and to repair and keep in Repair the same Road; shall seem meet. and that the repairing and amending the said Road

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the would tend greatly to the improving the Trade and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Commerce, and to the Ease and Benefit, as well of the mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as if Inhabitants of that Part of the said County, as of the appear to them, to the House: Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave

.. And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Whit worthy may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes afore-&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon> at Five of said, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet, the Clock, in th{ Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power , That the said Petition be referred to the

i-o fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tp

tefolve itfel£ into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue for a further Time, to be limited, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, paade in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Park, Bacon, and Butter, from for a limited

Time; and for allowing the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com-puttee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee* That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had madeto the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution such Part of an Act of Parliament for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, as relates to the repairing that Part of the said

Road which lies between Leeds and Wakefield; and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the said County of York, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in Pursuance of the said Act, several Sums of Money have been borrowed, on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon that Part of the Road which lies between Leeds and , and which have been laid out towards the repairing and amending the same; and that Two Turnpikes, or Toll-Gates, have likewise been set up between the said Towns of Leeds and Wakefield; but the Trustees are, by the said Act, restrained from eiefting Turnpikes on particular Parts of the same Road; and the Tolls thereby granted are also, by the said Act, directed to be collected and taken

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Sir George , &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach Chaplain, befop-e this House, at Saint Margaret's, , upon

Tuesday thc30th Day of this Instant January.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing an Act made in the Com, arc. last Session of Parliament, to prohibit for a further Exportation, Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of, Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act made in theiaft Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Cattfc resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Distemper; upon the Bill for indemnifying all Persons, with re- In^muity speft to advising, or carrying into Execution, His Majesty’s Orders of Council, made for preventing the Spreading of a contagious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual; and for preventing Suits in Consequence thereof; and to authorizing the continuing, extending, and executing the lame, for a further Time, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfintothe said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Coofer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Benjamin Bewick and Thomas Fowe, Halloagtiua Esquires, severally Lords of Manors, and Owners of Indoiurt. considerable Parts of the Open Fields, in Ha I lough-ton, in the County of Leicester; and John , Clerk,

Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of -

ton, and, together with the said Benjamin Bewick ( Patron of the said Rectory and Church,) and a Proprietor in his own Right of a considerable Part of the said

ambridge J nivcrfity Writ*

Grantham

}Vrit.

Supply.

io Geo. III. 'if Januarii. . 623

Fields, and of the several other Persons whole Names nies of Foot, serving in the Me of A/:;, at Gibraltar, are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land, or infilled Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year One thou-to Righ’tof Common, in the Open Fields and Common- land Seven hundred and Seventy, able Places, in the Parish of Ha Houghton aforesaid, was That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Two ihe Property of the several Owners of Land in the Laid hundred and Three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Fields lies greatly intermixed and dispersed; and that it Pence Half Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the would be very advantageous to them, and to the rest of Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in the Persons intitled to Right of Common in the said Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fields and Commonable Places, if the same were di- Seventy.

vided and inclosed, and a specific Share or Part thereof allotted to every such Proprietor, to be held in Severalty for ever, in Lieu of his present Property therein: And. therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Fields and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Onslow and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Cambridge, in the room of the late Honourable Charles Yorke, who, after his Election for the said University, accepted the Office of Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of the Right honourable Sir John Cifl\Baronet, deceased.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di« reded him to report to the House: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including One thousand Five hundred and Twenty-two Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Six hundred and Sixty-six effective Men, Commission and Non-Commission Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Twenty-four thousand Nine hundred and . Ninety-two Pounds and Two Pence be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Six hundred and Sixty-six effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and GueniJ'ey, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-three thousand Two hundred and Forty-eight Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence and One Eighth Part of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces'and Garrisons in, the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions For the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded

Mlanch, and Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the Britfb and Irish Establishment of Five Batallions and Four Compa--VoL. 32,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred* and Thirteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay, for Three hundred and Sixty-five Days, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Batallions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Sixty-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-three thousand Two hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of tire reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, net exceeding One thousand Two hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horle Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-six thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Eleven Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, Tor the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

The said Resolution*, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ip a* Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Oidered, That Mr. Thomas Edwards do, upon this Day Sevennight, the ill Day of February next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to

7 U difeon-

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

Ways and Means.

Duties on

Tallow*

*c.#

ie

NaJion.

Avleftwry

1c.

Road.

624 # 2^ — 26° Januarii 1770.

discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease.

Ordered, That Mr. George Ruffe// do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Bright do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Paul Caldwell do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Savage do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Berridge do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Sampson Rainforth do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Netherjole do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved it fell into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Vincent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

And then the House, having continued to fit till a Quarter past Three of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock*

Veneris, 26° die Januarii\

Anno to* Georgii III. U Regis, 1770. Prayers.

XOhn Caspar Schneider, Christian Gottlieb , and

%J Adam Kroll, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Buckingham, Oxford, and Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, to Thame, in the County of Oxford, and from Thame, to a House called The Three Pigeons, in the Turnpike Road from Tettesworth to Oxford, and from thence through Little Milton, , and

Newington, to Warborough, in the said County, and from thenqe, across the Common Fields, to the Turnpike Road from Benfinglon to Shillingford, opposite the iload leading to Shillingford Bridge, is in general very ruinous, and in some Places subject to great and dangerous Floods, and cannot be effectually repaired and rendered commodious without the alfifiance of Parliament and that the said Road, if completed, would open a great Communication, from the Vale of Aylesbury, to the River Thames, and the Vale of Berkshire, and also from the Northern, Eallern, and Midland Parts ot England, to Oxford, Bath, and the South

Well Parts of the Kingdom, and considerably promote the Trade. Agriculture, and Inland Navigation of the fame; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given

to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and for such other Relief and Alfiflance as to the House shall seem meet. *

Ordered, That the said Petitien be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Buller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power, to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- tyme Regfc holders, and Inhabitants, residing in the Counties of Road*. Dorset and Devon, Trustees of the Lyme Regis Turnpike Act, and others, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads, in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, and that the Sum of Four thousand Pounds hath been borrowed, and remains due, upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied according to the Directions of the said A Cl; and that great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads; and that the annual Income of the said Tolls is insufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Act, and the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money due repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Act made more effectual; and that the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Turnpike

Gate, in the Parish of Lyme Regis, and in

the said County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Road between Penn Inn, in the Parish of Whitechurch Canoni-corum, in the said County of Dorset, and Charmouth aforesaid. Dear Hole Farm, in the said Parish of Lyme Regis, and also the Road from the Turnpike Road between Penn Inn and Axminster, in the County of by the Direction Poll, at or near Greenway Head, in the Parish of Whitechurch Canonicorum, by Monk ton Wilde Farm, over Hawkchurch Hill, to the Bottle Inn, in the Parish of Hawkchurch, in the County of , and from thence, by Marshalsea, in the Parish of Marsh-wood, in the County of Dorset, and Furzemore Gate, in the Parish of Broadwindfor, in the same County, and to the Three Ashes, in or near the Parish of in

the County of Somerset, where the Crewkerne Turnpike terminates, and also the High Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill, in the Parish of , in the County of Devon, cross the Axminster Turnpike Road, through Red Lane, to Hawkchurch Hill, and also divers Public and Private Roads leading to and from different Parts of the said Turnpike Roads mentioned in the said Act, which are madeufe of to evade the Tolls payable by virtue thereof, whereby the same are greatly lessened, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and in many Places very lleep and uneven, and in the Winter Season very dangerous, and cannot be effectually repaired and remedied, by the present Methods prescribed by Law:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for making the same more effectual, and also for effectually preventing the evading the said Tolls, and for repairing, widening, keeping in Repair, and making the Roads herein before particularly mentioned pafiable at all Times and Seasons, or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Burgherfh, Mr. Blackstone,

&c.: And they are to meet this' Afternoon, at Five of ' the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An

Salted

Beef,

ro Geo. III. a6° Januarii. 5

An ingrafted Bill to continue for a further Time, to The House being informed, that Mr. Speer, from the Account*} be limited, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His Treasury, attended at the Door j he was called in; Civil Lilt.’ present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign Address to His Majesty, of the 28th Day of February, of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importa- in the last Session of Parliament, tion of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from An Account of the Payments for his late Majesty’s Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Impor- Civil Government, and for the Support and Mainte-tation of Salted Beef, Pork, Baqpn, and Butter, from the nance of his Houshold and Royal Family, from the 5th.

British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, was Day of July 17 52 to the 5th Day of July 1760; distin-read the Third Time. guishing each Year, and the several Heads of Expence:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title And also, be, An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act An Account of the Payments for His present Ma-made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, jesty’s Civil Government, and for the Support and Main-intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made tenance of His Houshold and Royal Family, from His in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Accession to the 5th Day of January 1761, and from intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, thence to the 5th Day of January 1769 , distinguishing Bacon, and Butter from Ireland, for a limited Time, and each Year, and the several Heads of Expence, for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, And then he withdrew, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

a limited Time. The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Trecoihick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. ja.

An

g

cq'

N

CD

Cl

CT

ACCOUNT of the Payments for his late Majesty’s Civil Government, and for the Support and Maintenance of his Houdiold and Royal Family, from the 5th Day of 175Z - to the 5th Day of July 1760; distinguishing each Year, and the several Heads of Expence.

In the Year ended the 5th of July >753- 5th July 1754. 5th July1755- 5th July 1756.

& ’ £ £ ' 2. d.

20,000 — — 21,000 — — 22*000 — 22,000 —

7,000 — — 7,000 7*000 — — 7,000 — —

5,000 — — 5,000 — — 5,000 — 5,000 — —

18,750 11,25® 15,000 — 15,000

15,867 7 i 15,867 7 1 15,867 7 1 15,867 7 1

113,841 13 6 100»l66 — 107,301 99,176

58,456 IO 2 58,044 14 53.775 19 11J 57.054 19 3 j

ai>733 15 ij 13.537 11 n 17,621 — 7 15,814 13 4

A»°7 s 4 3,5*4 9 *0 3*359 9 — 3,006 12 3j

63,967 n 7J 3^,55* 7, 3*»!5* — 3? 34,477 14 *1

14,000 11,000 — — 13,000 — — 13,200 —

66,49* 5 7*»*94 3 Si 72,697 13 5 54,077 18 Hi

21.234 13 6 109.955 13 4 108,195 7 ioj 104,742 18 —

29,621 16 26,556 16 6| 21*596 3 10 21.873 1\

52,137 6 8 46*500 1 8 39,495 6 — 39,533 — 4

7,490 10,620 — — 10*035 15 6 5,820

7,500 — — 7>5oo — — 6,000 6,000 — —

6,000 5,89113 4 6,000 — — 6,15817 7

35.000 — 50,000 — — 40,000 — — 38,000 — —

- m m m _ -

- . . m _

36,000 — — 39,000 — — 36,000 ~ — 36,000 — —

3,887 — 3 2,797 11 4 2461 2 5 6,48712 9

!3>7o6 5 uj 13,024 2 5^ 9,329 3 8 8,261 2 1

*»944 14 4 3.842 4 3 3.205 7 -i 3.073 4

1,617 6 929 16 6 877 I —

60,2l8 15 03 57,33614 2 54.873 4 Si r 70,9,61 15 — |

750,391 I 2} 7*4.878 4 6j 700,895 ,7 0| 739,463 15 lOf

16*470 l6 4 11,430 13 — 10,000 — — 13,000

35.291 15 IO 40,000 — — 40,000 — — 34,000

4,510 — — . 4,510 4,510 4,510

S,oooo — — 5*000 — — 5,coo — — 5,000

2,000 — 2,000 — — 2*000 — — 2,000 —

2,276 — _ 2,276 — 2,276 — 2,276

8*3.939 *3 4i 790,094 17 61 764*681 17 6} 850,249 15 lof

5 th July 1759. 5th July I 760.

£ ' d £ i. d.

40,000 — 27,500

7,000 7,000

3*75° - -

15,000 — — - 15,000 — —

12,000 — — 12,000 — —

- - 2,500

- - - - 4,000 — —

107,387 — - 108,051 — —

55.712 17 6 57.936 15 ioi

16,191 15 7 21,134 10 9

3,150 4 *f 3.678 7 6\

i 3*»373 '9 8? 33.895 — 8|

.16,000 — — 12,000 — -

49,824 16 to 49>68o x 10J

i 111,141 3 iif 107,426 12 10-

I 23,542 9 — 24.5*6 16 cl

40,30a — 1 40,58a 5 2

5,589 6,120 M

6,000 — — 6,000 ~ _

6,000 — — 6,000 ’«

ao, oooo — — 40,000 . —

10,000 ——

39,000 — — 36,000 —

4,5*f 3 — 4,587 H 11

6»94$ 17 3$ 6*206 5 9i

[ 3,*4‘ Si 3»1 1 18 6)

1,260 9 __

94^^5 4 *33 /87 w. f)i

iTsMT4"H 769,904 i9~,‘n:

26,000 — — 24,500 — __

25,000 — — 22,500 1 —

4,5,o 4.41« —

5,000 — — 5,°oo — __

2,000 — 2, COO — .

,276 *,276

793,*34 4 830.770 19 111

On

On

At (he Exchequer:

To his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales To the Pnncefs Dowager of Wales -To the Pnncefs Royal,

To the Duke of Cumberland - -

To the Princedes Amalie and Caroline.

To Princefr Amalie -To the Duke of York

To the Princes William and Henry - *

To the Cofferer of his Majesty’s Hon (hold -

To the Treasurer of the Chamber - -

To the Matter of his Majesty’s Great Wardrobe To the Matter of his Majesty’s Robes.

To the Paymasterof his Majesty’s Works -To the Mailer of the Horse, for Extraordinaries of the Stables To Foreign Ministers* on their ordinary and extraordinary Allowances For Fees and Salaries For Pensions and Annuities -

For D°, payable by Paymaster of his Majesty’s Penttons To several Persons, as of his Majesty's Free Gift and Royal Bounty To the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners.

To the Secretaries of State* for his Majesty’* Secret Service

To James West* Esquire - for D*

To Nicholas Hardiuge9 Bfiquire, for D® .

To Samuel Martin^ Esquire - for D* .

For his Majesty’s Privy Purse ..

To his Majesty’s Goldsmith, for Plate.

To the late Queen’s Servants ..

For Salaries and Allowances* on Account of Riehmdnd Lodge For Jewels, or Presents in lieu thereof* to Ministers from abroad For Contingencies of divers Natures.

At the Excise Office* to her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales

A , p a f To her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of WaJes -° For DHburfcments by the Secretary of the Pott Office

umce, { To the Lord High Chancellor

At the Alienation Office, for the Charge of the Hanaper in Chancery

To the Farmer of the Pott Fines, in Defalcation of Rent - -

5th July *757'

£. s. d

51.000 — —

7.000 — —

5.000 — —

15.000 — — 15,867 7 I

58>44S

14*022

3443 3M3 5 13,800 53,i34 107,758 21,380 40,224 8,060 6,000

5>79°

10.000

40.000

11 11 9 8

s "*!

8 4

4 6

5

5 4

*9 7i

33,000 — 89S 11 8,oo8 13

Ms® 8 84»3 73 8

747.130 5 29,300 —

14,500 — 4, S«o — 1,810 6

2,000 —

2,276 —

_3

71

11

801,726 12 61

5th July 1758.

£ 40/500 — —

7.000 -

5,000----

15,000 — — 14,900 10 3'

106,815 — 59.764 >7 «7,374 3 3.333 13 30,931 6

14.000 —

52.000 13

112,199

23,215

40.835 *.365

6,000 — 5.991 15

40.000 —

9

6

2

91

8

4

17

18

36.000 — 4,745 9 7,565

3,092 19 768 10 101,216 14

756,172 19"

35.000 —

20.000 —

4,510 — S*30i 7

2,000 —

a,276 —

18 —

825,260

Prefen ted this 26th Day of January 1770, by

Totals.

£ J.

243,500 — —

56,ocq — 33,750-----

120,000-----

9+*37 5 24,000 — — 2,500 — — 4,000 — 85*,377 13 459. *97 6 137.430 —

*7.553 7 263,784 14

6

6 i-5i

4 i i

107,000 — —

469,201 882,654 192,3 ra 339.6‘o 62,091

51.000 47,833

273.000

40.000

10.000

291.000 30.445 73.o.7 25,56.1

5,087

756,889

5>97>.76 J 165,901

*7

3

*4 . 2

>3

5

10

44

5

6

5

6.480,358

kO

On

o

y

S

2:

4

7v

5

8

17 —;

5 —

7_^of

8 9i

9 4 231,291 15 10

36,080 — — 37.11 14 3 16,000 — —

18,208 — —

fV. Speer.

o

AqACCOUNT of the Payments of His present Majesty’s Civil Government, anti for the Support and Maintenance of His Houshold and Royal Family, from His Accession to the 5th Day of January 1761, and from thence to the Jth Day

of January 1769; distinguishing each Year, and the several Heads of Expence.

D

CQ

N'

CD

CL

O'

O

o

eg

FT

9

o

r

00

10

At the Exchequer:

To her Majesty the Queen - - -.

To the Princess Dowager of Wales -

To the Duke of York - -

To Prince William and Prince Henry -

To Prince Hemy and Prince Frederick - -

To Prince Hmy Duke of Cumberland -

To the Duke of GUuce.fter - -

To Lord Bathurjly Treasurer to His present Majesty, when Prince of Wales

To the Cofferer of His Majesty’s Houshold - -

To the Treasurer of the Chamber - -

To the Matter of His Majesty’s Great Wardrobe -

To the Matter of His Majesty’s Robes - v

To the Matter of the Horse to His Majesty, for Extraordinaries of the Stables

To the Pay matter of His Majesty’s Works -

To Foreign Ministers on their ordinary and extraordinary Allowances

For Fees arid Salaries ——

For Pensions and Annuities, payable at the Exchequer

For D°, by the Pay matter of His Majesty’s Pensions

To several Persons as of His Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty

To the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -

To the Secretaries of State, for His Majesty’* Secret Service -

for D° for D° for D° for D° for D* for D*

To James West, Esquire To Samuel Martin, Esquire To Charles Jenkinson, Esquire To William Mellijk, Esquire To Charles Lowndes, Esquire To Grey Cooper, Esquire To the Secretary of the Pott Office, for D° - -

For His Majesty’s Privy Purse - -

To His Majesty’s Goldsmith, for Plate -

For the late Queen’s Servants -

For Salaries and Allowances, on Account of Richmond Lodge For Jewels, or Presents, in lieu thereof, to Ministers from Abroad

For Contingencies of divers Natures - - - «

X

To the Princefe Dowager of Wales

At the Excise Office, { To William Duke of Cumberland -

To Princess Amalie -

Af p„n n« S To the Princess Dowager of Wales

At the Pott Office, To prince miliam Di£e of Cumberland

At the Alienation Office, for the Charge of the Hanaper in Chancery

From His Majesty’s Accession, to the 5th January 1761. in the Year ended 5 January 1762. $thjanuary 1763. 5th January 1764. 5 th January 1 7/jv 5 th January 1 766

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ d. £ d. £ s. d. £ S J.

- - - 10,000 — — 32,500 — — 50,000 — — 50,000 — — v». OOOO — —

- - - 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — io ,oro — — J DO — —

9,000 — — 12,000 — — 12,000 — — 1 f- OO —

8,000 — — 6,000 — — 8,000 — — 8,000 — — t ‘O') *

m m m

- 2,970 7 3* m - - - "

- 75 >394 — — 97,208 — — 74.135 — — 100,4-5 — - — 61,931 — —

- 64,384 9 11 53,218 1 — - 59.338 — 6 6 ,368 2 10 48 996 1 r I-

— m 33*47 7 8 16,708 — 3, 29.673 7 6 21,979 9 IO 10,962, 16 IO

- - - 9,202 3 4.582 12 2,762 9 \{ 4,592 6 7 4*021 9 3i

- 23,000 — - — - 12,000 — — 10,000 — 11,000 — — 18,000 — —

34*35 *4 *i *6,1 7 1 38,914 6 10I 36 2ii.) 4 7 40,955 19

- - 66,219 18 1 79,683 8 6i 6-'-?3? 12 4 84,384 8 5 88,569 9 C\

3,000 — — 103,635 1 11 r 18,125 x9 ioi 90,877 9 2 1 3*17 4 1 11696 1 11

- - 29*707 12 9i 35.289 x5 — i 26,397 10 <3.837 13 7j 36.303 5

- 46.483 1 10 5*»53* 12 5, 2 8 55,26a '*4 9 55.610 l8 2

- 19,805 II 6i 15,178 18 7s 5,06b — — 11,687 — — 5,130 — ——

- 5.741 7 7 6,000 — — 4< 5 00 — — . 6,000 — — 6,000

m 5.704 x4 5 6,000 — — 4,500 — — 7,360 16 5s 6,coo — —

40,000 — — - 20,000 — — - - . -

4 0,000 — — 16,000 ——

5,000 — — -

5,000 — —

- - - m - -

+.*3S 16 — m 6,062 I — 4,660 5 - 6,461 _ 6,461 — —

4,000 — 44,000 — — 48,000 — — 44,000 — 32,000 — — 36,000 —

- - - 18,445 7 9 5,775 »9 6 15,111 12 11 10,538 <4 2 2.635 10 —

5,178 16 S 5,242 9 4i 2,492 *9 3J 4.669 *4 4.239 18 10

- 5°2 18 —

- 1,046 I 6 2,928 '3 — 5,400 7 6 4,666 1 — 1,737 5 6

1,094 65,487 6 3J 87,223 5 2| 89,929 S 69,561 *9 4s 92.540 *3 4

17,940 — - 738,750 7 1 i 764414 3 H 695,309 3 9 753.981 IO 2} 734*012 9 7

9,344 16 6i 29,000 - — 12,052 — 9 10,000 — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — -

3,103 8 n$ 15,000 — — 15,000 — — - - . - -

2,482 15 2 I 2)000 — — 12,000 — — 12,000 — — 12,000 — — 12,000 — —

1,000 — — 21,000 — — 37.947 »9 3 40,000 — — 40,000 — — 40,000 —

15,000 — — 15,000 — — 1 1,250 — —

- - - 2,108 *9 6 2 >000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 —

33,871 — 81 817,859 6 7i 843>4M 3 2| 774*3C9 3 9s £32,981 IO 2S 809,262 9 7

5th January 1767. 5 th January 1768. 1 5 th January 1 769- Totals.

d. £ s. J. £ J. d. / s. d.

50,000 — — 50,000 — 50,000 — — 342,500 — —

10,000 — — 10, COO — — 10,000 — — 80,000 — —

12, COO — — 9.2*6 9 ioi - - - 78,216 9 10 i

36,000 — —

2,000 - - 4,000 — —

6,000 — — 9,000 — — 9,000 — — 24,000 — —

- - 1,500 - Moo — —

2,970 7 31

89,410 — — 5908 — — 88,429 5 s2 662,890 5 5

53*7* — 8* 54.743 6 10 52,720 9 447,4*1 2 7i

*0,057 4 5 17.050 *9 — 24,014 '5 7 169,918 1 1

3>' 3 ti 3, *52 12 6ki 4.-38 11 4i 35*499 17 5

14,000 — — 2 +,000 — — J 10,000 — — 122,000 — —

30,17 5 3 5* 47,161 7 9x j 36,779 11 2i 290,596 *5 Si

75*!95 7 4i 79,580 16 3 ! 72,243 J9 io{ 6c6,6r i Si

9o/>5o 4i 188, >8» 11 3i ! 94,608 — 9 849,812 9 4*

26,093 10 4 29,986 6 7i, i 26,784 8 8 i 244,400 3

- 4l>3° 1 12 8 55.593 x9 7J 42,138 9 — 373i745 11 1

7*75* l3 — 6,687 8 6,804 l3 1 — 78,106 4 3

3,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,oco — — 43?HX 7 7

5)443 S li i 5,056 14 -i 9-49+ 10 1 49»558 —

- - - *- - - 60,000 — —

- - 26,000 — —

- m - - - " - - - 5,000 — —

«. - - 5,000 — —

b 0 0 — -- 9,000 — — - m - 24,00 c — —

- 8,000 — — 2^,000 — — 56,000 — —

4,872 — — 6,566 — — 6,644 l6 — 45,862 <8 —

48,000 — 44,-00 — — 52,000 — — 352,000 — —

7,802 6 6 5.338 3 1 I 7*333 3 9 72,v86 8 6

4*513 '7 1 — % 3> *75 10 6i 4,110 *4 — 33.624 — -h

502 18 —

>.753 10 — 3.4*0 4 — 2,o63 8 — 23,010 10 6

90,659 11 6i 82,476 z 9 7*.6+6 1 3i 660,463 li) 3k

7°M39 6 Si 765,486 .12 715,064 17 Si- 887,498 10 4

10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — 7 — 110,396 *7 li

- - - 3 3»1 °3 8 *£

12,000 — — 12,000 — — 1 2,000 — — 98.482 15 2

40,000 — — 40,000 — — 40,000 — — 29^94 7 !9 3

- m - - - 4i,2..o — —

2,000 — — 2,000 — 2,000 — — 16,108 x9 6

766.539 6 5i 829,486 12 779,064 *7 81 I 6,486,788 10 6£

Total of the Payments out of the Revenues made Part of the Aggregate Fund (andcharged by an Act of the First Year of His Majesty ’s Reign, with the Annual Sum of £ 800,000) for the Support of His Majesty s Houshold, &V. as above 6>4b6>788 to- 6£ Beside which Payments, there was ifflied on Addresses in the Year ended the 5th of January 1769, which was replaced to the Civil List out of the Aids for the Year 1769 - - - ---- 15,000 — — *

And there remained in Cash of the above Revenues, for the Civil List, on the 5 of January 1769 - 63,728 14 3$

The Total whereof is equal to the Amount of the said £. 800,000 per Annum, granted by the above Act for 8 Years and 72 Days, from His Majesty’s Accession to the said 5 of January 1769 -

2 Presented this 26th Day of January 1770, by

IV. Speer.

£ 6,565,517 4 9i

os

-4

10 Geo. III. ' 26° Januarii.

Cattle Distemper; Indemnity BiH.

Pembroke

Election.

Ufebum

Inclosure.

628 25° Januarii. A. 1770.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tke'.Brunfell Field, The Inge, The High Moor, The Low Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Moor, The Carr, and The Common or Tenter Hill, and for exempting the fame, not only from all Rights of Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Fallow and Average Gates, Stints, and Common Right,

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for but also for exempting the fame, and the aforesaid Old indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advising, or Inclosures, Messuages, and Cottages, and other Lands, carrying into Execution, His Majesty’s Orders of Coun- Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the aforesaid cil, made for preventing the Spreading of a contagious Township and Parish, and the In habit ants and Occupiers Distetnper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for rendering thereof, of and from all and all Manner of Great and the same valid and effectual; and for preventing Suits in Small Tithes, Modules, Tenths, and other Ecclesiastical Consequence thereof; and to authorize the continuing, Dues, upon such Equivalents and Satisfaction being al-extending, and executing the fame, for a further Time, lotted or given, in Lieu thereof, as shall be expressed in was committed j the Amendments which the Committee the said Bill, and for other Purposes in such Bill to be had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him contained.

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Placej and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the George Savile and Mr. Morton do prepare, and bring in Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a the lame.

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Sir Charles presented to the House, accord- Army j

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Mutiny ingrafted. and for the better Payment of the Atmy and their Quar- DeferU#lu

ters: And the same was received; and read the Fiift Ordered, That Hugh Ow«», Esquire, who has petitioned Time, this House, complaining of an undueElection and Return RefThat the Bill be read a Second Time, for the County of Pembroke, do, by himself, or by his Agent

or Agents, on or before the 29th Day of this Instant Colonel reported from the Committee, to' Kincardine

"January, deliver to the Sitting Member, or his Agent whom the Petition of the Freeholders, Heretors, and to

or Agents, a List or Lists of the Persons intended by Justices of the Peace, of the County of Kincardine, was A*?er'

him to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Mem. referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter °* s'

ber, giving, in the said List or Lists, the several Heads of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the

of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read

Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in

Member for the said County of Pembroke do, by him- at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is

self, or by his Agent or Agents, within the same Time, as followeth; viz.

deliver the like List or Lists, on his Part, to the Petiti- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William oner, or his Agent or Agents. Gordon, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Roads

leading from the Towns of Montrose and Brechin, through A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are the County of Kincardine to Aberdeen, so far as they pals

thereunder subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and through the said County of Kincardine, are in a very

others, the Owners and Proprietors of the several Open ruinous Condition, and in some Parts very narrow; and

Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Township that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened

and Parish of Great Ufeburn, in the West Riding of the by the Laws in being. _ ' .

County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Setting forth. That, within the said Township and Parish, repairing and widening the High Roads, leading from

there are Two Open and Uninclosed Fields, called The the Towns of Montrose and Brechin, through the County

Lightmire Fields and The Church Field, containing toge- of Kincardine, to the Town of Aberdeen: And that Co-

ther, by Estimation, 300 Acres, and also Two other lonel Hepburn and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and

Open and Uninclosed Fields, called The High Field and bring in, the fame.

The BrunjellField, containing together, by Estimation,

180 Acres, and also a Parcel of Open Ground, called Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way*

1 he Highmore, containing, by Estimation, i?o Acres; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means.'

and also One other Open Parcel of Ground, called The toconsider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply lngs, containing, by Estimation, 10 Acres; and that granted to His Majesty, be now read, there are several other Parcels of Open Commonable And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ground, called The Low Moor, the Carr, and The Common The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

or Tenter Hill, containing, by Estimation, 200 Acres; Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

and that the Petitioners, or most of them, are also pof- Sir Charier Whitworth took the Chair of the Com* felled of several Old Inclosed Grounds, within the said mittee.

Township; and that the Petitioners are come t® an Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Agreement, for dividing and inclosing the said Open Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

Fields and Parcels of Ground, and for allotting reason- That they had come to a Resolution, which they had able Equivalents and Satisfaction to the Lay Impropriator directed him to report, when the House will please to and Vicar, in Lieu of their several Great and Small Tithes, receive the same.

Modules, Tenths, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, which Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday at any Time hereafter may arise, renew, increase, or Morning next.

happen or grow due, to them or either of them, as well Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, within and upon the said several Open Fields and Parcels that he was directed by the Committee to move, that of Ground, and the said Old Inclosures, as from any they may have Leave to fit again.

Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ments, within the said Township and Parish, or froth ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole'

the Inhabitants or Occupiers thereof, for the Time be- House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif-

ing: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to ing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said.

several Open Fields and Parcels of Open Ground, called The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from Accounts

The Lightmire Field, The Church Field, The High Field, the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; presented

he TalIow-

Supply.

Com, See. Exportation.

Salted Beef, Sec*

Lewes

to

Brighton

Road.

10 Geo. III. 26® — 29°

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow imported into England, from Christmas 1765 to Michaelmas 1769; distinguishing each Year, and the Foreign Tallow from the Irish, together with the Amount of the Duties paid

thereon; which is as far as the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow exported from England, from Christmas 17 65 to Michaelmas 1769; distinguishing each Year, and the Foreign Tallow from the Irish, together with the Amount of the Drawback

paid thereon; which is as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to difeon-tinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease.

The said Accounts are prefcrVcd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lun<ey 29° di; Anno io# Georgii III'14 Regis, 1770.

Pa AT IRS.

AMefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour* without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in , for a limited

Time; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Sussex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Town of 'Lewes, to the Town of Brighthtlmftone, in the said County, is in some Places very bad, and in other Parts very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the floufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee t And that they do examine Vol, 3*.

Januarii. 6 29

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Hay, Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. William Burke reported from the Committee, to Saffron whom the Petition of the Overseers of the Poor, and several other Inhabitants, of the Liberty of Saffron Hill, gt Andrew’* Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of Saint Holbornr Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, whose Workhous-. Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty and also the Petition of the Rector, Churchwarden, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; .

To prove the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition;

Mr. JoJ. Cox, and Mr. John Perry, being severally examined, said. That the Poor of the said Liberty are very numerous, and are at present maintained in a Workhouse hired by the Inhabitants of the said Liberty.

That the said Workhouse is in a decayed Condition, and that the Term of the Lease will expire at mei' next.

That a Meeting of the Inhabitants has been held, when it was agreed to apply to Parliament, to enable them to raise Money by an equal Pound Rate, for purchasing Ground or Houses, in or near the said Liberty, in order to build a Workhouse, for the better maintaining and employing their Poor.

To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition;

Mr. Richard Norris, and Mr. Geo. , severally said. That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained in a Workhouse, which is held by Lease from John Payee, for a certain Term of Years, at the annual Rent of £. 131.

That by the said Lease it is agreed, that on Payment of a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, the said Workhouse, and the said Payee's Term therein, should (subject to the Rent of £. 12 a Year) be assigned to the Churchwarden and Overseers of the Poor, for the Use of the said Parish.

That at a General Meeting of the Inhabitants, held the 15th Day of December last, it was resolved to purchase the said Workhouse, for the Remainder of the said Term; and that Application should be made to Parliament, to enable the Parishioners to raise Money sufficient for that Purpose, and to defray all other Expences incident thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Workhouse, for the Liberty of Saffron Hill,

Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. William Burke and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to . enable the Parishioners of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase a Workhouse: And

that Mr. William Burke and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Great and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of - Kington, wick and Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, p*^ residing in and near the Roads and Places herein after mentioned, was presented to the House and read;

Setting

630 29 Januarii. 1770.

Setting forth, That the High Road leading to the Town of Great Kington, from the adjacent Counties and Villages, are very ruinous, and in the Winter Season very deep and founderous, and in some Places so narrow that Carriages cannot pass by each other; and that, if the High Road leading from the North End of a Street in Great Kington aforesaid, called Bridge Street, through the several Parishes of Great Kington, and

ley, in the said County of Warwick, to Upton, in the said Parish o{ Rat ley, and also the High Road leading from the North End of Bridge Street aforesaid, through the several Parishes or Townships of Great Kington, Combrook, Compton, Verney, Walton, and in

the said County of Warwick, to the Guide Post at the Town or Village of Wellejbourne in the said

County of Warwick, by the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Warwick to the City of Bath, were effectually repaired, it would be very advantageous, a's well to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Great Kington, as to the several Towns and Villages lying upon Or near the Places to and through which the said Roads lead: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening the same Roads, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the Htiufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Gilbert, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cardigan Lord Li/bume reported from the Committee, to whom Roads, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Cardigan, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Owen Brigstock, Esquire, and Mr. James Lloyd, being examined, severally said, That the Roads described in the Petition are become very ruinous, narrow in many Places, dangerous and incommodious to Passengers; and that the same cannot be effectually amended and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, in the County of Cardigan: And that the Lord Mr. Rice, Mr.

Pugh Pryce, and Mr. Congreve, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Norwich A Bill for Amending the Road from Saint Stephen's to Gate, in the City of Norwich, to a Place called Block Trowfe jn Prozvfe, in the County of Norfolk, was read a

M Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harbord, Sir Edward AJlley, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exports to Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Mer-America. chandize, exported from Great Britain, to the British Colonies in North America, from Christmas iy6y to Christmas 1769, or as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony.

Royal Assent A. Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-to Bills, neux. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers, ao

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers j where His Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour:

An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Worksop, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Nottingham, was.

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That °* the Road leading from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Budby, Ollerlon, Wellow,

Ompton, and Kneefal, to Kelham, in the said County, near to where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Southwell to Newark; and also the Road leading from the First mentioned Road, at or near Place called dale Hill, in the Parish of South M,in the said

County, to the Place where the same joins the great Northern Road, at the Town of South Mujkham aforesaid, are in a very ruinous Condition, and so narrow in many Places, as not only in Winter and rainy Seasons to be quite dangerous, but also in the Summer Season almost impassable for Wheel Carriages; and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Montagu,

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse, Liverpook in the Town of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Theatre. Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Meredith, Lord Strange, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advising, or carrying into Execution, His Majesty’s Orders of Council, made for preventing the Spreading of a contagious Distemperamongst the Horned Cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual; and for preventing Suits in Consequence thereof; and to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the fame, for a further Time; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that "the Title be, An Act for indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advising, or carrying into Execution, His Majesty’s Orders of Council, made for preventing the Spreading of a contagious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual; and for preventing Suits in Consequence thereof; and to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the fame, for a further Time.

Ordered,

Cattle

Distemper;

Indemnity

Big.

Ways and Means.

Dover

Ue&oa,

Kroll’s

Nat.

Schufter’s

Nat.

io Geo. III. £9° Januarii. 631

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth* according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty* fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall he made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great,

from the Twenty-third Day of June, One thousand Seven* hundred and Seventy, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Refo-laition: And that Sir Charles the Lord,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. , and Mr. Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Trevanion, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Baron to serve in Parliament for the Town And Port of Dover, in the County of , the Petitioner, and Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Baronet, were Candidates, and John Colman, Mayor, presided as Returning Officer; and that during the Poll, the said John Colman admitted several Persons to vote for the said Sir Thomas Mym Hales, who had no Colour of Right, and refused several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioner, who Iiad an undoubted Right; and that the said Sir Thomas Pym Males was, by himself or Agents, guilty of divers illegal ond corrupt Practices, both before and during the Time of the Election, by which Means a pretended Majprity hath been procured in Favour of the said Sir Thomas Pym Males, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been elected and returned for the said Town and Port: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem reasonable.

A Motion was made, and the Question being ptit. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House l

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Bill for naturalizing Adam Kroll, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Jlotie, Mr. Fitzmaurice, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Christian Gottlieb , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -stone, Mr. Edmonftohe, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon," at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

V ©l. 32.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Head, Knight, Father and Guardian of William Head, an Infant of the Age of Fifteen Years, or thereabouts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That John James, Esquire, deceased, by his Will devised all his Real Eftat^s to the Petitioner, and others, in Trust, for his the said Testator’s Wife for Life, Remainder to the said William Head for Life, Remainder to his Firstand other Sons in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over, and did declare his Intention to be, that the said William Head, and all and every Person and Persons, who, after the Death of his Wife, should be intitled to his Estates, should take and ofe the Surname of James Only, and take and bear the Coat Armour of his Familyonly, and should petition for, and endeavour to procure, an Act of Parliament for that Purpose; and that the Petitioner, in compliance with the said Will, is desirous that the said William Head, and his Issue, may be enabled to take and use the Surname of James only, and to take and bear the Coat Armour of the Family of the said John James only, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said William Head, and his Issue, to take and use the Surndme of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of the said John Jamts only.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr; Mlackflone, Mr. Fitzmaurice, and Sir John Filmer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Officers and Servants, Seamen and Marines, borhe and mustered on board the Guaid-ships, at the Ports of Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, for each Month of the Year 1769; dist the Number that have deserted in each particular Month;

Mr. Serjeant Glynn deported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of was re-

ferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Hojkins, and Mr. Elias Cole, being examined, said. That the said Parish is very populous; and the Houses, in a great measure, occupied by poor Manufacturers, and labouring Persons; and that the Expence of maintaining the Poor, amounts to about £. 1.500 one Year with.another; and that many of the Houses art let in separate Apartments, and do not pay any Thing to the Poors Rates.

Mr. Robert Hethcott said. That the Workhouse belonging to the said Parish is so ruinous, that it is absolutely necessary the same should be taken down and re-built.

And all the Witnesses said. That if Power was given for the better regulating, maintaining, employing, and governing the Poor within the said Parish, and for, obliging the Landlords and Leaseholders who let their Houses in separate Apartments, to pay the Poors Rates; it would greatly contribute to the Benefit of the said Parish, and to the Welfare and Preservation of the Poor therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of S Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Serjeant Glynn and Mr. Seymour do prepare* and bring in, the fame;

Colonel Hepburn presented to the House, according td Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the high Roads* leading from the Towns of Montroft and through

7 Y the

Head*!

Name;

Account

Navy,

ShadwcM

Poor.

kincardint

to

Aberdeen

Roa~s.

Inquiry relative to the htc Peace.

Ways and Means.

Answer to Address for Accounts.

Stoke

Coidington

incioiure.

6 32 29° — 310

the County of Kincardine., to the Town of Aberdeen: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved', That the Bill |*e read a Second Time.

’ The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of Dotftor Mufgraveof Plymouthj

And the House being informed, that the said Doctor Musgrave had material Information to lay before the House, touching an Application made by him to the Earl of Halifax, in the Month of May >76$ (the said Earl then

being His Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State) to enquire into the Truth of the Account given by him to the said Earl, in relation t.o the Means by which the late Peace had been obtained;

DoiStor Musgrave was called in, and heard at the Bar, and examined thereto.

And several Members, in their Places, gave Information to the House of what they knew touching the said. Matter.

And then Doctor MuJgraVe was further heard.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Information given by Doctor Musgrave, in the Year 1765^0 the Earl of Halifax, at that Time One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and now laid by Doctor Musgrave before this House, was in the highest Degree frivolous and unworthy of Credit, and such as could not afford any reasonable Foundation for prosecuting the Inquiry demanded by the said Doctor Musgrave,;

The other Orders of the Day being read j Rfolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord North reported to the House, That their Addresses of Tuesday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Copies and Account therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 31° Januarii

Anno io* Georgii III"' Regis, 177®.

Praysrs.

,e*fOHN Daniel Cailler took the Oaths appointed, in J order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of George Wright, Esquire, Lord- of the Manors of Stoke Goldington and , in the County of Bucks, and Owner and Proprietor of Lands in the Open and Common Fields in the United Parishes of Stoke Goldington and Gothurst, in the said County, in Behalf of himself and others interested in the said Open and Common Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several P<tfons mterested therein, if the same were divided (4

januarii. 1770.

and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowndes, Sir William Dolben, and Sir George Osborne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Orders made upon the 10th Day of this Instant Jamary, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of PonteJraSl, in the County of York, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon ‘Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of several of the Noblemen, and also the humble Petition of several of the Gentlemen and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Nottingham and »

on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Proprietors, as well as. Occupiers, of Lands and Grounds, adjoining to, or lying near, the River Trent, in the said Counties, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a considerable Navigation is carried on upon the said River; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, adjoining to, or lying near, the said River, from Wilden Ferry, to Gainsborofuffer considerable Damage, from the many Trespasses committed upon the said Lands and Grounds, by the Persons employed ia navigating Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels, upon the said River, which might in a great Measure be prevented, if the Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, employed in the said Navigation, were numbered, and marked on the Outsides thereof, with the Names and Places of Abode, of the respective Owners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for numbering the Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels, employed in the Navigation upon the said River, from Wilden Ferry, to Gainsborough aforesaid, and for obliging the Owners to have their Names and Places of Abode marked on the Outsides of their several Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels, and for preventing the above-mentioned Inconveniencies, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Rcilridtions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Hczvett, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Mr Thomas Tozvnjhend, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near to, and travelling upon, the Road therein after mentioned, was referred, That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That he knows that Part of the Road, mentioned in the Petition, leading from Aldermajlonto Kings clear; that the same is

in a very bad Condition, and in some Parts very narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary CourseofLaw; that there has been as much Money subscribed, as will answer the Purpose of repairing and widening the whole of the Road mentioned'in the Petition, and that there aie proper Materials upon the Spot for the Repair thereof.

And

PontefraA

Ek&ion.

Trent River to

Gainlborougti

Navigation,

Whitclmrcfc

See.

Roads.

o

Plymouth Dock T heatre.

io Geo. III. %i° jfanuarik 633,

And so much of the aforegoing Evidence as relates to the Subscription and Materials, was confirmed by another Member present, and likewise by

Mr. George Woodward Grove, who added, That he knows that Part of the Road leading from Whitchurch to Kingsclear j that the same is, in general, in a ruinous

Condition, very narrow in some Parts, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for, repairing and widening the Road from > iii

the County of Southampton, to the Turnpjke Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge., in the County of Berks: And that Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, thfc fame: ' ’

Mr. Walter presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse, in the Town or Place commonly called or known by the Name of Dock Town, in the Parish of Stoke Damerell^ in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second Timet

Sir Edward Hawke, from the Commissioners for exei . cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri^ tai», presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrefy to His Majesty, < - .

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1770: AndaHo,

An Estimate of ,the Charge of what may be necessary Estimatesj for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of Navy; War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works* over and, above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary* in the Year

»7 7°- . ‘ ‘

And-the Titles of the said Estimates were read*

The Ordinary Estimate of the Navy is preferred

amongst the other Papers of this Session j and thd*

Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as

followeth i viz.

t 1 1 ♦

1 i , 1 L

A B S T R. A C T of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1770*

♦ ' l *

N*

1.

4.

3-

4-

5-

6.

7-

8.

9-

10.

11.

12.

,3-

14.

16.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord! High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secre- J taries, Officers, Clerjcs, and Inftyuments and Contingeijces relating the reto

Superannuated Sea Officers -

Pensions, and other Allowances -

r Chatham -

Deptford . - . - -

,r , Woolwich -

ar S \ Portsmouth *

1 Sheerness - -

I Plymouth -

Muftfcr Masters and other Officers of the Out Ports -

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein - -

Charge of Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging. - - . -

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, (dc, -

Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers ——

Bounty to Chaplains - -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 17 70 - - 4

To which may be added s

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Sea- men worn out and become decripit in the Service of their Country, who shaft not > be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1770, Ten thousand Pounds.-

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1770, amounts

to Four hundred and Sixteen thousand Three hundred and Eighty Pounds On6 ’ Shilling and Eleven Pence.

£. s. d. 34,038 4 K

®4»993 *9 2

18,071 10

3,657 t6 11 50,283 o 21,994 14 2

46,263 o o

104,846 o b

101,000 6 o 1,231 17 6

406,380 1 a

10,600 6 *

416,380 1 11

G. Cokbume. Tho. Slade. J. Williams. E. Mason. T. . Temjple,

Vol. 32.

Navy

: "Nary Office, Joth January 177

ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other eitra Worth, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tearrand Ordinary, in the Year 1770; prepared pursuant to an-Order of the Honourable House of Commons,.dated the ^thlnflant.

3 4^ '

i — '"►r" ♦: " r> " 1T-V —

Tima vfl i?n may be ^3L 2

Taken in hand. . -i v *j Completed. r Hulls, Mpjts^kiid Yards. Rigging and wore*.: ' Total.

c £ I-

In hand March 1771 -March 1772 12,000 5,300 r 1,000 f 15,00 0 5»30a

\ . - ' '

* " — m m 2,500 < *,$0°

In hand' 7" ' ' 3’5 00 . 2,005 5>5°5

Uncertain > Uncertain ,»44I 4.23S

J * *2,500 5.5°°-

September 1773 < $yOO& \: s M — . 3,o°o

; In hand September next - i *0,000 3.223 . >3.223-

— - September 1771 5,000 5,000

- . - ' *»- 500 - '500

In hand August next Uncertain 5»40o 3»°ao 2,771 2,087 8,171 j>10/

mm* - 10,000 ?,oooo 11,000'

mm* - - - 5,000 m m m 5,000

In hand Uncertain 3 >000 -- - 3,000 3,084

- 9m mm 2,126' 858*

- mm* 1^500; - *,5°o

In hand rn m m 3.261 1,186 4.447

- ~ - - . 1 >447 1,511 2,958

Uncertain - Uncertain 7>H2 1,000 8,112

- * 3»5°o *>500 5>°°°

In hand March next Uncertain 2.3*4 2,500 2,940 5.234 2,500

Uncertain 1 Uncertain 3,024 [ 2,696 900 2,128 3.924 4,824

Flace where. Guns. Ships Names# Nature of their Repair.

Deptford - - - 74 Grafton . - 7 Cumberland - - f Building - -

New Ship‘to be set up* when the Resolution is j launched J *' -

28 Tartar - - 7 «r

24 Dolphin - - J Middling

— Seahorse - - J ► .

Woolwich f - - 74 Bedford - - - *

64 Intrepid ... - Building.

— Defiance - -

— New Ship, to be set up' ‘

when the Intrepid is launched W

44 Rainbow Large - 7

32 Lark --- Middling 3

Chatham ..... 90 Prince George - "

Formidable.

64 Stirling Castle - ► Building

Sloop King’s Fisher - -New Ship ordered to! -

be built - - 3

64 Somerset - Large

20 Mercury - - Small - - 7

60 Medway - - Large - - S

32 Arethusa - Middling - }

Sheerness - - ... 5° Portland - - -,) Bristol - -,) Building

28 Atiive - - - 1 Coventry - - -,) .< Middling

o*

K

ft

ft

o

o

Portsmouth

Plymouth

90

‘74

64

Sloop

7t

36

74

70

50

32

74

64

90

70

36

3a

Princess Royal Berwick -Lion Falcon Centaur -Pallas V,aliant -Vanguard Preston -Richmond

Conqueror Monmouth New Ship to be set up 1 when the Monmouth > is launched - - J

Bienfaisant -Ocean -Chichester Brilliant -! Thames

Building

Middling Small -Middling Middling Small -Small -

: 1

n

Building - -

Middling Small -Middling Small -Small -

: 5

December 177* 9,000 I,coo 10,000

In hand September 1772 5,000 m m 5,000

September 1772 4,400 - 4,400

— n March next i ,696 1,920 3,6 id

In hand m Next Month - 4,000 600 4,°32 ^857 8,032 2,457

- - - - 5,000 i,oco 6,000

Uncertain Uncertain - - 8,000 3»°co 11,000

3»5°° 3.643 - 7»J4 3

- 2,700 1>983 4.683

In hand - Uncertain - -April 17 71 - - 5.000 7.000 1,026 5,000 8,026-

m m - - 1,500 - 1,50a

In hand Uncertain - -April next - - 10,000 6,000 - 10,000 6,coo

- - - 6,675 1,026 7,701

Uncertain - Uncertain - - 3>5°° 2,i63 5,66»

- - - - 2,500 3.3*7 5,817

Total for the Ships - £. 189,665 54,022 243,687

At Portsmouth Plymouth Portmahon

Repairs and Improvements on Docks, Wharfs, and other public Buildings in His Majesty’s several Yards, on the Head of Extra*

To completing a Pump House, with Pump Engines, isle, for the North Dock in the Bason Towards carrying on the South Dock in the Bason -

- Towards carrying on a new Spinning House for the Rope Makers -

Towards carrying on a new Building Slip on the new-made Ground -

Towards making Careening Wharfs on Saffron island -

Total

-j

hi

Grand Total

£ 500 2 6,coo 8,500 4,oco 1,000

40,000

£ 283,687

ABSTRACT.

t Hulls

I Rigging and Stores

O

cq"

cr

CD

o

t

Ifor the Ships

For other extra Works on Docks* Buildings, £sV. -

Grand Total.

Viz, The Sum of Two hundred Eighty-three thousand Six hundred and Eighty'-seven Pounds.

c ),6 54,021

189,6651

*43,68 7 40,000 £. 283,687

G. Cokburne, Tho. Slade. J, Williams. E. 7*. R.

C\

t»

tA

10 Geo. III. 31° J anna fit i

636

3i* Janu

A. 1770.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

teed* Mr. LafceUts reported from the Committee, to whom Wakefield P*1*1*00 of several of the Trustees appointed to pot Read. >n Execution such Part of an Act of Parliament for repairing the Road from Leeds to in the County of

York, as relates to the repairing that Part of the said Road which lies between Leeds and Wakefield; and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Trades-men, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the said County of York, whafe Names are thereunto respectively subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Mr. Henry Butterfield, Clerk to the said Road, between Leeds and Wakefield, produced a Plan of the Road, which shewed, that by the Situation of the Turnpike Gates, the Tolls may easily be evaded, to the great Loss and Prejudice of the Trust: And the Witness said, The Road is in general much out of Repair, particularly that Part between Wakefield and Newton, which js so bad, that it will cost upwards of £. 200 to repair it effectually, and provide proper Causeways; He also produced an Extract from the Books in his Custody relating to the Trust, by which it appeared, that the Sums of f. 4,450 is owing by Mortgage on the Credit of the said Act, and £. 57Q for Materials, Salaries, and other Ex-pepces, which he said cannot be paid nor the Roads completely repaired under the Provisions of the present Law, but might be done if the Term of the said Act was continued, and the Powers enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-fmtYear of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield: And that Mr. Sir George Savile, and

Mr. Edward Lafcedes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Chaplain Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to to the House. the Reverend Mr. Barford, Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at St. Margaret's, Wefifninster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Coventry, Mr. , and Mr. Howard, do acquaint him therewith.

Schneider's A Rill for naturalizing John Caspar Schneider, was Nat read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Salt, Mr. Alderman Trecothick. Sfc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ghamber.

Cailler*s A Bill for naturalizing John Daniel was read a

Nat Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Salt, &c. i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply Bill; Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accor-Malt, *c. ding to Order, a Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1770: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

7 ’ A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the

and1* better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read Dsfertwn. a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfe’.f into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Trustees to several Acts for repair- Serenoate ing several Roads hereafter mentioned, and of the Gentry,

Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Inhabitants of the Parishes of Sevenoakes and Tonbridge, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the 14th Year of King George the Second, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts, for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoakes to Woodsgate and Tonbridge Wells, and from Woodsgate to Kippings Cross, in the County of Kent, and also for repairing the Road from Kippings Cross aforesaid to Round and Pullens Hill, in the said Cc _nty, and to Flint-weil Kent, in the County of Sussex-, and that the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution have borrowed several Sums of Money, upon the Credit of the Tolls coBefted at the several Turnpikes in the Parishes of Sevenoakes and Tonbridge, for amending the Roads leading from Sevenoakes to Woodsgate and Tonbridge Wells, and from Woodsgate to Kippings Cross; which said Sums were, together with the Tolls collected at the said Turnpike Gates, applied in repairing and widening the said Roads; and that the last mentioned Term expired on the 24th of June 1767 ;‘but the Trustees have, ever since the Expiration thereof, executed the fame, under the general Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for (he Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, which enacts, that all and every Act and Acts of Parliament made for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads- should be continued, and be in full Force, for Five Years from the Expiration of all and every such Act and Acts respectively; and that the Money so borrowed dill remains unpaid, and the fame, cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate and Tonbridge Wells, and from Woodsgate to Kippings Cross, be kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said District of Roads, be enlarged, and other and further Powers given for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the feme relate to the said District of Roads from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate and Tonbridge Wells, and from Woodsgate to Kippings Cross, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Farnaby, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Aldermen, Common Councilmen, ptynoutk and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Harbour. Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and of the Gentlemen and Merchants reading in or near, and trading to and from, the feme, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Port of Plymouth, in the County of Devon is very considerable for its Extent and Harbours, and is of great Importance, as well for the Service and Safety of His Majesty’s Ships, as for other Ships and Vessels, whether Subjects or Aliens, trading thereto, or taking Shelter therein; and that near unto the said Town and Borough lies the Harbour of Catte Water, and adjoining thereto is a Pool called Sutton Pool, lying within the said Town, for the Safety and Security of which, a strong Wall was heretofore, with the Aid of Government, erected on a Neck of Land, called How Stert, otherwise Mount Button, dividing the said Harbour of Catte Water from, the Sound or main Sea; and the Entrance

Plymouth

4trceu.

to Geo. III. 310 Jamarit. 6 37

trance of Sutton Pool was also defended by a Building of Bier; all which have been long since destroyed by the Violence of the Sea; and the said Neck of Land is now so much fretted and worn, by the Breach of the Sea, that it is likely the Sea will make a Passage through it, into the said Harbour of Catte and thereby

entirely ruin the fame, if not timely prevented} and that the said Harbour of Catte Water is so much filled up of late Years, with large Banks or Shoals of Ouze, Mud, Gravel, and Sand; and daily increasing; and that the said Pool is also so much filled up, that the same is rendered hurtful and very incommodious to Ships and Vessels lying the re; and that, by erecting a strong Wall on the South Side of the said Neck of Land, called How Stert, otherwise Mount B against the said Sound

or main Ocean, and a proper Pier at or before the Entrance of the said Pool called Sutton , and by enforcing the carrying into Execution an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for clearing, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Catte Water, lying near , in the County of Devon, and for deanfing and keeping clean the Pool commonly called Sutton Pool, lying in Plymouth aforesaid, and at the Expiration thereof to have the like or further Power given, to preserve and keep clear the said Harbour and Pool for the future, would render the said Harbour of Catte Water a very commodious and safe Station, and would be of the utraoft Consequence, as well to His Majesty’s Ships of War, as to all Ships and Vessels belonging to Merchants, either Subjects or Aliens, trading thereto, or bound down the Channel, and forced in by Stress of Weather or contrary Winds, and would likewise render the said Pool called Sutton Pool, safe and commodious for Ships to load and unload, at the Custom House, and other Quays, within the said Town , and that the Petitioners are convinced, from the Estimates already made, that this very useful Design may be carried into Execution by the Aid of a small Tonnage, or Duty, to be laid on all Ships and Vessels coming within or trading and belonging to, the said Port of Plymouth, and also of a small Duty on Coals and Culm imported into the said Fort; and that the Trade and Commerce in general, carried on to and from His Majesty’s Dominions would be thereby greatly promoted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to she Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Barrington, Mr. Byng, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; ami have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and principal and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Plymouth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the enlightening the Streets, and keeping an able and regular Watch, within the said Town, in the Night Time, would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants, and Persons resorting thither, and tend to the Preservation of their Persons and Properties, and also to the Prevention of Robberies, Burglaries, and other Mifilemeanors j and that the repairing the Pavement of the Streets and Gutters, and cleansing the fame, iand also taking down the Water Spouts, and removing of other Nuisances, would render the Town safe and commodious, and be of great Utility j and that the regulating the Fares of Cartmen, Draymen, and Common Porters, and the Mode of Carriages to be used by such Cartmen and Draymen, would be of great Convenience and Advantage to the said Inhabitants: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given tQ bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Vol. 3Z.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Barrington, Mr. Herbert, See: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read 1 Setting forth, That the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, is venr ancient, large, and populous, and the same is, and also the Country adjoining, inhabited by many Persons of Fortune, and greatly reported to by Strangers j and that it would be of great Amusement to such Persons, and would be very beneficial to the Town in general, if a licensed Playhoofe was estabhflied in the said Town, which cannot be done, unless an Act, which passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to explaiaond amend so much of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds* sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, mtq One Act of Parliament, and for the more effectual Punifti-ing such Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent, whereby all Persons are discharged and prohibited to represent any Entertainment of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Patent from His Majesty, or by Licence from the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Household for the Time being, except within the Liberties of Westminster, or where His Majesty is residing for the Time being, be repealed, so far as the same relates to, or respects the said Town and Borough of Plymouth: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act, so far as the same respects, or relates to, the said Town and Borough of Plymouth, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Barrington and Sir Edward Hawke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Wollaston, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Saddington, in the County of Leicester, and

a Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Land in the Open Fields, in the Parish of Saddington aforesaid, and interested in the Commonable Places in the said Parish, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Land in the said Fields, and interested in the said Commonable Places, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Persons interested in the said Fields and Commonable Places, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it would be very advantageous to all the Proprietors, and Persons interested in the said Fields and Commonable Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share or Part thereof allotted, according to each Person’s Property therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Staunton and Mr. Powell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Darner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Right honourable George

vide, commonly called Lord George Sackville, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Germzin, pursuant to the Will of the Right honourable the Lady Elizabeth Germain, deceased* was committed > That the

Committee

Plymouth

Town

Theatre*

Saddington

Inclosure*

Lord

Sackville’a

Name*

SchiHler*

Nat.

Xwr«

Nat.

Pembroke

Election.

Supply.

State of the Nation.

6 38

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hamer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Christia Gottlieb Schufter was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr Darner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Adam Kroll was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Sir Rickard Philipps, Baronet, the Sitting Member for the County of Pembroke, had, in the Lift delivered by him to Hugh Owen, Esquire, in pursuance of the Order of Friday last, made Objections to a greater Number of Persons who voted for the said Hugh Owen, Esquire, at the last Election for the said County, than were objected to in the Lift delivered by him to the said Hugh Owen, Esquire, in the last Session of Parliament;

Ordered, That, when the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Owen, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke, is heard at the Bar of this House, the Counsel for Sir Rickard Philipps, Baronet, be restrained from offering Evidence in Objection to any of the Freeholders (who voted for Hugh Owen, Esquire, at the last Election for the said County) who were not objected to in a List delivered by Sir Richard Philipps, Baronet, or his Agent, to Owen, Esquire, or his Agent, in the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That John Griffiths, Esquire, of Clenderwen, late High Sheriff for the County of Pembroke, do attend this House, upon Tuesday the 13th Day of February next, when the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Owen, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, is ordered to be heard.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation,

*9

'A. 1770.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Vincent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 9th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State -of the Nation.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half past Twelve of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 10 die Febru.

Anno io* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1770.

Praters.

MR. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom Caifler* the Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Cailler was Nat. committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackftonereported from the Committee, to whom Aylesbury

the Petition of the several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Buckingham, Ox- °a ford, and Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribeef,

was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read 2 and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Richard Way, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame, to the Three Pigeons, in the Turnpike Road from Tettesworth to Oxford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road from Benjington to Shillingford, in the said County of Oxford, is become very ruinous, and, in some'Parts, subject to great and dangerous Floods; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and made commodious by the Laws in being:

And further said, That the making and completing the said Road will open a Communication from the Vales of Aylesbury and Berkshire to the River Thames, and from the Northern, Eastern, and Midland Parts of England, to Oxford, Bath, Bristol, and the South-West Parts of the Kingdom; and be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Benjington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford: And that Mr. Blackstone, Mr.

Vanjittart, Mr. Lowndes, the Lord Wenman, and Mr.

Page, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Farm- Bridge, ers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties to of Suffolk and Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and r„„[' had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to

them.

310 Januarii — i* Februarii.

fcatby

Inclosure.

Bkadwell

Poor.

Thetford

to

Newmarket

Road.

Waddingtoa

Inclosure.

Bourn

Drainage*

10 Geo. III. 1° Febru 39

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-

loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Clerk Woodbine, Esquire, being examined, said, That he

knows the Road from Brandon, in , to Barton

Mills; that it is a Road of great Traffic, and is in a very ruinous Condition, and unsafe for Carriages and Passengers, and cannot be properly amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road, from the Bridge on the old River at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk: And

that Sir John Rous, Sir Edward and Mr. De,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hotham presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, in Ratby, in the Parish of and County of

Leuefler: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Serjeant Glytin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for amending the Road from Bridge, in the

Borough of Thetford, in the County of , to the North East End of the Town of , in the County of Cambridge; and for amending the Road from Stow Heath, in the County of Suffolk, to Brandon Bridge,

in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Drummond, Mr. Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of WaJdington, in the County of the City of Lin; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Drummond, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Linds, lying between Boston Haven and in the Parts

of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also of several of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, residing in and near the fame, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners have made a considerable Progress in the Execution of the said Act; and that the Works already executed have proved of great Advantage to the several Proprietors interested in the said Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands; but that the Rates and Taxes, which the Commissioners were by the said Act empowered to raise, will not be sufficient to discharge the interest of the Money already borrowed and expended, and of the further Sums Hill necessary for completing and finishing the Works by the said Act directed, and for keeping the same in Repair, and for defraying the other contingent Expences; and that several Powers by the said Act granted have been found inconvenient; and that further Powers and Provisions are necessary, for effectually completing the g©od Purposes by the said Act intended: and that, if

Vol. 3a.

Power was granted to the said Commissioners, to deanfe, fcower, deepen, and widen, the River Glen, and to erect Locks and other Works upon the Cut called the New Cut, and upon Hammond Becks, and other Cuts directed

by the said Act to be made, widened, deepened, or cleansed, in order to make a commodious Navigation on the fame, and to collect a Tonnage for Boats and Vessels passing and re-passing, the Money arising from such Tonnage to be applied to the separate Purposes of the said Navigation, it would be of Advantage to the Owners of the said Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, as well as to the Inhabitants of several Parts of the said County of Lincoln: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, under such Provisions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Harris, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the' Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Pqwer to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road, from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot, in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester', and also of several Gentlemen and others, of the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have made a great Progress in repairing of the said Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; but find the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and that it would be more convenient, if the Road leading from Ragland, through the Parish of Llanvihangel , by Pen yr

hewl, in the Parish of Langattock juxta leading towards Abergavenny, was repaired, instead of the Road from Ragland, through the Parish of Llanvihangel juxta Ujk, by the Church of Langattock juxta Ujk; and also, the Roads leading through Newport, by Malpas Pill, by Nantcock, along Goldcroft Common, through the Town of Caerleon, and through the Village of Caerleon, in the Parish of Christ Church, and along the New Road, through the Land of Charles Fan, Esquire, leading from towards Chepstow, were directed to be repaired, instead of the Road leading through Newport to St. Julians, to the Town of Caerleon, by the said recited Act also directed to be repaired; and that the Road leading from Ragland, through the Parish of Llanvihangel juxta Ujk, by Pen yr hewl, in the said Parish of Langattock juxta Ujk, and also the Roads through Newport, by Malpas Pill, by Nantcock, along Goldcroft Common, through the Town of Caerleon, and through the Village of Caerleon, in the Parish of Christ Church, and along the New Road, through the Land of Charles Van, Esquire, leading from Caerleon, towards Chepstow, and also the Roads leading from Newport, through Baffallegg, by Panthrwgock, to Rumney Bridge, and from the Four Ash Gate, by Pont-clyvon, by the Alms Houses at Cunnwr, by vella, by Teveree Wood, over Earles Wood, to Shire Newton Church, and from Coad Cunnwrs Alms Houses, by the Bay Her, over Earles Wood, and from Llangibby Church, through the Parish of Tredunnock, over Bridge, by the Lloyna, to a Place called the Great Farm, on the Road leading up Peny Cae in the Parish

of Lantriffent, and from Tredunnock Church, through the Parishes of Tredunnock, Langibby, Landegveth, Lanthewy Vach, and Panteagne, to the Highway between Cross y Cylog, and the New Inn in the Turnpike Road leading

8 A from

Chepfto#

Ruads.

Accounts

from the Chamberlain of London.

640 1* FebruariL . 1770.

from Caefleonto Pont poo/, and from Chapel, to

the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Goytrer, leading from Pontpool to Abergavenny, and also the Road leading from the ‘Queen s Head Inn, in the Pari ill of -

corney, in the said County of Monmouth, through the said Parish, and through the Parish of Corny ov, in the said Parish, through the Parish of Cornyoy, in the County of Hertford, and from thence through the Parish of Old Castle, in the said County of , through Ctoduck,

to Longtown, in the said County of Hereford, and from

Long Tozvh, by Peny Wain, through the Parish of Church’ Ejh/ey by a Place called Lloyn in the Parish of St. Margaretts, over Ur if: Hay through

Snowd Hi//, in the Parish of through Dor-

fton, to the Tied Lyon, in the Parish of Breadwardine, in -the said County of Hereford, and from Lloyn Onn, Over the said Un\fhHay Common, through SnowdHill Park, through the Parishes of and Cufop, to

the Town of Hay, in Brecon/hand from through the Bage, in the said Parish of , to join

the Turnpike Road at the Hardwick, in the Parish of Clifford, leading to the Hay, and from the Royal Oak, in the said Parish of Clifford, to Whitney Passage, in the said County of Hereford, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in feme Plaqes, and incommodious to Paf-lengers, and cannot be effectually made, repaired, widened, turned, and altered, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual, the said Act, and for making, repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the said last mentioned Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee t And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appeal- to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Morgan, Mr. Powell, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Mr. Montague, from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of federal Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of don, on the 5th Day of "July 1769: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance oft he Acts for building and completing the Bridge at Black Fryars, from the 28th Day of September 1768,

exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1769, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance. of the Act for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London, from the 28th Day of September 1768, exclusive, to the 28th Day of Sep 1769, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Act for repairing The Royal Exchange, in the City of London, from the 28th Day ot September 1768, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1769, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Act for embanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames, from the 28th Day of September 1768,

exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1769, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Act for better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, from the 28th Day of September 1768, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1769, inclusive.

And then he wirhdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

16

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Blackftonepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Pill to enable William Head, Esquire, a Minor,' and his Issue, to take and u(e the Surname of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read tire First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1770; was read a Second Time*

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him’ to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrowr Morning.

A Petition of the several Merchants, Malfters, and Ship Owners from that Part of the Sea Coast, in the County of Norfolk, that lies between the Borough of King’s Lynn and the Borough of Great Yar, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Advantages have arisen from the Acts passed, granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of Malt, when the Price did not exceed 24 Shillings the Quarter; and that large Sums of Money have been remitted into Great Britain by such Export; but that the Prohibition for these Three Years past, though justly founded upon the high Price of Grain, hath been a heavy Grievance to such of the Petitioners as are Occupiers of Malthouses, and to others Owners ol small Vessels built and fit only for the Employment of transporting Malt, and that the for Want of their usual Supply from Great Britain, have established a Correspondence with Hamburgh,

and other Countries, for Barley; and that they do now make it into Malt in Holland; and that the total Lois of this very valuable Branch of Trade, it is to be feared, will ensue, unless the Exportation of Malt, with the accustomed Bounty, be permitted when the Price of Grain is reasonable; and representing to the House, that the present Price of Grain is very reasonable, the Medium of Barley for Mailing being but 14J. a Quarter, which is jor. a Quarter below the Bounty Price, and that of all other Grain in Proportion; and that, in this County, in which Barley is chiefly manufactured into Malt for Exportation, there is at present very large quantities of damaged Barley, owing to the Wetnels of the last Season, useless for any other Purpolo; and therefore request a Permission to export Malt, with the

Heid’s N amt:.

Supply Bill* Mali, ic.

Army }

M utiny and

Defcrtiort*

Exporrarfo*

of

Malt*

io Geo. III. i° — 2° Februarii. 641

Dover HU dli on.

Duties on

Tallow,

&c.

the usual Bounty; the consequenCc of which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be beneficial, not only to them-ft-lyes, but the Kingdom in general: And therefore the Petitioners submit the above to the Consideration of the Hout'e, and wait for such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do hear the Matter of the Petition of John Trevaition, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, upon

day the 21st Day of this Instant February.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Sazvbridge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris,2° die Februarii;

Anno io* Georgii IIIu: Regis, 1770.

Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, be further continued, and the Powers of the said Two First mentioned Acts are altered and enlarged; and that the Road from the said First mentioned Road, near the Ferrry House, in the Parish of Ferns ford, in the County of , through

Little Barford, in the said County, and through Eynef-bury and Saint Neot's, in the County of , to

a Close in Eaton Sokou, called Poor; and from thence, along Croft-hall Lane, to that Part of the First mentioned Road which runs by the Top of the said Lane, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in some Places too narrow, and cannot be sufficiently repaired, amended, and widened, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it will be a great Convenience to have the aforesaid Road, leading to the said Close, continued or carried through the fame, to the aforesaid Road leading from the said Close along Cross-hall , but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the several Terms granted , by the aforesaid several Acts of Parliament, and for making and giving further and other Provisions and Powers, for repairing the Road in the said Two First mentioned Acts described, or mentioned, and making the same more effectual; and also for.repairing, amending, and widening, the several o^her Roads herein before mentioned, and continuing or carrying the Road herein before mentioned, to be leading out of or from the said First mentioned Road to the said Close through the fame, to the aforesaid Road herein before mentioned, to be leading from the said Close, along the aforesaid Lane called Cross-hall Lane, to that Part of the said First mentioned Road which runs by the Top of the said. Lane, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; arid report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ongley, Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

Pray e ns.

Bigpjefwade, A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in &c. Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the

oa s. Eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for repairing and amending the Road from Bigglefivade, in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alconbury, to the Top of Akonbury Hill, or Cross

Post, leading into Santery Lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road, and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall, in Eaton So. kon, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon; and ano^ ther Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said First mentioned Act, and of several other Persons Inhabitants of the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon, whoffe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, and have contracted several Debts, for Work and Materials for the Repair thereof; but find that the said Road cannot be elleftually repaired, amended, and widened, and the Money now owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, and - for Repairs of the said Road, be repaid, unlei's the Term granted by the said Acts, and the additional Term granted by an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, and Vol. 32.

The Lord Burgherjh reported from the Committee, to Lyme Reg), whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Roads. Freeholders, and Inhabitants, residing in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, Trustees of the Regis Turn-

pike Act, and others whose Names are subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, was read: And,

Mr. Benjamin Fullett, Treasurer to the said Trustees, being examined, said, That the Sum of £ 4,000 has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which has been applied towards repairing the said Roads, and is still owing upon the Credit of the said Act.

That the annual Produce of the Tolls is about f. 300, which is not sufficient to pay off the said Debt, and put the Roads in sufficient Repair, during the Term of the said Act.

That several Pow'ers are wanting to render the said Act effectual, particularly to prevent evading the Tolls.

That the several other Roads mentioned in the Petition, are narrow and ruinous, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be of public Utility if the said Roads were properly repaired.

Mr.

Mftcird

hiewiion.

Derby Hills Inclosure.

Normanton upon Soar Inclosure.

2° Febructrii.

A. 1770.

Mr. John Norman confirmed the Evidence given by

Mr. Fo/lett.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads, in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the ThAJhes, in the Parish of Cretvkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned: And that the Lord and

Mr. Fane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor and Capital Burgesses of the Borough of LJheard, in the County of Cornwall, and others, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending several Roads, leading from the said Borough of Liskeard, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, living near and travelling the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed and expended a considerable Sum of Money, but find the (kid Road cannot be effectually repaired, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued* and the Powers enlarged; and that the Road leading from a Street in the said Borough, called Barn Street, to Dvloe Church; and also the Road leading from a Street called Lux Street, to Crathick Ford, in the Road leading to the Borough of in the said County; and also the Road leading from a Place called Bull Post, to the Four Lane End called Cross, in the Road to Saint Clear Church, in the said County, are very ruinous and dangerous: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to prolong the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of the said Act, and for the repairing and widening the said other Roads or Highways, with such Powers and Instructions, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Salt, Mr. Gray, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fiye of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of Sir Peniston Lamb, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Castle Donnington, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, and of Richard Sale, John Bakewell, and others, having Right of Common, in, over, and upon, a certain Common, or Piece' of Waste Ground, called Derby Hills, within the said Manor,' was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, is, in its present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same was divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners and others interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, the Lord Burgherjh, and Mr. Clarke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tithes, and Common Rights, in the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pasture, and other Commonable Lands in the Parish of Normanton upon Soar, in the County of Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto set, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners Property in the said Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, are greatly dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, not capable1 of any considerable Improvement, and that it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Willoughby and Mr. Hewett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Fiefchi Herteage, Esquire, Lotd Benniwottb of the Manor of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, ^,lclo^ure* and a Proprietor of a great Part of the Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Bemiworth, and of the Reverend Grove Curtois, Rest or of the Parish and Parish Church of Benniworth aforesaid; and also of Charles Fere Dashwood, Esquire, and Langley Gace, Esquire, Proprietors, of Lands and Grounds lying within the . said Parish, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That within the said Parish there are certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, confiding of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, distinguished by the several Names of the,

Low Field, Low Field Meadow, Brejjock, Stock South Ings, High North Pasture, Low North Pasture,

High South Pasture, and Low South Pasture, or other Names, containing together, by Estimation, 2,292 Acres, and that the Lands lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of great Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of Advantage to all the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing of the said Open and Common Fields and Grounds, in the Parish of Benniworth afere-said, in such Manner, apd under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

H'hichcot, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Lord Brownlow Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, BHebthelai. Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Sujj'ex, and "£ne» of the several Persons usually travelling the Road from Road, the Market Town of Brighthelmstone, to London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the High Road leading from the Market Town of Brighthelmstone, through the Parishes of Preston, Patcham,

Pycombe, Clayton, Keymer, Ditcheling, and Hurfiperpoint, by Stone Pound, through Clayton, across Saint Johns Common, through the Parish and Market Town of -field, to Hand Cross, through the Parishes of Slaughatn and Crawley, to the County Oak on Lovell , is in a very bad and founderous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and in some Places impassable in the Winter, and dangerous at most Times in the Year; and that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws in being, be effectually amended, widened, and l&pt in Repair; and that the making the said Road safe and commodious would be of general Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending the said Road, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

Cardigan

Road.

Fetersfield

Writ.

Accounts j Herring Fishery.

Ditto.

Accounts;

Customs,

Scotland.

to Geo. III. 2° Februarii. 643

And it is referred to Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Gray, &c.: from the ioili of 1768, to the 10th of Ofioker

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the 1769: And also,

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to An Account of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that have, before the 8th

of November 1769, been exported from , to any

The Lord UJbutne presented to the House, according Place whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of any of to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads the Liberties or Powers given or granted for that Pur-in the County of Cardigan: And the same was received; pose, by the Act 9 Geo. III.; distinguishing to what and read the First Time. Places the same have been exported,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Parliament for the Borough of Fetersfield, in the County Papers of this Session.

of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable

Welbore Ellis, who, since his Election for the said Bo- A Petition of several Freemen of the Town and Port Dover rough, hath accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer and of Dovin the County of Kent, was presented to the Election. Receiver General and Paymaster General of all His House, and read; Setting forth. That at the last Election Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland. of a Baron to serve in Parliament for the said Town

and Port, Sir Thomas Pym Baronet, and John

Notice being taken of the Orders made upon the Trevanio, Esquire, were Candidates, and John 24th Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament, Mayor, presided as Returning Officer; and that during that the Accounts therein mentioned might be prepared, the Poll, the said John Colman admitted several Persons in order to be laid before the House in this Session of to poll for the said Sir Thomas Pym , who had no Parliament} Colour of Right, and refused several Persons, who of-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an fered to vote for the said John , who had an un-

Account of the Number of BufTes which have been doubted Right; and that the said Sir Thomas Pym Hales, cleared out for the White Herring Fishery, at the several by himself, or Agents, was guilty of divers corrupt and ^orts in Great Britain, from the Year 1750, as far as illegal Practices, in order to procure himself to be elected the same can be made up; together with the Number and returned; and that by such, acd several other unwar-of Men, the Tonnage, the Quantity of Fish taken, and rantable Proceedings, of the said Sir Thomas Pym Hales, the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid $ and the said John Colman, and others, both before and dist each Year. during the Time of the Election, a pretended Majority

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an hath been procured, in Favour of the said Sir Thomas Account of the Monies which have been produced out Pym Hales, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, and of His Majesty’s Customs in Great Britain, and are ap- the rest of the Freemen of the said Town and Port: plicable to the Payment of the said Bounties, from the And therefore praying the House to take the Premises.

Year 1750, as far as the same can be made up; dif- into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief, as to tinguishing each Year. the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Account of the Monies which have been certified to be sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: due, and are now in Arrear, on account of the said And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and Bounties; dist each Year. report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the

House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended mittee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Peti-at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- tion, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, of John Trevanion, Esquire, is ordered to be heard.

An Account of the Number of BufTes which have been cleared out for the White Herring Fishery, at the Mr. Salt reported from the Committee, to whom the Schneider’* several Ports in Scotland, from the Year 1750, as far as Bill for naturalizing John Caspar Schneider, was com-the same can be made up; together with the Number of mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allcga-Men, the Tonnage, and Quantity of Fiffi taken, and tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid; that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill distinguishing each Year: And also, to the House, without any Amendment: And he de-

An Account of the Monies which have been produced livered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, out of His Majesty’s Customs in Scotland, and are ap- Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. plicable to the Payment of the Bounties on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fiffieiy, from the Year The House being informed, that Mr. Brown, from Accounts; 1750, to the Year 1770; distinguishing each Year: the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Customs,

And also, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented' to the Scotland.

An Account of the Monies which have been certified House, pursuant to their Orders, to be due, and are now in Arrear, as the Bounty on An Account of the Number of BufTes which have BufTes fitted out for the White Herring Fishery in Scot- been cleared out for the White Herring Fishery, at the land; distinguishing each Year. several Ports in Great Britain, from the Year 1750,3s

far as the same can be made up; with the Number of Mr. Rowe also, from the Commissioners of the Customs Men, Tonnage, and Quantity of Fiffi taken; distinguisfi-in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to several ing each Year: And also,

Atts of Parliament, An Account of the Monies which have been produced

An Account of what Number of Ships, from Scotland, out of His Majesty’s Customs in England, and are ap-have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to Davis's plicable to the Payment of the Bounties for the White

Straits and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Herring Fishery, from Christmas 1750, to 5 January

Names and Burthen.', from whence they were fitted out, 1770; dist each Year: And also, and at what Port they were discharged, and also what An Account of the Amount of the Bounties which Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, . have been paid,- by the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Vol. 32. 8 B* Customs

Newcastle

Krelmen,

fcc*

Duties on Tallow,&c.

2° Februarii.

A. 1770.

Customs in England, on the British White Herring Fishery, from the Year 1750, to the 5th January 1770 j distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the ' Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Robert TreaRichard Wind, James

Cumings, Robert Coventry, William Nichoifon,

Elder, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Skippers and Keelmen employed by Hoaftmen or Fitters of Newjcafile upon Tyne, and also Skippers and Castors employed by Fitters of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham, in working, navigating, unloading, or delivering Keels, upon the Rivers Tyne and Wear, on Behalf of themselves and others. Skippers, Keelmen, and Castors, so employed there, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That several Statutes have been made for the better Maintenance of Keels and Keel Boats, in the Port of Newcastle and the Members thereof, and particularly a Statute of the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Third, whereby several Regulations are therein provided for the Benefit of the Coal Trade; and that several Abuses and Impositions have for some Time past been practised by a greater Measure having been put upon the Petitioners than is warranted by the said Regulation, not only tending to the Diminution of His Majesty’s Customs and other Duties, but to the great Loss of the Petitioners; and that the Keelmen employed in navigating Keels upon the said Rivers, being very numerous, and obliged to reside in some few Places near the said Rivers, and have, together with their Wives and Children, in Cafes of Distress, arising from Sickness, Age, and other Causes, been truly miserable, for want of Parochial or public Relief, and especially as to such of them as were Natives of Scotland, have lately instituted a Society, for the Purpose of relieving of poor indigent Keelmen, their Wives and Children, by a Fund to be raised, from time to time, by the several Members thereof, by Stoppages out of their respective Wages; and that it would tend greatly to the Quiet and Relief of the Petitioners, to have the Measure of Coals, Ballast, isle, restrained to Eight Chaldron to each Keel, and to have the said Society established and extended, which cannot be effectually obtained without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Ridley, See.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, for Leave to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

zi

tuled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease.

And Mr. Alderman Sawbridge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act to discontinue for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease: And that Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, and Sir Joseph Mawbey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Cailler’4-

was read the third Time. Nat‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for naturalizing John Daniel Cailler.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfed.

Army Mutiny an<l Desertion*

A Petition of John Julius Angerjlein, was presented Angerftein’s to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Nat. given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the iaid Petition: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. De Grey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill} to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Malt* *c-upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1770, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly >

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1770, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1768, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1770.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receivrthe fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

'Ordared, That there be laid before this House, an Account} Account of what Money has Been paid for Bounties on Gnen. the Exportation of British and hish Linens, from the First Day of May 1756, to the First Day of January

177°

10 GeO. III. 5° Februarii. ' 645

1770; distinguishing each Year, and how much for Irish, and how much for Linens.

WHdenFerry, A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Na*

R 10 vigation from the Trent to the was presented to

Gap!? the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act,

Navigation* made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were impowered to make and maintain a Navigable Cut, or Canal, paftable for Boats, Barges, and other Veflils, from the River Trent, near Wilden Bridge, below Ferry, in the County of

Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap; and that the Petitioners have completed a considerable Part of the said Canal, and are proceeding with great Expedition in the Execution of the remaining Parts thereof j but find that the Sums authorized to be raised by the said Act, will not be sufficient to complete the said Undertaking, and that, in order to finish and perfect the fame, it is necessary some Amendments should be made in several of the Provisions of the said Act, and some further Powers given: And therefore praying. That . Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, and to give such further and other Powers as shall ' be necessary for completing and maintaining the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. De Grey, &c. s And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bicelter The Earl Ferney reported from the Committee, to to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Ayldbury Land Owners, and Inhabitants, redding in and near the Road* several Paridies and Vills of Bicester, in the County of Oxford, Ludgershall, WaFleetmarston,

and Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read j and is as followeth i viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Reverend Mr. Butler was examined, who said. He knows the Road from Aylesbury to Bicester; that it is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and frequently overflowed with Water} that several Bridges are wanted, which cannot be built, nor the Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester, in the 1 County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks:

And that the Earl Verney, Mr. Aubrey, and Mr. Hopkins, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Halleughtott Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-Inclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, and certain Commonable Places, in the Parish of , in the County of

J.eicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

’ Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported trom the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sixteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea

Vox.. 32.

Service for the Year 1770, including Four thousand Two hundred Eighty-seven Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Sixteen thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Dav being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply: hext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean,. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till , ing next. Nine of the Clock.

- I----- J - - — L----’

Lunce, 5* die Februarii;

Anno io* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Leeds Traders and Inhabitants, redding in and near the to . Market Towns of Leeds, Bradford, Bingliy, Kighley, Skip-ton and Settle, in the County of Yoand the Town or Port of Liverpool, and the several Market Towns of Colne, Burnley, Clithero,' Blackburn, Preston, and in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, may be made, from a convenient Part of the Market Towns of Leeds aforesaid, through or near the Market Towns of Bradford, Bingley, Kighley, Skipton, and Settle, in the County of York, and through or near the Market Towns of Colne, Burnley, Clithero, Blackburn, Preston, and Ormskirk, in the said County of Lancaster, to and through a certain Closeof Ground, the Property of William Berry, of Liverpool aforesaid. Gentleman, lying near Love Lane, on the North West Side of the said Town and Port of Liverpool, and from thence to the River Mersey, whereby a safe, easy, and expeditious Communication will be opened between the great Trading Towns or Ports of Liverpool and Hull, and between the said Ports and the Market Towns above mentioned, and Other the interior and populous Parts of the said Counties of York and Lancaster, bordering upon, and lying near to, the Course of the said intended Canal; in most or all of which Towns and Places, various Branches of the Woollen,

Cotton, Linen, and other valuable Manufactures, are now carried on; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, by making of the said Navigable Canal, the Carriage or Conveyance of the Materials to supply such Manufactures, and also of divers Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and of Stone, Lime, Coals, Slate, Flag, Corn,

Timber, and other Commodities, will be very much facilitated, and rendered less expensive; and that the same will greatly tend to the Benefit and Extension of Trade and Commerce, the Improvement of Lands, Encouragement of Agriculture, and the Employment of the Poor, and will be the Means of reducing the Price of Provisions, and be of great public Utility: And there- fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Canal, from a convenient Part of the said Town of,

through

Saddington

Inclol’urc.

Avlefhury,

&c.

Reads.

Head’s

Name.

Newport

Writ.

Yarmouth

Writ.

Martrtn

Inclosure.

5* Februarii.

A. 1770.

through or near the several Market Towns before mentioned, to and through the said Close or Ground belonging to the said William Berryand thence down to the Mer/eyaforesaid, in such Manner, and with, such Powers, apd Pi ovi lions, and under such Regulations and Re-ftridions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir. George Savile, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Staunton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Sad ding ton, in the county of : And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackstone presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for amending the Road from , in

the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bcnfmgton and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable William Head, Esquire, a Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -stone, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of William De Esquire, who since his Election for the said borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds, of Stoke, Desboroughand Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Charles Townshend, Esquire, who, since his

Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

A Petition of Charles Amcotts, Esquire, Lord of the Honor of Stowe and Wapentake of Well, in the County of Lincoln, and Lord of the Soil of the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parish of in the said

County, Parcel of the same Seigniory; and of John Wilberfofs, Esquire, Thomas Hutton, Esquire, Elizabeth Rayner, Spinster, and several other Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Paftufe Grounds, and Stinted Pastures, within the Lid Township and Parish of Marton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the Proprietors of the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, in the said Parish, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are at present incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the same were allotted, divided, and inclosed, and Satisfaction made to the Impropriator of the Great Tithes, and Vicar of the Parish Church of Marton aforesaid, for the Tithes of the said Parish, the same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir CecilWray and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. P

Sir William Meredith reported from the Committee, to Liverpool whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to licerrfe a Play- Theatre, house, in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, andfpund the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Most noble John Duke of Rut- Bottesford land. Lord of the Manor of Bottesford, together with Inclosure. the Hamlets of Eafihorpe and Normanton, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Leicester, and also Patron of the Rectory’ and Parish Church of Bottesford, aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Richard Stevens,. Clerk, Rector of the said Parish, and of several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Open Fields, Meadows,

Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, including the Hamlets of Eafihorpe and Normanton, certain Open Unincloled Common

Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, containing by Estimation 4,300’Acres, or thereabouts; and that a Division and Inclosure thereof would be of great Benefit to the Estates of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors interested therein: And -therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring iu a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in' a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Saint Leger, Lord George , and Mr. -ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Pewfton Lamb, Baronet, Richard South M!nu Heath, and William Tapp, of the City of London, Mer- Ro*<1* chant, and of Thomas Browne, Esquire, John Leman,

Esquire, John Scarancke, Esquire, George Poyner Bifse,

Esquire, Charles Barnes, Esquire, the Reverend William Willmott, Clerk, Charles Le Last, Esquire, the Reverend William Browne, Clerk, and John Heavifide, Gentleman,

Creditors and Mortgagees of the Tolls and Duties made payable by virtue of the Act of Parliament herein after-mentioned, and also of the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, an Act passed for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, whereby certain Tolls were granted, to commence from the lft of June \730, and to continue for the Term of 21 Years; and Power was thereby given to Trustees therein named to borrow Money on the Credit and Security of the said Tolls; and that the Petitioners, or those under whom they claim, have advanced divers Sums of Money, on the Credit anti Security of the said Tolls; and that, in the Seventeenth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, an Act passed for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the former Act, for the further Term of 21 Years; and that the last mentioned Act, and the further Term thereby granted, are near expiring, and there remains due to the Petitioners, on the Security of the said Tolls, divers.Sums of Money, amounting together to the principal Sum of £. 1,400, or thereabouts;

Matte rfcy ' laclosure*

Lfwci

to

Brighton

Ktmd.

Ratby

Iaclolurc

Black

Bourton

Inclosure.

io Geo. III. 5* Febru. 647

and the Petitioners will be in danger of losing the fame, unless the Term and Powers granted by the first-mentioned, Act shall be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the further continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act of the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Charhber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Freeholders and others, of the Parish of Matterfey, in the County of Nottingham, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Open Common Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to the Owners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Interests, it would be an Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be givep to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savi/e and Sir Thomas Frankland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colonel Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County oiSufex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. JoJias Smith, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Lewes to Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex, is in some Parts very bad, rough, and stony, and in other Parts very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to helmftone, in the County of Sussex: And that Colonel Hay, Mr. Vernon, and Mr. Hampden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, in Ratby, in the Parish of v and County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hotham, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of his Grace the Most noble George Duke df Marlborough, Proprietor in Fee of Twenty-nine Parts in Forty-one Parts to be divided, of all the Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Black in the County of

Oxford, and also Proprietor of Ten Parts of the said Forty one Parts to be divided, as Lessee under the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, in Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, Vot. 32.

within the said Parish, which lie greatly intermixed, and are of small Advantage to the Proprietors, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, it would be a considerabla Improvement to their respective Estates:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Charles Spencer and Mr. Hotham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral West well Church of Christ, in the University of Oxford, of the ^nc ^ure* Foundation of King Henry the Eighth, Owners of the Manor of Westwell, in the County of Oxford, and of a

very great Part of the Lands within the Manor and Parish of Westwell aforesaid, and also of the perpetual

Advowson of the Rectory of the said Parish, William Ley borne Leyborne, Esquire, Lessee of the said Manor and Lands under the said Dean and Chapter, and Richard Slade, Clerk, Rector of the said Parish, was pre-.fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open Common Fields, Lands, and Downs, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if divided into specific Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Charles Spencer and Mr. Hotham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse, Plymouth in the Town or Place commonly called or known by the Dock Town Name of Dock-Town, in the Parish of in Theatre,

the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walter, Mr. Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Complaint being made to the House, That Thomas Privilege. Giordani, a menial Servant of George Hobart, Esquire, a Member of this House, was, on Friday last, arrested by fames and Henry Ferguson, Bailiffs, and is now detained at the House of the said James and Henry Ferguson, in their Custody, in Stanhope Street, Clare Market, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

And Evidence being given to the House, That the said Thomas Giordani was, at the Time of his Arrest, a menial Servant to the said George Hobart, Esquire;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the yth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for preserving the Privileges of Ambassadors and other public Ministers of Foreign Princes and States, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed, That the said Thomas Giordani be forthwith discharged from his said Confinement; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame,

SC as

Uppingham

Inclosure.

Schneider’s

Nat.

Louth, &c. Roads.

Bourne

Drainage

50 Februarii. . 1770.

as it shall appear to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Complaint upon Wednesday next.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Earl of Gainsborough, Lord of the Manor of in the County of Rutland, the Reverend Edward Darell, Rector or Incumbent of the Rectory or Parsonage of Uppingham aforesaid, Robert Hotc, Esquire, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Fields of Uppingham aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors of the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement} and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to each Person interested, according to his and their Property therein, it would greatly tend to the Improvement of their respective Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Lord Brownlow Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Caspar Schneider.

Ordered, That Mr. Pennant do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns of Louth, Horncastle, Saltjleet, Tot hill, and Gay ton in the

Marsh, and of the principal Owners and Inhabitants of the Towns and Villages contiguous to, or through which, the Road herein after mentioned leads to the said Towns, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from fleet to Louth, and from Tothill and Gayton in the Marsh,

to Louth, and from thence to Horncastle, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow, and in feme Places dangerous, and cannot be properly widened, amended, and kept in sufficient Repair, by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, amending, and repairing the Great Road, from Saltjleet to Louth, and from the West End of SouthhouJ'e Lane, in the Parishes of Stut an and

to the North End of The Eau Bridge, in the Parishes of Tothill and Gayton in the Marsh, and from the West End of Manby Middlegate in the Parishes of

Grimoldby and Manby, to The Waggon Bridge, over the new navigable Canal at Alvingham, and from Louth to Horncastle, for such Term, in such Manner, by such Means, and with such Powers, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Amcotts reported trom the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting m Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourne, in the

17 ' ' '

Parts of Kejlcven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln-, and also of several of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, residing in and near the fame; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And Mr. Samuel Clerk to

the Commissioners, being examined, said, That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have proceeded in the Execution thereof} and that the Works already done have answered beyond Expectation: That the Tax imposed by the said Act will not be sufficient to discharge the Interest of Money borrowed, and of the further Sum necessary for completing the Works by the said Act directed, and keeping the same in Repair when completed, and for defraying the other Annual Expences.

And the Witness said. That £.32,000 has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which remains due; and that it will be necessary to raise the further Sum of £. 8,000, effectually to answer the Purposes thereby intended; that several of the Powers in the said Act have been found defective and inconvenient, particularly with regard to collecting the Taxes, and for scouring out Part of the Cans Dyke; that if Power was given to cleanse, deepen, and widen the River Glen, and to erect Locks and other Works upon the new Cut and Hammond Becks, and other Cuts, and to collect a Tonnage for Vessels passing and repassing, it would be of Advantage to the Owners of the Marsh and Fen Lands, as well as the Inhabitants of several Parts of the County of Lincoln: And,

Mr. Robert Kelkam, beingexamined, confirmed the above Evidence, except with respect to the Money borrowed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, An Act made ~

in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Low,

Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourne, in the Parts of KeJleven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and for improving the Navigation through the said Lands: And that Mr. Lord

Brownlow Bertie, Lord Robert Bertie, and Mr. Wliicheot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Soiithr.mptoo the Town of Southampton, in Common Council afifem- Sweets, bled, and of several Gentlemen and others, Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Houses,

Buildings, and Ground, within the said Town and Liberties, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other public Passages, within the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Rood,

Saint Lawrence, All Saints within Bar, All Saints without -the Bar, East Street, and Bagrow, within the said Town . I

and Liberties, are in a very ruinous Condition, ancfin general very, ill paved, repaired and cleaiifed, and the Passages thereof greatly obstructed; and that several of the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and public Passages, are in feme Parts thereof too narrow and in-, commodious; and that if the same were properly paved, repaired, cleansed, and widened, and the Nuisances and Annoyances therein removed, and prevented for the future, it would tend to the Benefit and Health of the Inhabit-;

ants of the said Town and Liberties, and all Persons retorting the reto: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, repairing, widening, and cleansing, the said Streets,

Squares, Lancs, Courts, Ways, and public Passages, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances

Holland Fen Inclosure.

io Geo. III. 50 Februarii,

ances therein, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Palmerflon, Mr. c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing a certain Fen, called the Haute Huntre, Eight Hundor Holland Fen, and

certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of , was

referred,) That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby the Commissioners are directed to make the Division Fences with Posts and Rails, and to plant Quicks on the Banks:

Mr. Robert Kelham, and Mr. being examined, said, That the said Fen has been divided by Fences made according to the Directions of the said Act; but that the Posts and Rails have been pulled down for many Miles together, and the greatest Part thereof chopped or broken in Pieces and destroyed by malicious Persons, in order to hinder the Execution of the said Act.

That if the Comissioners were impowered to pull down such Fences as yet remain, and to make proper Ditches to serve as Boundaries to the Allotments, it would be a great Advantage to the several Proprietors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing a certain Fen called the

Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Whichcot, Lord Brownlow Bertie, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Army: and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time. Dcferdon.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill, to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Right honourable Lord George Sackville, commonly called Lord George Sackville’*

and his Issue Male, to take, and use the Surname of ame' Germain, pursuant to the Will of the Right honourable the Lady Elizabeth Germain, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Right honourable George Sackville, commonly called Lord George Sackville, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of pursuant to the Will of the Right honourable the Lady Elizabeth Germain, deceased.

Ordered, That General Irwine do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1770: And also,

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and Account; paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster, Army Extras. General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 23d of December 1768, and the a6th of December 1769, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Estimate and Account areas followeth5 viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year 1770.

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

15,928 Out Pensioners Handing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at $d. per Diem each ----- l-i 00 £. . 121,119 3 4

103 Letter-Men, at 12 d.per Diem each ---- 5 3 — i>879 15 —

31 Serjeants, at 9 d.per Diem each - - - i 3 3 424 6 3

16,062 338 2 11 123,423 4 7

From which Deduct

The Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds, which by Estimation may be applicable towards defraying the Expence out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 1770 11,000 — —

WJ A M f A Am M A A A i. £ M 1m A I la U *« 4 M ASIA £ / ' L. /1 m T T a. 1m. . A

XvLllMHlj LVA UC gldlllLU U^A/U ALLUUlll 1UI lllw VyUl i ClUtUilClo UI L4/ltlJCC* X lUipildl) lvi lllC X Cdl *77° " C t 2S; 112,423 4 7

War Office, Jth February 1770.

Barrington.

Vol. 32. Air

<55°

5° Februarii.

A. 1770

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigbyt Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 23d of December 1768 and the 26th of December 1769, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

1769. Jan* 24.

April 28.

My *3-

Novr 21.

April 28.

My I3*

Novr 21.

oer 13. Nov. 21. July 6. Mar. 14th. Sepr 19.

Mar. 15. June 21.

0sir 13.

M' *4-

Mar. 7.

Apr. 7.

»4-

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Governor for Public Services in

the ceded. Islands -

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Ulysses , Esq'; £. s. d.

for public Services in the ceded Islands - 200-

To Bills of Exchange drawn by D°, for D° Services in

Ditto - - 1,264 8 3

To Bills of Exchange drawn by D°, for D° Services in D° ----- 2,91a — —

To Bills of Exchange drawn by D®, for D" Services in

D"

1,566 16

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Governor for the

public Services at Quebec - - - - 100 — - —

To Bills of Exchange drawn by D°, for D® Services at

Ditto - 4,300 — —

To Bills of Exchange drawn by D®, for D® Services at

Ditto - - 3,640 — —

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Govr Tre/awney, for the

Service of the Musquito Shore - - - 300 — —

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by D°, for D# Service - - 64 17 11£

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Lieut. Gov' , on

Account of the Settlement of the Island of St. John To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Lieut. Gen1 Cornwallis, for Public Services at Gibraltar -To a Bill of Exchange drawn by D°, for D® Services at Ditto ——

To Tito'Harley and John Drummond, Esq"; to be by them

applied and inverted in the Purchasing of and

Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of the Forces in North America ----- 30,000 — —

To the Representatives of S' Sam1 FludBar*, and John Drummond ', F.fq'; towards satisfying them for the Sums advanced in purchasing of Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Service of the Forces in North America. - - 26,246 — — -

To Thtf Harley and John Drummond, Esq'*; to be by them -

applied and inverted in the Purchasing of D\ for the Use and Services of D° in D® . - - - - 20,000 — —

700 13 io£ 562 18 9

To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and

Esq"; for Victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Que* bee and Montreal, and for Provisions issued to

and to sundry Nations of friendly , between 24th

August 1768, and the 25 of October following - - 1,935 I

To D" for Victualling the Forces in the Upper Country, between 11 June 1768, and 30th Sept following - - 518 17

To D% for Vidt‘-the Forces within the Provinces of New York,

New Jersey, South Carolina, and , between 25th

August 1768, and the 24th of Noverhber following - *,139

To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esq"; for Victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachusets Bay, between 2 5 1768, and the 24 Deer following - 1,468 7

To D®, for Victualling the Forces at the Illinois, (Ac. to the,

30th of QSf 1768 - - 2,717 3

7 3

8

9

3

I. s. J.

600 -

3*943 4 3

8,040 — —

364 17 nf 2,210 12 10

1,263 «2 7*

76,246 -

Mar

io Geo. III.

Februarii.

651

Da'es of Warrant#,

1769.

May 5.

June 15. July 14.

4-

14.

21.

*8.

21.

£)ccr 12.

i.-6

2o

13.

NovT 21.

Afar. 14.

15. Ocl. 14. Nov 21.

Mar. 21. Aug 24.

To D®, for Victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of

and Montreal, between 24 October and 25 of December

1768 -

To D®, for Victualling the Forces in the Province of -

vania, between 25 August and 24 of DecT 1768 To D% for Victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New

York, New Jersey, and Majfachufe between the 25

DecT 1768 and 24 JatP 1769 -To D®, for Victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25 Dec' 1768 and the 24,h of Feb* 1769

To D°, for Victualling the Forces within the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachusetts Bay, between the 25 of Jan* 1769 and the 24th of March following To D® for Victualling the Forces in the Province of Pensylvania, between the 25 Decernr 1768 and the 24 March following - -

To D°, for Victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York, Neiv Jersey, Massachusetts Bay, and South Carolina, between the 2 5 March 1769 and 24 April following To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esq'* j for Victualling the Forces at Quebec and between 24 Feb* 1769 and the 24 April following To D®, for Victualling the Forces in the Upper Country, between the 25 Febr* 1769 and 9 of June following To D% for Victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, and for Provisions issued to friendly Indians, and also for the Use of the Garrison of the 3 Rivers, between the 25 of April 1769 and 24 5^«e following -To D4, for Victualling the Forces at New York , New Jetfey, and Massachusetts Bay, between 25 April 1769 and the 24 of June following

To D®, for Victualling the Forces at Fort Chartres and the Illinois, between Jo October 1768 and the 12 of May

1769 - -

To D®, for Victualling the Forces tn the Province of Penfyl-oatiia, between the 25 of March and 24 June 1769 To D®, for Victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York, Nerv Jersey, Massachusetts Bay, and South Carolina, between the 25 of June and the 24'® 1769

To D®, for Victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal>between the 25 of June and the 24

1769 " - . ‘; -

To D®, for Victualling the Forces in the Province of PenfyU vania, between the 25th of June and, the 24 of September 1769 - - - ‘ = *

To Chattncy Townshend, Esq; for Victualling 301 Men in Newfoundland, to the 28 Decent 1768 -

To D® for Victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 3d July&nd 27 Aug* 1769 - -

To Richd Vernon Sadlier, Esqr t for Provisions issued to the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 19 Seps 1768 and the 15 Jan* 1769 -

To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D®, between the 16 JatP 1769 and 9 April following -To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D®, between 10 April 1769 and the 4*" of June following -

To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D®, between 5 June 1769 and 24 Augttjl following -

To Edward Codrington, EsqT; for Victualling the Forces in West Florida, and for Provisions issued for the Use of the Forces at Iberville and the Natches, (Ac. between 23 and the 24th of 0£V 1768 -

To D®, for Victualling the Forces at Pensacola and Mobille, and for Provisions damaged by long keeping, between 10 JatP 1767 and the 24'" April 1769 -

£. s. d. 1,919 4 — 1,771 12 9

1,576 12 1

1,720 12 4

2,189 15 —

*>375 *9 1,254 9 8

*.75i — 9 7»934 8 7

4,734 4 a

2,54° 2 9

5>i3° 4 6 j»578 a 3

2,706 5 3 i>954 7 .744 4 a

2,474 8 6

55-5 3 *

918 13 8 590 18 z 482 17 1

1,044 9 *

5,915 12 1 6,241 16 4

Feb ' 13. To Me(T* Cuming and Mason, for Victualling the Forces in East Florida, between 25 June 1768 and 20 Novr follow-

V<j l. 32. D

*,043 *5 8

49,640 7 —

3,029 11 j

3,036 18 9

12,157 8 5

To

1

6 52

Dates of Warrants.

«769.

May OET19.

May 5.

Aug 24. Dec? 12.

FelA 22i

Apr. 7. 14.

J7*

May TO. "June 15.

I3*

21.

Sept. 20.

Dff’' 23. Jar? 24.

23.

r. 25. 5.

7«/y 14. Aug 4.

<SV/>/r 21.

i'V#' 22(3.

15.

il/ar. 14.

May 22.

24.

14.

Apr. 7.

5° Februarii.

1770.

To D® for Victualling the Forces In D* between the 21 of Nov’1 1768 and the ia Feb1' 1769 -

To D®, for Victualling the Forces in D% between the 13 Feb* 1769 and 24 April following *

To Sam1 Smith, Esqrj for Victualling the Forces at Gambia

and Senegal, between the 8 of April 1768 and the 15 January 1769 -

To D°, for Victualling the Forces at D®, between the i6,ft Janryand 31 March 1769 - -

To D®, for Victualling the Forces at D®, between 1" of April and 30 June 1768 -

To Arty Bacon, Esq*; for Victualling the Forces at 'Tobago,

Grenada, &c. between 1" OET 1767 and 30th NoV 1768 -To D°, for Victualling the Forces at S‘ Vincent To D®, for Victualling the Forces in the ceded Islands To D®, for Provisions burnt, ttolen, and condemned as un-’ serviceable for Victualling the Forces in D® -To D® for Victualling the Forces at Dominica, between i’* April 2nd 30 June 1768- - - - - *

To D° for Provisions shipped at Grenada, for the Forces at St. Vincent and Dominica -

To D®, on Account of Provisions sent for the Forces at Grenada, Tobago, Se Vincent, and Dominica -To D®, on Account of Provisions for the Forces at Tobago -To D", for Provisions shipped at Grenada, for the Forces at S‘ Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago, and for Provisions i filled at Grenada and Carriacou, between the 30 Novr 1768 and 30 June 1769 -

To D®, for Victualling the Forces irt the ceded Islands, between 30 June 1769 and 30 following

To Zachary Philip Fonnereau, Esq; and Sir Merrick Burrell, Bar' for Victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, between 12th September 1768 and 6 Novrfollowing -

To D®, for Victualling D°, between the 7 of November and the December 1768 -

To D®, for Victualling Dd, between 5 Deer 1768 and the irt Janry 1769 ——

To D®, for Victualling D®, between 2 1769, and the

29th of the same Month - -

To D® for Victualling'D®, between 30th of and the 26 of Febry 1769 - -

To D®, for. Victualling D®, between 27,h and the 23d of April 1769

To D", for Victualling D®, between 24 April 2nd 21" of 1769 -

To D®, for Victualling of D®, between 2 2d of May and the 18 of June 1769 - _- - - ,-

To D", for Victualling of D®, between 19 and -16"1 of '' July 1769 . - -

To Nick’ Linwood, Esqr; for Provisions font by

way of Impfeft arid upon Account To D®, for Provisions sent to Ditto, upon Account - .

To Anty Bacon, Esqr -, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Hie of Man, between 5^ of October 1768 and the 24 Jag* 1769 -

To D®, for Provisions and Forage delivered to D® ill D®, between the 25 January 2nd 8 of April 1769 -

To Anty Bacon, Esq'; for Provisions and Forage delivered to

the Troops in the Hie of Man, between g:‘ of and the 7 of July 1 769 -

To AnV Bacon and Lewis Chauv Esq"; for Negroes employed and victualled in the Islands of Grenada and go, between the 1" April 1768 and 30 Sept'' following, for the Public Service - -

To D®, for Negroes employed and victualled in the Islands of Dominica and Grenada, between 1" of July and 31 D:cr

1768, for Public Service ,- -

828 13 8

85* 13 4

2,496 i 1 1,103 6 4

1,118 2 1

9,078 9 2

485 jo 10 1,190 14 2

2,788 12 6

M9 512 . 4

i,oi6 8 7

t,5co-----

3*500 — —

*4,940 it 4 2,980 6 5

4,374 16 8

2,169 10 — 2,163 2 9

2,178 12 8

2,172 — 7

4>326 3 8

2,195 H 2 2,263 17 4

1,927 — 10

7,500-----

4,coo — -

295 18 5

205 3 —

209 2 11

947 *3 ~

998 11 11

s. d.

2,724 2 8

4,717 to (

28,876 5

23,77° 13 8

11,500----

7, Q 4 4

To

io Geo. III.

5* Febrtlaf

Datrs ef Warrants.

'.1769-

June 15.

7^ 5.

Aug. 4. Sep'. 21. 29.

*759-July 31.

1760. vf/gf 20.

1 766. Apr. 22(1.

1768. ►AW. 30.

1769. May 11.

1768. AW. 30.

16.

1769. AfOy 29.

1763. Z)£r. 15.

1769. >« lj-

27.

y.V/V 2 3.

7««'*7-

3*-

Febv 10.

Vol.

To D% for Negroes erriployed and victualled in the Iflan'd of S' Vincent, between the 30 June and 30th of Septr 1768* for the Public Service -

To D°, for Negroes employed and victualled in Ditto Island between 31 Deer 1768 and 31 March 1769, for Public Service ‘ - -

To D\ for Negroes employed and victualled in the Islands of S' Dominica and Grenada, between 1" Oclr 1768 and 31 March, 1769, for the Public Service -

To D°, for Negroes employed and victualled in the Islands of Grenadh, between 1 ".Apriland 30th June 1769, for the

Public Service - -

To D°, for Negroes employed and victualled in the Islands of S' Vincent and Dominica, between 30 Sepr 1 768 and 30 June 1769, for the Public Service

To 365 Days Pay of Tho' Cuthbtrt, Esqas a supernutnerary Capt.-in the 19th Reg' of JFoot, from 25 Decemr 1768 to the 24 of Decent 1769, both inclusive -

To 365 D’ Pay of Sam1 Lejlie, Esqrj as D# in thei4,n Regf of Foot, from D° to D° - -

To 365 D* D° of Geo. Monro, Esq'j Commissary of Stores in Scotland, from D" to D° -

To 365 D‘ Allowance to Major Rooke, as Major to the late 98 Reg1 of Foot, from D° to D* -

To 365 D’ D° to Major Blaguire, in lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons, from D° to Da - * -; -

To 131 D‘ Pay of Hugh Palliser, Esq^ as Governor of Newfoundland, from 25 Dtcemr 1768 to the 4th of May 1769, the Day he was superseded in that (government.

To MefT* Drummond and Cox, for the Pay of Five additional Surgeons Mates to the 36 Reg' of Foot at Jamaica, to 24 April 1768 - - - - .

To D\ for the Pay of D% to 24 *

To the Pay of several Commandants of Forts in N° America between 23 Dec' 1763 and 16 1764 -

To 89 D4 Pay of Col. IV"[lay lor, as Brigadier

General in North A;nerica, irqm27th September£. s. d.

to 24 Discin' following, both inclusive 133 to

To 166 D’ D° of D\ as D" in D°, from 10 Ja if 1 766 to 24 following, both inclusive

*49 '

(1

To the Representatives of Colonel late Com-

mlifary at Dunkirk, for. 84 D* Pay, from 24 to 16' Septan' 1768, being the Day of his Death

To Lieut. Col. Morrison, for 366, D‘ Pay of his T\vo Assistapts as Quarter Matter General, from 23 Decent' 1767 to 24 Dec'.176S, both inclusive. -

To Major Barry S’Leger, asSuperintendant of tlje Recruiting.

Service, for 184 D5 Pay, from the 24 June 1768 to 24 Dec'following, both inclusive , 172 4

To D°, as O'*, for 1S2 D’ D°, from 23 Dec' 1768 to 24 June 1769, both in* clutive - - - - 159 5 — *

C d.

680 9 4

664 18 6

864 t 6 3.88 6 4

t»895 — 9

To Mrs. Filter, Executrix to Thomas Ffq-; for the

Pay of Six add1 Surgeons Mates of the 43rd Reg‘ of Foot, from i6'n Sepr 1763 to 24 June' 1764 ' - -

To Capt. Jof. Smith Speer, for 956 D* Pay as Cap1 of a Fort at Black River on tire Mu/pulo Shore, from 7th Airy:ft 17 01 to 20 A larch 1764.- - -

To Bob’ Adair, Esqr; as inspector of Regimental Infirmaries, . for 366 D' Pay, from 25 Decent' 1767 to 24 Decern' 1768, both inclusive

182 10 —

182 10 — 182 10 — -

*73 *5 —

282 17 6

196 10 —

*56 <$ 7

206 13 9

54 -

382. 16 —

*94 " -

.: r

331 9 —:

l

♦ .1

286 19 2

49°:11 ' oi

549 — —

&A39 t 1

To

654

Dates of Warrants.

1769.

*4-

Felt 27.

Aug 24. Feb. 27* Mar. 22.

May 19.

OB. 18.

June 23. July 24.

27.

24.

Dec* 23d.

T*#* 13.

10.

27.

12.

27.

ivJ. 24. May 30.

50 Februa

To 366 D* Pay of Rolf Campbell, as Commandant of the Island of Jersey, from 25 DecT 1767 to 24 Deer 1768, both inclusive - -

To Mcfl'* Powell and Cooke, Agents and Solicitors to the Invalids, for the Pay of Two supernumerary Cap. belonging to the Invalids, for the Year 1768 -

To the Pay of several Commandants at Fort Charles Illinois, in North America, from 9,h OBr 1765 to 6th of Sep* tember 1768 -

To James Meyriek, Esqr j for 183 D* Pay of Eight additional Surgeons Mates of the 66th Reg' of Root, from the 25 June 1768 to 24 Decemr following, both inclusive To D°, for 182 D* D®, of D®, from 25 JDecemr 1768 to 24'1* of June 1769 - -

To 501 D‘ Pay of Col. Wm Amherst, as Aid de Camp to His Majesty, from 25 June 1767 to 24 December 1768 -To Lieut. Col. Gabriel Christie, for 156 D* Pay as Depr Quarter Master General in North America, from 23 Decent 1765 to 29 May 1766 -

To 201 D1 Pay of Capt. Andrew Frazer, as Commissary at Dunkirk, from 17 Sept 1768 to 5 April £. s. d.

1769, both inclusive - 301 10 «-

To 188 D* Pay of D°, as D®, at D®, from the 6,h of April 1769, to io'h following, both inclusive - - 282----

To 366 D’ add1 Pay of Major General Harvey, as Adjutant General, from 25 DecT 1767 to 24 1768, both inclusive ——

To 152 D* Pay of Col. Rob* Watson, as Aid de Camp to His Majesty, from 8 June to 6 Novr

1768, both inclusive - - - - 83 5 9

To 182 D* D®, of D®, as D®, to D®, from the 25th of DecernT 1768 to 24th of June 1769 ---- 166 — — *

To Majors General Clavering, Cary, Carpenter, for their Trouble and Expence in reviewing His Maj* Land Forces, in the Year 1769 -

To John Xpher Roberts, Esqr j for his additional Pay, as Commissary of Stores and Provisions, at Quebec, from 29 June 1768 to 24 June 1769, both inclusive - -

To 1442 D* Pay of Majr Rod Rogers, as Command'of Fort Michillimakanac, in North America, item 10 1766

to 21 Decernr 1769, both Inclusive, - - *

To Humphrey Bland Gardiner, Gent, for Necessaries fumished by him for the Use of the Forces in North Britain, for the Year 1768 -

To the Marquis of Lome, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him on divers Occasions, in Ditto To Geo. Ross and John Inglis, EsqM; for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Garrisons of Fort William, m Lochabar, Castle Duart, and Fort in the Barracks

of Bernera, Inverfnaid, Corgarff Castle and Bramer Castle, and in the Gar" of Fort George, from 1" Jart 1768 to the 31st*1 Decent following, both inclusive - -

To Lieut. Col. Rolf Sheene, Inspector of the Roads in the Highlands of Scotland, towards the Expence of the Roads and Bridges there, for the Year 1769 -

To John Campbell, Esqr; Cashier 01 the Royal Sank of Scotland, for a Bill of Exchange drawn by him for furnishing Specie to the Troops there, from 25 Decent 1767 to 25 Decent 1768 -

To John Powell, Esq'; for His Maj' Proportion of Coals delivered at Gibraltar, between n,h 767 and 7th

Sepr 1768 -

To Andrew Clinton, Esqr; to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces, that are or may be quartered in the Barracks at Plymouth -

£ s. d.

366 — —

221 7 6

399 — —

242 *3 to

241 7 3

274 10 5

78-----

583 10 —

366 — —

*83 5 9

2,737 >° —

108 6 —

721 — —

1,218 9 6 300----

2,071 10 a 6,973 *9 6

44t 3 5

3»*94 18 9

500----

A. 17 70.

X- 4

JO»757 9 6i

ii,c$3 2 7

3,694 18 9

i o Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1768. Nov. 30.

1769.

Jan. 27.

Feb. 10.

Apr. 7. NovT 29.

Nov, 29.

DecT 6.

1768. Nov. 16.

1769. Feb. 24.

Jan. 27.

Mar.

1768. Dec. 22.

1769. Jan. 27.

Feb. 27*

June 23.

1768. Dec' 16.

1769.

7.

29. Vol. 32,

50 Februarii.

To the Duke of Argyll, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in the Summer 1768, sundry Horses belonging to

his Reg' of Dragoons ---- 229 10 10J

To Sir John Mordaunt, for D® of his Reg* in Ditto Summer 151 9 —

To Lord Robert Manners, for D® of his Reg' of Drag" Gd'

in Ditto Summer ----- 191 3 7

To Lieut. Gen1 Mostyn, for D* of his Reg* of D°, in Ditto

Summer - - - - 179 59

To Col. Surgoyne, for extraordinary Feeding for the Horses, and for an extraordinary Allowance to Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Reg* of Dragoons, during the Time they were employed on His Maj' Duty, in the

Year 1768 - -- -- - 300-----

To the Marq* of Lothian, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in the Summer 1768, sundry Horses belonging to his Reg* of Drag* - - - 157 10 —

To Lieut. Gen1 Elliott, for Ditto of his Reg* in Ditto Summer 255 — i£

To Lieut. Gen1 Cholmondeley, for D® of his Reg* in the

Summer 1769 ----- 185 11 6

To Lieut. Gen1 Howard, for D® of his Regiment in Ditto

Summer - -- -- - 209 4 —

To Col. Burgoyne, for D* of his Regiment in Ditto Summer - 161 19 — -

To the Marq* of Lothian, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in the Summer 1769, sundry Horses belonging to his Reg* of Dragoons - - - 1571° —

To the R* HonbI# L* Gen1 Conway, for D" of his Reg* in

D° Summer - - 16119 —

To the Earl of Albemarle, for D# of his Regiment in Ditto

Summer - - 217 13 ij

To Lieut. Gen1 Mostyn, for D* of his Reg* of Drag" Guards

in D* Summer ---- 431 16 —

To Earl of IValdegrave, for D" of his Reg* of D* in Ditto

Summer - -- -- - 167 4 —

To Mess. John and Robert Drummond, to make good the Deficiency of Offreckonings of the 14 Reg* of Foot from 6th of May 1766 to the 5 May 1767 - - - - 143 13 3

To Geo. Ross, Esq'; to make good the Deficiency of Ditto of the 53'* lteg* of Foot, from 6th July 1767 to 5 July 1768 - -- 484 8 6

To John Winter, Esq*; to make good the Deficiency of D*

of the 54 Reg* of Foot, from D° to D® - - - 484 8 6

To Col. Worge, to replace several Sums of Money disbursed by him, on Account of Cloathing sundry Parties of his Reg* arrived from , in 1763 and 1764 ——

To Col. Pomeroy, in lieu of 57 D* Offreck* for the Additionals of his Re-gim* of Foot ——

To Col. Boyd, for Levy Money for 191 Men added to his

Reg* of Foot, at £.5 per Man - - - - 955-----

To Nath1 Clements, Esq*i for Levy Money for 171 Men added to the 64, and the like to the 65 Reg* of Foot, at

£.5 a Man - - - . - - - -1,710----

To Col. Mackay, for Buff Accoutrements for the Augmentation to the 65 Reg* of Foot, ordered from Ireland to North America - - - - 129 8 —

To MelT" Meyrick and Porter, for D# for the Augmentation

to the 64 Reg* of Foot, ordered from D® to D® - - 129 8 —

To Lieut. JV. Walford, to make good a Loss sustained by him in being ordered from Senegal to Padore, in the Year 1762.....35 19 —

To Lieut. Geo. Rigg, to make good the Loss he sustained in blowing up of the Magazine at Goree, the 15th of

1762.....- 93 7 6

To Lieut. Rob* Home, for one Horse and one Mule, loft on

Service in Portugal in the last War - - - - 30 — —

8 E

s. d.

3,156 16 —

1,112 10 3

646 13 8

61 7 8

2,665 *" —

258 16 —

To

6S6

Dates of Warrants.

1769.

Dec. 1 May 29.

J"(y 5-

Nov. 9.

1766.

jSVp/. 26.

1769.

Nov. 16.

1769.

F?A 24.

1768. AW. 22.

Dif. 22.

1769.

27.

20. Ff£. 10.

27.

/lug.24. Afar. 7.

22d.

A/ar. 22d.

-for. 7.

28.

A/ay 12. June 1. 2d.

Jan. z\

29.

50 Fehrmrii.

A. 1770.

To Lieut. Geo. Mackenzie, to replace Two Horses loft by

him in Germany, in the Campaigns 17602nd 1761 - - 30 — —

To Capt. John Fox, for a Loss sustained by him in Germany,

in the Year 1761 - - - - 160 9 —

To Rob* Adair, Esq; Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, to enable him to satisfy such Bills as are or may be drawn on him for the Pay of divers extraordinary Surgeons and Surgeon’s Mates, in the Ceded Islands, &c. upon Account - 1,000----

To D\ for the Pay of D°, in D®, on Account - 347 8 —

To D®. for the Pay of D°, in D®, on Account 1,300-----

To Samuel Lee, Surgeon, for curing ruptured Soldiers during the Year 1765

To Nath1 Clements, Esq; to replace Monies advanced by him to make good the Deficiency in the Recruiting Funds of the 54 and 57 Reg" of Foot, on their landing in Ireland -

To D®, to replace Waistcoats of Drafts from several Regim" in Ireland, and turned over to the io,h, i6,h, i8,h, 26,h, 64,h, and 65" Reg" of Foot, sent to North America -

To S’ W* Burnaby, Bart, for Expences incurred by him in settling the Log-

wood Cutters in the Bay of Honduras -

To M" Otway, Widow, to replace the like Sum advanced by her late Husband Capt. Otway, in victualling one Compr of the 49 Regim' of Foot, stationed in the Musquito Shore, from Jany 1763 to 20 FebTy 1764 -

To Geo. Ross, Esq; to be by him paid over to several Commissioned and Non-

commissioned Officers, who conducted Drafts to the East Indies in the Year 1762 ——

To Major Barry S* Leger, for his contingent Disbursements, as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service to the 4th of

1768 - -- 99 25

‘ To D", for D°, as D®, to 24 June 1676 - - 94 14 4

To Maj. Gen1 Harvey, for his contingent Disbursements as Adjutant Gen1, from 25 Ded 1767 to 24 Deer 1768 -

To Robert Adair, Esq'; for his conting' Disbursements as Inspector Gen1 of Regimental Infirmaries, from Ditto to Ditto Time -To D®, for D®, as D®, from 25 Deer 1768 to 24 June 1769 -To John Blackburne, Merch', for viCl* and maintaining Four Vessels on the Lakes Champlain, Ontario, Erie, and Huron, in North America, from 10

May 1768 to io'h Nov'' following - 1,600----

To John Blackburne, Merchant, fijr Supplying and victualling Four Vessels on the Lakes Champlain, Ontario, Erie, and Huron, in N° America, betwn 10 NovT 1768 and to May

1769 ----- 1,600----

To MT W* Rice, Surveyor of the Guards, to be by him paid over to several Artificers in full Satisfaction for Work done by them at the Fill Yard, Scotland Yard, Somerset House, St. James's, Whitehall, Kensington, Hampton Court, See. for the Year 1768 -

To Geo. Ross, Esqr; towards making good a Deficiency in the Non-cfifeClive Fund of the Royal American Reg' of Foot -

To his Grace the Duke of Bedford, for the Pay of the 1" Battn of Devonshire Militia, from 25 Deer 1762 to 29 of the same Month, the Day of their being disembodied ——

To T. A F. Hesse, Esq; to be by him pd over to several Officers attending the Hospitals, for their Pay in the late War - -

To Lieut. Col. Morrison, for his conting' DisburP* as Quart' Mailer General from 25 Deer 1767 to 25 DecemT 1768 -

To RoR Broixne, Esq’; for the Hire of Two Vessels at Senegambia, for the Public Service there -

To Whitwell Butler, Esq'; for the Hire of a House at Senegal, for the Use of the Chief Justice there, from 23d June 1766 to 7 Febry 1769 -

To Benf* Stilling fleet. Surveyor of the Savoy Barracks, St. James's, See. in full Satisfaction and Discharge of the like Sum expended by him, for the Use of the said Barracks, from Xmas 1766 to 1767 -

To John Trotter, Esqr; for providing Hospital Bedding, Sec. for the Use of the Forces at S* Augustine, Grenada, and Gibraltar - - 1,684 — 2

To D°, for D®, for the Use of the Forces at Grenada,

cola, Dominica, and St. Augustine ----- 660 — 3

349 15 6

2,647 8 —

300-----

300 10 —

445 -

142 *7

90 11 —

5°3 5 4

193 16 9

382 10 —

48S 12 5

383 2 4

3,200-----

*.973 — 1

1,000----

120 11 8

8,046 id 6 340 11 9

395 *4 3

157 10 —

935 — 8

2*344 — 5 To

io Geo. III. 5° Februarii.

Dates of Warrant*

June 15.

23-July 6.

*9-

23.

24.

As1 23-

2 4*

3°-Sepr 20.

29.

Dcr' 21. Nov. 29.

To Anderson, Deputy to Wn Court nay, Esq'; for receiving, preferring,

managing, and issuing the Provisions sent to for the Use of the

Trps. in Gar" there, from 25 Deed 1767 to the 24 1768

To Col. Ja' Grant, for the Purchase and keeping up a Schooner for the Service of the Provinceof East Florida, from 29 August 1768 to 29 August 1769

To Mr Abr.Cana dine, for Medicines and Necessaries furnillied by him to a De-tachm* of the late 89 Reg* of Foot, at , in the Year 1761

To Capt. Andrew Frazer, for his conting' Expences as Engineer and Commis-fary, at Dunkirk, in the Year 1768 -

To isaac Ross, towards satisfying him for the Hire of a Vessel for the Service

of the Province of Senegambia ----- 1,000----

To D®, for the Freight of a Vessel impressed into His Maj*

Service in the River Gambia, on the 9th of April

1768, and continued therein until the 16 June 1769, in

full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Demands whatsoever,

for the Freight of the said Vessel - - 745 15 10

To RoF Ireland, Esq; Agent to the Marq* of Lothian’s Reg* of Drag*,

for an Over-credit in his Balance of Winter Stoppage for the said Reg‘

To Lieut. Col. lVm Faucitt, for his conting* Dilburff* as Secretary to the Commander in Chief of His Maj’ Forces, from i9*h April 1768, to 19 August 1769 -

To John Campbell, Esq'; for Pay Bills for Boatmen, &c. and for Provisions for

them, belonging to a Scout Boat, employed in S° Carolina, from 28 May 1768 to 27 A May 1769 -To David Roberts, Esq; to replace 31 Men drafted from 27 Reg* of Foot into the 2d Batt" of the Roy1 Amer* Reg* of Foot -To Tho' Gabb, Executor to the late Lieut. John Gabb, for his Allowance for conducting Drafts to the East Indies, from 9 Fcbr* 1762 to 8 July 1764 To John Ellis, Esq'; for the Purchase and keeping up of a Schooner for the Service of the Provinceof West Florida, from 1" January 1769 to 1

t77° -

To S' J‘Cockburne, Bart, to indemnify him in an Action brought against him as late Commissary General of Supplies in Germany, by Moses Levy -To John Powell, Esq; Contractor, for supplying the Garr" of Gibraltar, with Coals, to reimburse him his Expences incurred by Fires at Gibraltar, between the 30 of Dec' 1764, and the 31" of March 1769 To the Difference of Pay between the and Irish Establishments of Col.

Pomeroy’s Reg*, sent from Ireland to for 115 D*, from 1"

Sep' 1768 to 24 Dec'foil, bothinclusive - 931 16 n*

To D°for Col. Mackay’s Reg*, sent from D® to D® for 115

D\ from D° to D® ----- 931 16 n

To D® of Lord Fred. Cavendish’s Reg* sent from N° America to Jr eland, for 240 D*, from 25 Deed 1768 to 21 AugJ 1769 both inclusive - ----- 1,944 2 8

To the Difference of Pay betw'een the British and lrijli Establishments of L* Gen1 Whitmore’s Reg* ordered from East Florida to Ireland, for 365 D\ from 25 Dec' 1768 to 24 Dec' 1769, both ir.cluf. ---- 2,956 14 —

To 201 D* Pay of Col. Boyd’s Reg*, sent from Ireland, to Gibraltar, from 7 June 1769 to 24 Decern' following, both inch at £.31 — 4 a Day - ----- 6,234 7 —

Towards which may be applied the following Sums; viz.

228 D’ Saving of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishments of L* Gen1 Reg*,

sent from the Ceded Islandsto Ireland, from 11 May 1769 to the 24 of Deed foil*, both inclusive - - - - 547 6 6

201 D’ Pay of L* Gen1 Cornwallis’s Reg*, sent from

Gibraltar to Ireland, from 7 of June 1769 to 24 Dec' follow*, both inch at £.31 — 4 a Day - - - - 6,234 7 —

The Sum voted for Victualling the Forces at Gibraltar,

North America, East and West Florida, Ceded islands,

and Africa ----- 55,836 15 1

In the Hands of the Right honourable Ricfft Rigby, for Provisions delivered to the Regiments serving in North America and Minorca, between 24 June 1768 and 24 June 1769 - - - - 23,714 8 3

War Office, 5 th February 1770,

Remains to be provided for -Barrington.

C s. d. 316 7 2

417 5 —

25----

28 19 8

1,745 15 414 II 9

*54 9 —

372 16 9

*59 9 —

220 5 —

3*5 —

4>7i 6 6

297 6 —

12,998 17 6

32I>597 7 ?!

L

86,332 l6 IO

235,264 IO 9!

Vol. 32.

Ordered,

Plymouth

Town

Theatre.

Supply Bill Malt, fee.

Accounts;

Exports,

Shadwell

Poor.

Account; British Fishery

Marine

Forces.

Supply.

658 50 — 6° Februarii. 1770.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to li-,cense a Playhouse, in the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

; Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1770, was committed j the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, exported from England to the British Colonies in North Americafrom Christmas 1767 to Christmas 1768, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Sir John Molefwort&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Roote, Ac-comptant to the Society of the Free British Fishery, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements made by the Society of the Free British Fishery, from 31 December 1768 to 31 December 1769.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, the Lord Palmerstone, and Mr. 'Tucker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary, for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itfelfintothe said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come tofeveral Resolutions;. which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Expulfioa regulate the Consequences of the Expulsion of Mem- M °(_ bers of this House: And that Mr. Herbert and Sir Cm Gilbert Elliot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 6° die Februarii;

Anno io* Georgii III. H Regis, 1770.

PR AYERS.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Stanley, Account;

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attend- Custoir.*, ed at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, America, pretented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of the Custom House Establilliment in North America, with the Salaries of the Officers employ-

ed therein, from the 5th of January 1764 to the 5th of January 1767.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Ox- 0xf-or(J ford Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and to read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed last Session Coventry of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford, the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry

Canal

io Geo. III. 6° Febrtiarih 659

Canal Navigation are authorized to take and recover all the Rates and Duties payable by Virtue of the said Act, for all Coals which shall be navigated or conveyed upon any Part or Parts of the said intended Canal, within Two Miles from the Junction thereof with the Coventry Canal at Longford, and the Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, to take and receive all the Rates and Duties payable for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, (except Coals) which shall be navigated or conveyed upon any Part or Parts of the intended Canal, and afterwards upon the Coventry Canal, within Three Miles and an Half from the Junction of the said Two Canals at Longford aforesaid, towards and that the Petitioners,

since the passing the said Act, have caused several Surveys to be made of the Country at and near Longford aforesaid, through which the said Canal was intended to pass, and find, that if the said Canal was to begin ^t Longford,

as by the said Act is directed, it would occasion all Persons travelling by Canal Navigation from the North to the South, to go round nearly Two Miles, which would be an additional Expence to the Public of Twopence Halfpenny per Ton, upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, carried upon the said Navigation, from the Northern Parts of this Kingdom to the South, be-lides the Freightage; and that it is expedient to amend the said Act in other Respects: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring io a Bill for reminding the Clause relative to the Company’s taking Tonnage of each other, for altering the Junction of the said two Canals at Longford aforesaid, and for making the same at or near Bedworth , and for altering the Days and Places of the General Meetings and Committees in the said Act mentioned, and for such other Purposes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. ,:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons Papers, and Records.

East A Petition of John and

Newton Esquires, and of Christopher , Clerk, on the Behalf jncJoure. 0£ themselves and others, Owners of Common Right Houses, Open Arable Lands, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, within the Township of Newton, in the Parish of Aldborough, in , in the County of York',was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth. That within the said Township there are certain Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields, called The North Field and South Field; and also certain Pieces of Meadow and Pasture Ground, and Arable Land, called by the Names of the Bitting, or Bittenand Eafi Newton or

by other Names, containing in the whole about 600 Acres; and that the several Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors in the said Fields, Meadows, and Pallures, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are very inconvenient to the Proprietors, and in their present Situation incapable of much Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Benefit of the Petitioners, and others interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted unto and amongfr the several Proprietors thereof, in Lieu and in Proportion to their respective Lands, Common Rights, Tithes, and Interest therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and the Lord do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Richard Gee, Clerk, Lord of the Manor Vol. 3a.

of Great Cow den, in the Parish of in Holder- (7r<*at

ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, and ('r,'Acttfn also a considerable Owner of and in the several Open In<.loiure. and Common Fields, Meadows and Pallures, within the Township of Great Cozvden aforesaid, Jonathan Midgley, Esquire, and others, wfiofe Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pallures, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the said Township there dre certain Open and Common Fields of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, containing 1,100 Acres, or thereabouts, which; in their present Situation, are capable of Very little Improvement; but if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, it would be a Benefit to all Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall feera proper;

Otdered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and the Lord Lijburne do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Walden Hanmer, Esquire, Lord of the Simpson Manor of Simpson, in the County of , Patron of Inclosure.

the Living the re, and Owner of Lands in the said Parish, and others. Proprietors of, and interested in, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Cow Pasture,

Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds; in the said Parish of Simpson, in the said County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; That the Lands of the Petitioners and other Proprietors in the said Lands are intermixed, and, in their present Situation; incapable of any Improvement; and that It would be 1

not only beneficial to the said Proprietors and interested Persons, but to the Public, if the same were divided into Severalty, in Proportion to the respective Rights and Interests of each Person: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr;

Lowndes and Mr. Blake do prepare; and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Alhcot Common, in the Parish of Ashcot, in the County of Inelofute Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is in the said Parish, a certain Common, called PedwellPlain, which is, in its present Situation; inca-

pable of Improvement; and that, if the same was divided, drained, and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Proprietors, it would greatly increase the Value of the said Lands, to the Advantage of the several Owners, and the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill; for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Reftrwftions as to the House shall seem meet;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr*

Coxe and Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the rfoufe, ac- Angerftein’* cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Julius Kat; Angerftein: And the feme was receivedj and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Bill for dividing, indoling, and allotting, the Open Hailoughtoii Fields, and certain Commonable Places, in the Parish Iocbtum of Halloughton, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

8 F \

66o 6° Februarii. A.iq'jo.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles 'Whitworth, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Great A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and

Kington, principal Inhabitants of Stratford upon Avon, in the Road*. County of Warwick, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy* and Freeholders, redding in and near ,in the said

County, and alsoof several of the acting Trustees of the Turnpike Road leading from Birmingham to in

the said County, and of several of the Mortgagees of the Tolls arising upon such Part of the said Turnpike Road as lies between Stratford and Edgebill aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application hath been made, for a Bill, to repair the Road from Bridge , in Great in the said County, through the several Parishes of Great Kingtony Radway, and , in the said County, to

Upton, in the same Parish of , and also from the said Street, through the several Parishes or Townships of Great Kington, Combrook , Verney,

and Well/bourne Hajlings, in the said County, to the Guide Post, in the Town or Village of aforesaid, by the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Warwick, to the City of Bath; and that the Petitioners conceive, that it will be of great Public Utility, if a good and safe Communication could be opened, from the Village of Well/bourne to Stratford aforesaid; and that

the Road leading from the Pound, on the Side of the said Turnpike Road in Welljbourne Mountford, through Hunfcote Lane, in the said County, to Stratford aforesaid, is very ruinous, and in some Parts thereof very inconvenient and dangerous, and cannot be amended and kept in Repair without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That some Provision may be made in the said Bill, for amending and keeping in Repair thelaid Road, from the Pound in Well/bourne Mountford aforesaid, to Stratford upon Avon aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet; and that some Provision may be made in the said Bill, for better securing the principal Money now due upon the Tolls of the said Turnpike Road from Stratford to Edgehill aforesaid, or some Part thereof, in such Manner as the House shall see fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants of the Counties of Warwick and Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Roads and Places therein after mentioned, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Dunchurch A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are to thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves StRoad.n 86 an^ others, Trustees for repairing the Road from Dunchurch, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the County of Warwick, and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Meriden Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Two former Acts, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were continued, and the Terms and Powers thereby granted were enlarged and amended, for the more effectual repairing the Road aforesaid; and that there is now owing, upon the Credit and Security of the Tolls by the said several Acts granted, the Sum of £. 2,55®* the Creditor whereof is desirous of receiving his Money; and that, in order to raise a Sum 18

sufficient todischarge the fame; and to the End the said Road, which in many Parts thereof, and particularly from the Bottom of Meriden Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, is in a very bad Condition, it is expedient that the Term of the said Acts should be enlarged, and the Provisions therein amended, explained, and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said several Acts, for repairing the whole Extent of Road from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them., to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Mackworth, dec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at' Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- Birmingham cution an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign - tliro’ of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through E/mdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed f. 1,200 on the Credit thereof, which, with the Three Years and an Half Interest for the fame, and other Debts, now remain due; and that, the Tolls being fixed at very low Rates, the Repair of the said Road cannot be effectually completed, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the said Tolls are increased, and the Term and Power of the said Act further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Hotham, 8rc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Bulkinsfoa thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves Indofiire. and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, Wastes, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bulkingtoti, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Estates of the Petitioners, and the several other Parties interested in the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, which hath been found to be very inconvenient and detrimental, and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners and the several other Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Wastes, and Commonable Lands, if the same were specifically divided, allotted, and indofed, according to their respective Rights therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Wastes, and Commonable Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Skipwith, Sir Richard Glynn, and Sir Roger Newdigate, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Lord Barrington reported from the Committee, Plymouth

to paving, &c.

jo Geo. III. 6" Febr i

to whom, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and principal and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of , was referred; That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Harris, Esquire, being examined, said. That enlightening the Streets, and keeping an able and regular Watch in the said Town in the Night Time, would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants, and Persons resorting thereto; that the repairing the Pavement of the Streets and Gutters, and cleansing the fame, and taking down Water Spouts, and removing other Nuisances, would render the Town safe and commodious, and be of great Utility} and that the regulating the Fares of Cartmen, and common Porters, and the Mode of Carriages to be used by such Cartmen, would be a great Convenience and Advantage to the said Inhabitants; but that the said Objects cannot be provided for, without the Aid of Parliament.

Which Evidence was confirmed by several Members present at the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town: And that the Lord Barrington and Admiral Holburne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

?lvmouth The Lord Barrington reported from the Committee,

Harbour. to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Common Coun-

cil-men, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and of the Gentlemen and Merchants residing in or near, and trading to and from, the fame, was, referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Harris, Esquire, laid. That Plymouth is a-very con fid stable Port v that there is a Harbour called within the said Port, which is defended from the Sea, by a Neck of Land called How's Stert, or Mount ten, which Neck of Land was formerly secured by a Wall erected on the South Side thereof; that the said Harbour has of late Years filled up, and the Wall is quite destroyed by the Sea; and that the said Neck of Land is so much worn by the Sea, that the Harbour will soon be rendered useless, if proper Methods are not taken to prevent it: He also said. That the Mouth of a Pool called Sutton Pool, lying within the said Harbour, and adjacent to the Town of Plymouth, was defended by a Pier, which is washed away.

Then an Act passed in the Eighth Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for clearing, preserving, and maintaining the Harbour of Cutwater, lying near Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for cleansing and keeping clean the Pool, commonly called Sutton Pool, lying in Plymouth aforesaid, was produced; whereby it appeared, that Benjamin Joules had a Grant to himself, of the exclusive Privilege of ballasting and unballafting all Vessels using the said Port of Plymouth, for the Term of Seventy-one Years, on Consideration of his deepening the said Harbour and Pool, making the said Harbour capable of receiving a Ship of the Fourth Rate, and keeping it in that State during the said Term: The Witness further said, That the Conditions of the said Grant have not been fulfilled; that it would be very beneficial to the said Town of Plymouth, and to Trade in general, if a Wall was erected at Mount Batten afore-Vol. 3a.

said, and a Pier at the Mouth of Sutton Pool, which may be done by laying a small Tonnage on Ships, Vessels, and Barges, using or belonging to the said Harbour, and a small Duty on all Coals landed within the Headlands of the fame: He also laid, That the most probable Means of deepening the said Harbour and Pool, and keeping the same clean, would be, to vest the said exclusive Privilege of ballasting and unballafting Ships using the said Harbour, after the Expiration or other Determination of the said Act, in Commissioners to be appointed by Act of Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for, laying certain Duties upon Ships, Vessels, and Barges, using the Harbour of Plymouth, in the County of , or belonging thereto, for clearing, preserving, and maintaining the Harbour of Catwater, and for cleaning and keeping clean the Pool commonly called Sutton Pool: And that the Lord Barrington and Admiral Holburne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Clyde the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark, was Bridge, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Fords in the River Clyde, near the Town of -' ton, in the County of Lanark, are become very deep, variable, and dangerous, and the Ferry near the same Place is always inconvenient, and sometimes impassable; and that the erecting a Bridge over the said River is necessary, for completing the Public Roads from Edinburgh, by the Town of Hamilton, through the County of Lanark, and will be of Public Utility: And therefore

praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at the Place which shall be found most convenient, any where betwixt the Mouth of the River Avon and the Boathouse of,

by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Ross, Lord Frederick Campbell, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom Brighthelm-the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, stone. Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Sussex, and of the several Persons usually travelling the Road from the Market Town of Brighthelmstone, to London, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House ;t and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Dodfoti and Mr.. Morfee, being severally examined, said, That the Road from the Market Town of Brighthelmstone, to and through the several Places mentioned in the Petition, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, is in a very ruinous Condition, in many Places very narrow, and in others impassable, in the Winter Season; and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from helmstone, in the County of Sussex, through the Parishes of Preston, Patcham, Piecombe, Clayton, and Keymer, ta Stone Pound, and from thence to Ditch on the East, and Hurjt per point on the West, and from Stone Pound

aforesaid, through the Parishes of Cuckfield, and Crawley, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the said County: And that Mr. Harcourt and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

ie

66 2

6* Februa

A. 1770.

Abington

Pigotts

Inclosure.

A Petition of Granado Pig, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Abington Pigotts, otherwise Abington in the Clay, in the County of Cambridg, Patron of the Parish Church of Abington aforesaid, and Owner and Proprietor of the greatest Part of the Common Field Lands and Grounds lying in the said Manor and Parish of Abington Pigotts, other wise Abington in the C/ayt and intitled to Right of Common therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are Two Open Common Fields, called or known by the Names of Mill Hill Field and Wendymore Fieldy and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, lying within the said Parish, containing by Estimation 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts, in which the Petitioner and others have Right of Common at certain Hated Times in the Year, and by a certain and determinate Stint; and that the Petitioner is a Proprietor of the greatest Part of the said Common Fields Nand other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of Jefns College, in the University of Cambridge, are Owners and Proprietors of certain other Lands, Part of the said Common Fields, containing by Estimation Eight Acres and One Rood, or thereabouts, which are now held by Lease, under the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars; and the Reverend Andrew Pern and the honourable Edwyn Sandys are the Owners and Proprietors of all the rest of the said Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the said Manor and Parish; and that the Petitioner is Patron of the Rectory of the said Parish Church, and the Reverend Andrew Pern is the present Rector thereof, and is intitled, in respect of his Glebe Land, to a Right of Common upon the said Common Field Lands and Commonable Places, and is also intitled to Great and Small Tithes arising within the said Manor and Parish; and that it would be for the Benefit and Advantage of all Persons interested in the said Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, to have the same divided and indofed, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to each and every of them, to be held in Severalty, according to their respective Properties therein, discharged from the Rights of Common aforesaid, and to exchange some small Parts thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and indoting the said Open Common Fields, and exchanging some small Parts of the fame, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

and from the Sheepjsreet, in the Town of Bromyard, to the Road leading from the said Town to Bridge,

and from the said Bridge to Kvre ,in the Parish of Kyre Wyard, in the County of and from the

School House, in the Town of Bromyard, to the Road leading from the said Town to and from

thence, over Sapey Wood, to the Turnpike Road leading from Stamford towards Tenbury, and from a House in the Pofiession of Mary Norr, Widow, in the said Town of Bromyard, to the Road leading from the said Town, to Herefordshire Lake, in the Parish of bvrne, and from Wooferwood Gate to AElons Green, in the County of Worcester, and from the Back Lane in the Town of Bromyard, at or near Holditch Gate, to Stoke- lacy Church, in the said County of Hereford, are in many Places very deep and ruinous, and almost impalpable; and that the repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, the said several Roads, cannot be speedily and effectually done by the Laws in being: And therefore praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Foley, Mr. Fanfttart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being interested, and Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the several Common Fields of Earl , in the County of Leicester, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors, and Persons interested therein, and the Commonable Places there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners lie intermixed and dispersed over the said Fields in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to each Proprietor and Person interested, it would greatly improve their several Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Palmer and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bromyard A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Road. Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Setond, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester, several Tolls and Duties were granted, for repairing the said Roads, which, together with the Money borrowed and now remaining unpaid, has beeu applied towards the Repair thereof; and that, by Reason of the Number, Length, and Bad-ness, of the said Roads, the Trustees have not been able to repair all Parts thereof, and such Parts thereof as have been amended will soon become ruinous, if the same are not constantly kept amended; and that by a Clause in the said Act, the said Trustees are restrained from erecting any Toll Gate, at any Place on the said Roads, nearer to Herefordshire Lake than within One Hundred Yards of Sapey Bridge, which hath been found to be inconvenient; and that the Road from a House called the White Horse, in the Town of Bromyard, to the Road leading from the said Town to the Halfway , »9

A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of Land in the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Places of Little Stretton, in the Parish of Norton, and County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Land of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and indofed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties, according to their Interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields and Commonable Places, under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Palmer and Sir Thomas Cave do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, in the County of Cardigan, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Uf-burne, Mr. Salt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Ear!

Shtilroa

Intlofuit’

Strettoa

Indofuft.

Cardigan

Road*,

Mary le Bone Nightly Watch, &c.

Specnham-

laiul.

Arc.

Roads.

io Geo. III. 6° Februa. 663

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parish of k Bone, in the County of Middle, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the 8th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing an Act made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages; and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the said Parish, and for making more efi'edlual Provision for those Purposes; and that the Petitioners have made some Progress in the Trusts in them reposed; but find that the said Act is defective with respect to some of the Powers thereby given; and that the same cannot be put in Execution, so as to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, unless some new Powers are granted, and the said Act in other Re-spedls amended, and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mackworth, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the 18th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to , in

the County of Berks, to Marlb, in the County of Wilts, at a general Meeting held at The Three Tons Inn, in Charnam Street, in the County of Wilts, on the 8th Day of January 1770, and of several other Persons, residing . near the said Highways, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Adtr, and have, made a great Progress in the repairing of the said Highways; but find the same cannot be elledlually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money now owing upon the Credit of the Tolls be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and that the Road through the Town of Marlborough, from the present Turnpike Road from Speenhamland, at the East End of the said Town of

Marlborough, to the Turnpike Road at the West End of the said Town, leading to Shepherd,‘hard, in the County of Wilts, is much out of Repair, and cannot be sufficiently amended by the ordinary Course of Law; and repre-fenting to th? House, that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Highways were divided into Two Districts, ai.,d separate Trustees were appointed for the Care and Management thereof, and the Tolls and Duties collected in each Distriifl were directed to be applied in the repairing of the Highways in the District where they werecolledl-cd, the Intentions of the said Acts would be more effectually answered: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual the said Acts, and to repair and widen the said Road through the said Town of Marlborough, to wit, from the present Turnpike Road at the East End of the said Town, to the said Turnpike Road at the West End of the said Town, leading to shord, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the v^onsideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-. Vol. 32.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Foley, 8tc.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Craven, Lord of the Manor of Ashbury, in the County of Berks, and Owner or Proprietor of certain Lands within the Manor and Parish of Ashbury aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable Places, belonging to the Petitioner and others; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioner and the other Persons interested in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are not at present capable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, it would tend to the great Advantage of the Petitioner, and the other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable Places, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Craven, and Mr. Congreve, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Boynton Langley, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of West He/lerton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and also Owner of divers Messuages, Cottages, Oxgangs of Land and Tenements, within the said Manor; and of Barnard Foord, Esquire, Henry Foord, Clerk, Rector of the Redlory of West Heflerton, aforesaid, Jo/ephKerr, Clerk, John Ralph Wallis,

and of the several other’Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of other Estates and Hereditaments there; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor are several Open Fields, and also a large Open Pasture, called The Wold; that the several Properties in the said Open Fields and Wold lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments, and exempted from the Payment of Tithes and other Ecclesiastical Dues: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those and other Purposes, and for making a Compensation to the Persons intitled to the Great and Small Tithes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, arising within the said Manor, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Daniel do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Officers and Servants,

8 G Seamen,

Aflibury

Inclosure.

Leeds

to

Wakefield

Road.

West

Heflerton

Inciofuic*

Account j Navy.

664

6® Februarii.

A.

1770.

Marine

Forces-

Duties on Tallow, &c-

Accounts;

Customs,

America-

S juthnrrpron Streets.

Seamen, and Marines, borne and mustered on board the Gtiardships, at the Ports of and

Plymouth, for each Month of the Year 1769; distinguishing the Number that have deserted in each particular Month.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty* Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease: And the same was received; and read the Fiift Time.

Re/o/vedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in America, attended at the Door; he was called in» and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copies of the Establishments of the Commissioners of the Customs in North America, and of the several Officers under them, with their respective Salaries, since the 7th Day of September 1767, so far as the same have been received: And also.

An Account of such additional Salaries as have been granted out of His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs arising in North America, since the 7th Day of September 1767:

And also.

An Account of the incidental and contingent Expences attending the Collection of the Revenue of Customs in North America, since the 7th Day of September 1767, as far as the same have been received.

Mr. Leake also, from the said Commissioners, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Duties collected in North America, since the 7th Day of September 1767; distinguishing those arising from an Act made in the 7th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of many of the Members of the Corporation, Common Council, tAc. of Southampton, and also of a very considerable Number of Proprietors of Houses and Estates,' and of several Inhabitants in the said Town, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Settingforth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is making to Parliament, for a Bill to new pave the said Town, and for other Purposes; and representing to the House, that the Regulation and Government of the said Town is entirely in the Corporation, and the Regulation of the Pavement of the Streets there is particularly vested in them by an Act of the 17th Year of King Edward the Fourth; and the said Act hath, from Time to Time, as Occasion required, been put in Execution; and that the Pavements of the said Town are at present in the mod

21

convenient Form, and in very tolerable Repair, and in a much firmer and better State than any Pavement can possibly be in some Years, after being altered in Form; and that the Corporation are Proprietors of several Housesin the said Town, and their Tenants are, by their Leases, obliged to repair the Foot Pavement before their Houses; and the Inhabitants in general are willing and desirous to make such Improvements or Alterations, at their own Charge, in the Foot Pavements, as shall be necessary for the better Accommodation of Passengers, without the Expence of an Act of Parliament, and a perpetual unnecessary Tax; and that the Petitioners presume they shall make it appear, that due Attention has been had to the Accommodation of all Persons in habiting or dealing in, or referring to, the said Town, consistent with the Trade and Commerce carried on there; and therefore hope that the House will not suffer the Inhabitants of the said Town, many of whom are greatly distressed to pay their present necessary Dues, to be burthened with a heavy unnecessary Tax, without the lead Pretence of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Application, and have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think, proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Southampton, in Common Council assembled, and of several Gentlemen and others. Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Houses, Buildings, and Ground, within the said Town and Liberties, is referred; and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, upon the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Petitions are referred.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was ' referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Six thousand Three hundred and Eighty Pounds, One Shilling and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-three thousand Six hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of London, trading to North Americas was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been accustomed to carry on very considerable Branches of Trade, to and from His Majesty’s Colonies

io

American

Colonic*.

ft

to Geo. III.

6° Februarii.

66S

tn

Vor/b America, the former confiding greatly in ex- several Journals, be admitted to be read to the Counsel por.ing thither the Manufactures of this Country, and at the Bar, as the last Determination of the House, the latter in importing from thence Raw Materials, of touching the Legality of Votes for Members toferveia various Kinds, necessary to the Support of several of our Parliament for that Borough;

motl important Manufactories j and that the Trade of the Petitioners with North America, has occasioned Yearly the Importation and Remittance to this Country of Bullion and Bills of Exchange of great Value, from different Parts of the World, in Payment for such American Commodities as would be superabundant here, or are by Acts of Parliament generally forbidden to be imported, which Commodities therefore may justly be considered as having great Weight in the Commercial Balance of Europe; and that this Commerce, so necessary to afford Employment and Subsistence to the Manu-

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas: } 31'

Tellers for the Noes.j^; } r«r.

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners acquainted the House, That, the House having come to the said Refo-

facturers of these Kingdoms, to augment the Public Re- lution, they desired, on the Part of the Petitioners, that venue, to serve as a Nursery for Seamen, and to support Leave might be given to withdraw their Petitions. a:vJ increase our Navigation and Maritime Strength, is But the same being objected to by the Counsel for at pretent in an alarming State of Suspension: and that the Sitting Members, desiring that they might be at the Interruption of this Trade, the Petitioners appre- Liberty to offer Evidence to establish the Right of Elec-lead, is principally owing to certain Duties, imposed by tion in the said Borough;

an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Ma- The Counsel on both Sides were again directed to joitv, on Tea, Paper, Glass, and Painters Colours, im- withdraw.

porn-d into those Colonies: And therefore presume to And a Motion was made, and the Question being lay the distressed Situation of this Trade before the put, That Leave be given to Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, House; and for the Recovery of so important a Branch and Edward , Esquire, and the several Persons be-of Commerce, they pray such Relief as to the House ing Electors for Members to serve in this present Par-

shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-deration upon Monday Morning next.

liament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Po$r tefraB, in the County of York, to withdraw their said Petitions;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners informed the House, that they would give the House no further Trouble.

And then the Counsel for the Sitting Members proceeded to offer Evidence, to shew, that the Right of Election for the Borough of Pontefract is in Persons having a Freehold of Burgage Tenure within the said

Pontrfraft The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at Election, the Bar of this House, the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And a Doubt arising, how far the Entries in the Two Journals of this House, of the 28th Day of May 1624, are to be considered, and read to the Counsel at the Bar,

as the last Determination of the House of the Right of Borough, paying a Burgage Rent.

Election, in the Borough of Pontefract, within the Mean- And a Witness was examined thereto.

ing of an Act passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of his And another Witness was examined, and produced fc-

late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual p- veral Returns of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for

venting Bribery and Corruption in the; E/eBhn of Mem- the said Borough, to shew, that the Elections were made

ben to serve in Parliament, and of the Standing Order by the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough.

of this House of the 16th Day of January 1735; And the Entries in the Journals of the House, of the

Ordered, That the Counsel be again called in; and that 17th Day of January 1699, and 2d Day of March they be heard to that Point, whether those Entries in 1715*of the Reports from the Committee of Privileges the Journals ought to be considered as the last Deter- and Elections, touching the Elections for the Borough of mination of this House of the Right of Election in the Pontefract, in the County of York, wherein it was agreed said Borough. that the Right of Election for the said Borough is in.

And the Counsel were accordingly called in; and Mr. Persons having a Freehold of Burgage Tenure within the Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution. said Borough, were read.

And the Two Entries in the Journals of this House, And then the Counsel on

of the 28th Day of May 1624, were read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, to shew that the said Entries ought to be considered as the last Determination of this House, within the Meaning of the said Act, and of the said Standing Order.

both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Refo/ved, That the Right of Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, is in Persons having within the said Borough a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, paying a Bur-

Then the Counlelfor the Sitting Members were heard, gage Rent, to shew that the Entries in the said Two Journals of the A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, 28th Day of May 1624, ought not to be considered as That the Right honourable fViUiam Lord Viscount the last Determination of the House, of the Right of Gallway, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Election for the said Borough. Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament, for the Bo-

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, by rough of Pontefract, in the County of York;

\Yay of Reply. The Lord Gallway withdrew.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed That William Lord Viscount in the

to withdraw. Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Burgess to tetve in

And a Motion was made, and the Question being this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, put. That the Two Entries of the 28th Day of May in the County of York.

4624, of Resolutions concerning the Right of Elec- A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-tion for the Borough of Pontefract, appearing ia Two posed, That Henry Strachey, Esquire, is duly elected a

VOL.

32*

Burgess

66

6° — 70 F

A. 1770.

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefrab7, in the County of York

Mr. Strachey withdrew.

Resolved, That Henry Esquire, is duly elected

a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Abingdon Ordered, That the Matter of the several Petitions, e lon‘ complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of be heard

at the Bar of this House upon next, at Twelve

of the Clock.

Privilege. Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Instruction which was Yesterday given to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, for hearing the Matter of the Complaint then made to the House, That Thomas Giora menial Servant of George Hobart, Esquire, a Member of this House, was, on Friday last, arrested by James and Henry Bailiffs,

and is now detained at the House of the said James and Henry Ferguson, in their Custody, in Stanhope Clare Market, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Complaint upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant February.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriij 70 Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIIm Regis, 177c.

Prayers.

Great f\Rdered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of

Kington, Sec. G' the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Roads. principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Warwick and Oxford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Roads and Places therein after mentioned, was referred, be revived.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do meet upon Friday Morning next.

St. Martin A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Vestrymen, in the Fields and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Martin Workhouse. /« the Fields, within the Liberty of , in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and ^ead; Setting forth. That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and for many Years have been maintained and employed in the Workhouse belonging to the said Parish; and that the said Workhouse is at present in a very ruinous and decayed State, and it is necessary the same should be taken down, and another erected, but the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners, and their Successors, to take down the present Workhouse, and to build a new Workhouse, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. &c.:

14

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers St.Clement of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Cle-inent Danes, in the Liberty of IPej, and County of Middlesex, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing a regular and nightly Watch, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the said Parish, several Powers and Authorities were granted for those Purposes, but no Provision is therein made for purchasing Ground to build a Workhouse upon, for the Reception of the Poor, or any Buildings for that Purpose; and the said Act is in many Rel'pedls defective, and in others inconvenient in the Execution thereof: And therefore praying, That Lcav<* may be given to bring in a Bill to render the said Act more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sandvs, Mr. Burke, Sec.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Tweed the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and of the several Fishery. other Persons whose Hands and Names are thereunto let and subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Fisheries in the River of Tweed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That many unwarrantable Practices and great Abuses have of late Years been used and committed, in the said River, and in the several Rivers,

Rivulets, Brooks, and Streams, which run into the fame, by taking and killing Salmon, Gilles, Salmon Trouts, and Windings, at unseasonable Times in the Year, and by taking and destroying the Spawn, Fry, and young Brood, of the same Kinds of Fish, as well in those Parts of the said River of Tweed, and in the said Rivers, Rivulets, Brooks, and Streams, which arc in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as in those Parts which are in that Part of y*reat Britain called England, and in the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and within the Bounds and Limits thereof; by Means whereof, great Detriment ensues to the Owners and Occupiers of Fisheries in the Lid River, and the Public sustain a great and manifell Loss, and more espectally the Cities of London and Westminster, which are supplied from thence with large Quantities of fresh and kitted Salmon and Gilfes, and live Salmon Trouts and Windings, and which Supply might be greatly increased, if the said destructive Praflices and Abuses were restrained and prevented, which cannot be done by the Laws now in Force, or by the Powers and Authorities veiled in, and immemorially exercised by, the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the said Town of Berxvick upon Tweed, as Conservators of lo much of the said River as is in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and in Berwick aforesaid, or within the Bounds and Limits thereof: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for preventing and remedying the said dellrutSlive Practices and Abuses, and for the Improvement of the Fisheries, and better Regulation of the Fishing, in the said River of Tweed, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: "

And it is referred to Mr. Pane, Sir Walter Blackett,

And

io Geo. III. 7* Februar 667

And they are to meet this Afterftodh, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sherburne A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto

lndolure subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements within the several Townships of Sherburn, Lennerton, Barkfton Church Fenton, Little

Fenton and Biggin, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Township of Sherburn Three Fields, called Lota Field, Mill Field, and North Field, containing together, by Estimation, 1,020 Acres, or thereabouts; within the said Township of Barkfton Ash, Three Fields called Ash Green Field, Middle Field, and Stream Field, containing together, by Estimation, 920 Acres, or thereabouts, with Two Parcels of Meadow Ground called Near Ing, and Far Ing, containing together, by Estimation, 36 Acres, or thereabouts, and One Stinted Pasture, containing, by Estimation, 26 Acres, or thereabouts; within the said Township of Church Fenton, Three Fields called lass Field, Pick Rozv Field, and Tun Field, containing, by Estimation, 360 Acres, or thereabouts; within the said Township of Little Fenton Two Fields called Little Brocklafs, and Sweeming, containing, by Estimation, 41 Acres, or thereabouts; and also that there are large and extensive Commons, or Waste Grounds, within, and belonging to, the said several Townships of Sherburn, Lennerton, Barkfton Ash, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, commonly called Sherburn Moor and Biggin Green, containing together, by Estimation, 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and which are used and enjoyed by the Petitioners, or their Tenants, Owners, or Farmers of Ancient Messuages, Cottages, and Frontsteads, according to the ancient Usage, as appurtenant thereto, situate and being within the said several Townships; and that, if the said several Open Fields, Commons and Grounds, were divided and incloled, and specific Shares thereof allotted to, and vested in, the several Persons interested in the fame, and also reasonable Equivalents in Land allotted to Sir Thomas Gascoigne, and to the Prebendary of the Prebend of Fenton, and hisLeffee, and to the Vicar of the several Parish Churches of Sherburn and Fenton, in Lieu and full Satisfaction for Tithes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, arising from the said Open Fields, Commons, and Grounds, intended to be inclosed as aforesaid, and also from the Old Inclosures, within the said several Townships, the same would be beneficial to the Public, and also a great Improvement to the Estates of the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Open Fields, Commons, and Common Grounds, and for exempting the fame, and also the Old Inclosures, Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, and other Lands or Tenements, within the said several Townships, and the Inhabitants and Occupiers thereof, of and from all Manner of Great and Small Tithes, Tenths, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, (Mortuaries and Surplice Fees only excepted) such adequate Satisfactions or Equivalents being allotted or given, in Lieu thereof, as Pnall be expressed in the said Bill, and for other Purposes in such Bill to be contained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hawke and the Lord Henley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cirencester A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Road. jn Execution an Act made in the 20th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of G lone eft er to Hill,

in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress has been made in amending the Lid Road, and the same is now in to-Vol. 32. ' »'

lerable Repair} to effeCl which, & considerable Sum has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, and {till remains due; and that the said Sum cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged; and that the said Act is in some Respects defective: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall fieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Townjhendl,

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. De Grey presented to the House, according to Nar River Order, a Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Naviga'lon. Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty,‘for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King’s Lynn, to Westacre, in the County of Norfolk-, and fot

making the said Act more effectual: And the same was received; and read* the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the City Glasgow* of Glasgow, and of Sir John Stewart of Castlemilk, Arch-bald Hamilton of Rofehill, Daniel Campbell of Shawfield, Navigation. James Bucbannan of Drumpellier, John of Rins,

George Nijbett of Cairnhill, Robert Coult of Garturk,

James Dougale of Easterhouse, Robert Dreghorn of Ruchill, all Proprietors of Land and Coal on the Tract of the Canal aftermentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Price of Pit Coal is daily increasing in Glasgow, to the great Detriment of its Trade and Manufactures; and that there are almost in-exhaustible Funds of Coal in the Parishes of Old and New Monklands, which can be wrought at a very moderate Expence, but, on account of the Distance, cannot easily be brought to Glasgow by Land Carriage; and that, from Surveys which have been made, it appears practicable to make a navigable Cut or Canal, passing from these Collieries to Glasgow, passing mostly through, the Lands of the Petitioners, beginning at or near %

Place called The Sheep Ford, in the Parish of Old Monk-land, and County aforesaid; and passing by or near the House of Drumpellier, and may terminate at the City of Glasgow, or Broomelaw Quay, or near it, and communicate, by a Road or Waggon Way, from the West:

End of the said Canal, to the said City or Quay; and that the Petitioners conceive, that such a Cut or Canal, by reducing the Price of Carriage, will enable them to supply the City of Glasgow with Pit Coal at a moderate Rate; for which Purpose, a public voluntary Subscription has been opened, and several thousand Pounds have been subscribed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the aforesaid Canal, and Road or Waggon Way, and for exacting, collecting, levying, and receiving, such Tolls, Rates, and Duties thereon, as shall be judged reasonable and expedient; and for giving to the Undertakers such other Powers, Grants, and Privileges, as shall be necessary for executing and completing the fame, and for maintaining, upholding, and keeping the said Canal and Road or Waggon Way in Repair, according to Justice.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report thcfiime, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

8 H A Petition

668

7° Febrtiarii.

A. 1770.

tCinc’sLynti, A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentle-Road!* incn’ Cler8y» Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, who live near the several Highways or Roads leading from the East Gate in the Borough of King's , into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the Gate next Hillington on Congham in , and the

North End of Babingly , in Babingly, in the County of Norfolk^ was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, to the Corner House in Gaywood, and from thence through the Parishes of Myntlin, Bawfey, and Leziat, to the Guide Post where the Road from Hillington to erodes the Road

in the Field of the Parish of Geyton, in the County of Norfolk, and from the said Corner House to the South East End of a Bridge in called Double Bridge,

and from the North West End of the said Bridge, to Wotton Gaps, in South and from thence to Fifing

Lodge, in Castle Fifing, and from thence through the

Parish of Roydon, to the North East Corner of a Close or Piece of Land called The Saffron Close, in Grimstone, and from Fifing Lodge, to the West End of a Bridge in Congham, called Congham Bridge, and from the East End of the said Bridge to the Gate next Hillington, on Congham Common, and from Wotton Gaps', through the Parish of Castle Fifing, to the South End of a Bridge called Babingly Bridge, in Babingly, and from the North End of the said Bridge, to the North End of Babingly Lane, in Babingly, in the said County, from the Nature of the Soil, ana by reason of the many heavy Carriages and Cattle passing through the fame, and the Narrownels thereof, in many Places, are oftentimes very deep and ruinous, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Afiley, Mr. Harbord, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kiag’sLynn, A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentle-South Gate men. Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, who Aoad. jjve near the several Highways or Roads leading from the South Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from the South Gate, in the Borough of King's Lym, to the Mile Stone on Hardwick Common, and from thence through the Parishes or Hamlets of Hardwick, North FunElon, and Middleton, to Walton Falgate, in East Winch, and from thence, through the Parish of Bilney, to the House of Thomas Baker, in East

Walton, in the County of Norfolk, and from Walton Falgate to the West End of Bilney Bridge, in Bilney, and from the East End of the said Bridge, over the Common of Pentney, to the West End of a Bridge, across the River Narr, in Narborough, and from the said Mile Stone on Hardwick Common, through the Parish of West Winch, to the North End of a Bridge in Setchey, called Setchey Bridge, and from the South End of the said Bridge, to the Direction Post on Heath or Common; and from thence through the Pa-fishes or Hamlets of Wormegay, Fodderfton, Sholdham, Thorpe, Stradfett, West Dereham, Werenam, and ton ,to the Bell in Stoke Ferry, in the said County, and from the said Direction Post on Tottenhill Heath or Common, to the North End of a Bridge called Thieves Bridge, in Tottenhill, and from the South End of the said Bridge, through the Parishes of Watlington, ton with Holme, Wallington, Stow, and Wim-boltftiam, to the Checquer in Downham Market, in the said County, from the Nature of the Soil, and by reason of many heavy Carriages and Cattle passing through the fame, and the Narrowness thereof in many Places, are oftentimes very deep and ruinous, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward dft ley, Mr. Howard,

See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Harbord reported from the Committee, to whom Norwich the Bill for amending the Road, from Saint ^Stephen's to.

Gate, in the City of Norwich, to a Place called Block Hill, in Trowfe, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House} and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there* Walworth unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Indofutr. Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of St.

Mary Newington, commonly called Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, Two Commons, the one called Walworth Common, containing Forty-eight Acres, or thereabouts, and the other called Lorimoor, otherwise Lattamoor, otherwise Lower Moor Common, containing about Sixteen Acres of Dry Land, and Three Acres covered with Water; both which said Commons are within the Manor of Walworth, of which the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury are Lords; and that it would be of great Advantage to the said Parish, and to all others interested, if the last of the said Commons was allotted to the said Lords of the Manor, free from Common Right and Tithe, in Lieu of their Right over both the said Commons, as Lords of the said Manor; and the other Common, called Walworth Common, was also freed from Common Right and Tithe, and inclosed, and let or mortgaged, and the Produce thereof appropriated to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Millet and Mr. Penton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees, for putting in Execu- IpfWich, tion an Act of Parliament made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing, and making more effectual. Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Ipswich, to Cleydon, in the County of Suffolk, and other Roads in the said Act

mentioned.

Wefltoinftef

faring.

Supply Bill 5 Malt, &c»

10 Geo. III. 7° Februar

nAentidned, and for repairing the Road from Cleydoh aforesaid, to Coddenham Beacon, in the said County;

and also of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was

prtfented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied for the Purposes of the said Acts, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged; and that, in the Seventh Year of the Reign Of His present Majesty, an Act was passed for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws then in being, relating to the Turnpike Roads within this Kingdom, which Act contains several Provisions and Regulations, extremely improper in this Part of the Country, and rather tend to destroy than to preserve the Turnpike Roads; and are likewise ip many Particulars very oppressive to the Farmers and others, living near, and having Occasion to make Use of the said RoadS: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of the First recited Acts, and for repealing and altering certain Provisions and Restrictions in the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far only as they respect the said Roads directed to be repaired by the said First recited Acts, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Rous, Mr. Bacon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Mr. Box, from the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of minster, attended at the Door; he was called in} and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, made in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberties of &c. from the Twenty-third Day of November 1768, to the Sixteenth Day of January 1770, both inclusive; also, an Account of all Contracts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners, from the Twenty-third Day of November 1768, to the Sixteenth Day of January 1770, both inclusive: And also,

Copies of the General State of Accounts of the several Receivers to the Commissioners for paving, tie. -minster, from Lady Day 1768, to Lady Day 1769: And also,

Copy of the General State of Account of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting* $he City and Liberty of Westminster, &c. from the Tenth Day of October 1768, to the Thirty-first Day of December 1769.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1770, was read the Third Time.

Vol. 3 a.

Refolded, That the Rill do pals: And that the Title1 be. An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1770.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing Adam Kroll, was Kroll’i read the Third Time. Nat

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for Naturalizing Adam Kroll.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing Gottlieb Schuller*

Schufter, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing Christia Gottlieb;

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carrythe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

An ingrossed Bill to Enable His Majesty to license a Liverpool* Playhouse in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Theatre. Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty td license a Playhouse, in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Pennant do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee*

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Means, for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a ResolutiOti; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Thttrlowhave Leave to make a Comberford Motion, it being Half an Hour after Four of the Clock. laclosure*

And he moved the House accordingly} and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, Lord of the Manor of Comberford, and Wiggington Coton, and Hopwas, in the County of Stafford, Impropriator of the Tithes of the Prebends of Wiggington and Coton, founded in the Collegiate Church, of Tamworth, and a Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Lands within the said Manor or Lordship, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Proprietors and Persons who are interested in the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds,

Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds,

7° — 8° Februarii.

A. 1770.

Grounds, within the Manor or Lord ship of

and Wiggington Coton and Hopw aforesaid.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor or Lordship, there are certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 3,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and a specific Share allotted to every of them, according to their respective Properties therein, the mutual Benefit of all the Persons interested therein would be promoted thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thurlow and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road in in the County of

Stafford, through Great Chell and , by

Mill, and through Overton and over Lim-

ford Bridge, to the Turnpike Road from Leek to *

clesfield, in Bojley, in the County of Chester; and also the Road from Great Chell, by Bank Top and and through Hanley Green, to the Turnpike Road in Shelton, in the said County of Stafford, are, in many Places, very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and in some Parts almost impassable, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing# amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir JohnIVrottcsley, Mr. Aufrere, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

yovisy 8° die Februarii;

Anno io* Georgii III'" Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

Scawby A TR. Whichcot presented to the House, according to

liiclosure. TV A Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

Open Fields and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Scawby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bourne Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to

Drainage, Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourne, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the county of ; and for improv-

ing the Navigation through the said Lands: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Winterton A Petition of Anthony Clerk, Vicar- of

c 0 ure. tjjfi parifj1 Church of Winterton, in the County of Lincoln, and of James Stovin, Esquire, John Christopher Nelson, and other Proprietors of Lands, within the Parish of Winterton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the Manor and Lord ship of Winterton, several Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, containing 3,000 Acres, and upwards; and that the Lands lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing of the Common Fields and Common Pastures in the Lordship of Winterton aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr, Whichcot, Lord Brownlow Bertie, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

TunlUll, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold-

ite. ers, of the Counties of Stafford and Chester, whose Roads. jg

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, interested in a certain Common or Tract of Land, called Kennard Moor, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a Common or Traci of Land, called or known by the Name of Kennard Moor, containing, by Estimation, 430 Acres, more or less, situate in or near the Parish of Saint John Baptist, in Glastonbv.ry, which lies Waste, and

Uninclosed, and for Want of sufficient Drains, being subject to be overflowed the greatest Part of the Year, is of very little Value; and that the Petitioners are intitled to Four Shares or Parts in Six at lc-aft; and that, if the said Common was divided, allotted, and apportioned# according to the respective Number of Commons and Shares each Proprietor hath in the said Common, or Tract of Land, and their said Shares inclosed, fenced in, drained, and improved, th§ same would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing, according to each Person’s Plight in the fame, the said Common, or Tract of Land, called Kennard Moor, under such'Regulations as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. Coxe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Aldermen, Common Council, Clergy, Freeholders, Leaseholders, and Principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners finding Application has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bid for lighting the Town of Plymouth, repairing and maintaining the Pavement, removing Nuisances, providing a Nightly Watch, and for a licensed Playhouse in the said Town; and that, if the said Bill should pal's into a Law, the Petitioners Property will be greatly injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Part thereof as may aftecl the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and WorcestershireCanal Navigation, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, an A<fl passed, to enable the Petitioners to make and maintain-

a Navi-

KennnrJ

luclotuie*

Plymouth

btltXtS.

Stafford

and

WorccfttT

Navi^iiao.

Northampton

Inclosure.

Carlisle

and

Newcastle

Reads*

IO Geo. III. 8° j Februari671

Navigable Cut or Canal, from the River between Bewdley and Tilton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to cross the River 7*ren at or near HeyWood in the County of Stafford, and to Communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the said River Trent and the River Mersey-, and that the Petitioners have, in pursuanCe of the said Act;, made very considerable, Advances towards making and completing the said Cut or Canal; in the doing of which, having met with some unexpected Difficulties, they have nearly expended the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds by the said Act first directed to be raised; and that the Petitioners are advised, that the Powers given by the said Act for raising the further Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, in case the said Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds should be found insufficient, are defective, or at least dubious, and likely to produce Disputes; and that the Powers for making the said Cut or Canal are in some other Instances inefficient and defective: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, more fully to enable the Petitioners to make Orders or Calls for the Payment of the said further Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, and also, if necessary, to raise amongst themselves a {till further Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, for the completing and maintaining of the said Navigable Cut or Cana), and more fully to enforce the Payment of the said several Sums of Thirty thousand Pounds and Ten thousand Pounds, by such and the like Means as are directed by the said aforementioned Ad in respect of the said Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds, and also in certain other Instances to amend and enlarge the Powers given to the Petitioners in and by the said before-mentioned Act, for making and maintaining the said Navigable Cut or Canal.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John , Sir William

Dolben, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of Walter Griffiths, Clerk, on Behalf of himr self and others, the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the Open and Common Fields of the Town of Northampton, in the several Parishes of St. St. Se-

pulchres, and St. Giles, in the said Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners and others. Proprietors of the said Lands, are intermixed, and in their present Situation incapable of any Improvement; and that it would be very beneficial to the said Proprietors and interested Persons, if the same were divided into Severalty, in proportion to the respective Rights of each Person: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hanmer and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trullees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, for the putting in Execution the Powers and Authorities in and by the said Act granted and given, so far as the same relate to that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House,

Vo t.31.

and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, Lime, Limestones, Coal for burning such Limestones into 'Lime, Dung, Mold, or Compost of any Nature or Kind whatsoever for Manuring of Lands or Gardens, were exempted from the Payment of Toll j which Exemptions were, by an Act of the 30th of King George the Second, for rendering more effectual the several Laws in being for the Amendmept and Preservation of the publio Highways and Turnpik. Roads of this Kingdom, taken away, unless the Things so exempted were carried upon Broad Wheels; and that, by an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, the said Act of 36 Geo. II. was repealed; by Means whereof Carriages employed on the said Road in carrying Lime, Limestones, Coal for burning such Limestones into Lime, Dung, Mold, or Compost of any Nature or Kind whatsoever for Manuring of Lands or Gardens, were again exempted from the Payment of Toll, although the same should be upon narrow Wheels; and that, by reason of the said last mentioned Exemption, the Tolls of the said Road have been lessened, and are not sufficient to defray the necessary Charges and Expences of putting and keeping the same in good Repair; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would require an additional Toll to put and keep the said Road in good and sufficient Repair; and that the said Act of 24 Geo. II. is in several other respects ineffectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be very beneficial to the said Road, if persons employed in leading Manure thereon werereftrained from unloading the -fame until the same should be carried to the Place it is intended to be made use of, so as such Manure, after once unloading, should not be brought again upon the said Road: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Provision therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Worcester, and of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, resident within the said City and the Suburbs thereof, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Want of a proper Supply of Water has not only been attended with great Inconvenience to several of the Petitioners, but has also occasioned the Streets in many Parts to be incommodious, and some of the Common Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses, in the said City and the Liberties thereof, at some particular Times, to be stagnated and offensive, and would be attended with, dangerous Consequences in same of any Accident by Fire; and that the Streets', Lanes, and other Passages, of the said City and Suburbs, are in general ill cleaned and lighted, and some of them very badly paved, and rendered narrow and incommodious, in many Parts thereof, by Projections, Incroachment9, and Annoyances; and that it would be of great Utility to the said City and Suburbs, and contribute to the Health and Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof, and other Persons resorting thereto, if proper Means were taken for Redress of the several Grievances before complained of, which cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Waljh, Mr. Mackworth, Sec.: And they aye to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

8 1 Mr.

Worcester

Streets*

*c.

Dunchurch

to

Stone ttridge Road.

Notgrove

Inclosure.

Cirencester

Road.

8° Februarii. 1770.

Mr. Skip with reported from the Committee, to whom Hie Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for repairing the Road from Dunchurch, to the Bottom of Meriden in the County of Warwickr, and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Meriden Hill aforesaid, to Stone in the said

County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. William Dadley, being examined, said, That £. 2,550

has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which Hill remains owing to Richard Hopkins, Esquire, who is delirous of receiving the fame; and that, in order to raise Money for paying off the said Debt, and effectually to repair the said Roads, it will be receflary to enlarge the Term of the said Acts; and that several other Powers are wanting to complete the Repairs of the said Roads.

And it appeared by the said Acts, That about Seventeen Years of the Term granted by the said Acts is unexpired.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts now subsisting, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. Skipwith and Mr. Craven do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Pyrke, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Notgrove, in the County of Gloucester, and of several of the Proprietors of the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Notgrove aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners and divers other Persons, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and very inconvenient for the several Owners and Proprietors; and that if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof assigned and allotted to and amongst the several Proprietors thereof respectively, it would be very advantageous to the said Proprietors: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House foal I seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Barrow and Mr. Scudamore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act made in the 20th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Robert Berkeley Freeman, Esquire, being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in repairing the said Road, but the same is not complete; and that the Trustees have borrowed the Sum of £. 800, which still remains due; and that the present Tolls are mot sufficient to pay the same, and put the Road in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and further Powers given; and that there is a Debt of £ 90 now owing for Materials, exclalive of the above.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act* made in the 21

20th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ciretlcester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip

Hill, in the said County: And that Mr. Mr,

Scudamore, and Mr. Whitshed, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Burford,

Tradesmen, and other the Inhabitants of Burford, - _&c-

ping Norton, Banbury, and Deddington, and Places ad- ®,oad* jacent, in the County of Oxford, and of Stowe, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester, and of Aynho and Brackley, and Places adjacent, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the several Roads, or Parts of Roads, from Burford, through Chipping Norton, to Banbury, and to the End of a Lane leading from Bourtonon the Water, to the Foot of Stowe Hill, in the Parish of Maugersbury, in the County of Gloucester, where it joins a Turnpike leading to Stowe, and the Road branching out of the Road from Chipping Norton to Banbury, through Dto the River Cherwell, are in many Places become very foun-

derous, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being; and that the Passage over the said River, and through a Meadow called Aynho Meadow, is at present only a Bridle Road, and very dangerous, and, in Floods, is at lbme Times impassable; and that it would be of public Utility if the said several Roads, or Parts of Roads, were made good Carriage Roads, and a Bridge built over the said River, and a public Carriage Road continued over the said Meadow to the Town of Aynho, to join the Road leading from Buckingham, through Aynho, to Banbury:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, making, and continuing, the said several Roads or Parts of Roads aforesaid, Carriage Roads, from Burford aforesaid, through Chipping Norton, to Banbury aforesaid, and to the Lane aforesaid, at the Bottom of Stowe Hill, and also the Branch through Deddington aforesaid, over the River Cherwell, across Aynho Meadow, to the Turnpike Road in the Town of Aynho aforesaid, with such Provision for the building a Bridge, and continuing and keeping in Repair the fame, and the Carriage Road from thence to Aynho aforesaid, and making Compensation to the Owner of the Lands over which the said Roads foall pass, so that His Majesty’s Subjects may at all Times for ever hereafter use and enjoy the same as a public Road and Highway, as to the House foall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it foall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Wenman, Mr,

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Clyde the City of Glasgow, and of the Traders and Inhabitants Navigation-of the said City, was presented to the House, and read;

Reciting several Parts of an Act made in the Thirty-fe-cond Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of,

and building a Bridge across the said River; and letting forth, That, since passing the said Act, the said Magistrates and City Council have caused a more accurate Survey of the said River to be taken; and are advised, by able Engineers, that great Improvements may be made on the Navigation of the said River, to the general Advantage of the Trade of the Island; but as, by the said Act, the levying the Rates and Duties thereby granted Hands suspended, until the Lock or Locks thereby authorized shall be erected and made passable, and as it is necessary a new Mode or Plan for levying and collecting the said Rates and Duties be established, and further Powers granted to the said Magistrates and Council, and their Successors, for executing the said Works, and

apro-

Fo*t <M Iatiofore*

SoaMrop

Inclosttre,

Pattishall Indefure.

io Geo. III. 8° Februarii. <Sfy|

a proper Consideration granted to them on account of the Trouble and Labour they must be at, and of the Risque their common Stock must run, in improving the Navigation of the said River:, And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, explaining, and amending the Act before mentioned, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and for the other Uses and Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick , Mr.

Edmonflone, he.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of Land in the Open and Common Fields of in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, according to their Interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Lid Open and Common Fields* under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vernon, and Mr. Sandys, and Colonel , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Henry James , Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Sonldrop, in the County of , and the

Reverend Robert Pye, Clerk, Doctor of Laws, Rector of the Parish of Souldrop aforesaid. Owners and Proprietors of the greatest Part of the Lands in the Common Fields of the said Parish of Sou, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and the other Proprietors in the Open and Common Fields of the said Parish, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the fame, and also the Waste Grounds of the said Manor of Souldrop, were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and all the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the said Manor and Parish* in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ongley, Mr. Vanjit tarty and Mr. Blackjloney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of his Grace the Moll noble Augustus Hen* ry Duke of Grafton, and the humble Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Paitishall, and in the Hamlets of,

Aftcote, and Darlefcote, within the same Parish, in the County of Northampton, whose Hands are thereunto sub-

feribed, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish and Liberties of Pattishall, and Hamlets of , and Darlef-

cote aforesaid, several Open and Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, which, in their present Situation, are not capable of any great Improvement and which, if divided and inclosed, would be advantageous to all Persons interested therein: And-therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring hi a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid* in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Yop. 32.

Ordered, That Leave be, given to bring in a Bill, pun-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Dolben, Sir John Palmer, and Sir George do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Merchants, Shopkeepers, Deal- Poulton; ers, and others, within the several Parishes of Poult on and Scc-

Kirkham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was pre^ 8maU Debt*' Tented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That many Persons, tp whom the Petitioners and others within the said Parishes*. in the Course of their Dealings, are obliged to give Credit for small Sums, taking Advantage of the Difficulties Persons he under in the Recovery of such Sums by the present Forms of Law, frequently refuse, though well able, to pay their just Debts; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that dheestablishine of a Jurisdiction within the said Parishes, for recovery of final! Debts, ip a way less expensive and more expeditious* would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, under such Regulations as shall be proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given tp bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer. of the said Petition: And that the Lord Strange and Sir Henry Hoghton, do prepare* and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Merchants, Shopkeepers, Dealers, Ditto, and others, within the Parishes of Litham and,

and the: Townships of Preefall and Stalmne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That many Persons, to whom the Petitioners and others within the said P&-rilhes and Townships, in the course of their Dealings, give Credit for small Sums, take Advantage of the Difficulties that attend the Recovery thereof by the present Forms of Law, and frequently refuse, though well able, to pay their just Debts; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the establishing a Jurisoidion for recovery of small Debts contracted within the said Parishes and Townships, io an easy way, would be of great Advantage; and that the Petitioners are informed, that Application is making, to the House for a Bill for more easy recovery of small Debts, within the Parishes of Poulten and Kirkham, in the said County Palatine: And therefore praying. That the said Parishes of Lytham and Bifpham, and Townships of Preefall and , may

be included in the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the last preceding Petition, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of this Petition.

A Petition of the Right honourable Edward Earl of Warrington Derby, and the humble Petition of the several Gen- ^"dn tlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Freeholders, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Reciting several Parts of Two Acts of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and the Twentieth of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Warrington to Wigan, in the county of ,

and from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington, to the

Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan aforesaid; and setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed to put the said recited Acts into Execution, borrowed large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which* together with the said Tolls, caused a Cart Cause-way, or Pavement, to be made, at a very great Expence, from the said Place called Earl's Kill, to the Toll Bars in Wsga* aforesaid; and that the said Tolls, for many Years past, have been entirely appropriated to pay the Money borrowed as aforesaid, which is not yet discharged; and the Inhabitants of the several Townships through which the said Road leads have sustained the whole Burthen and Expence of repairing the said Cause-way, or Pavoncat> and- that* by reason of the many

heavy

74 8 ° Februarii. . 1770.

heavy Carriages passing upon the said Hoad, the said Causeway or Pavement is now become in a very ruinous Condition, and in most Places so narrow that Two Carriages cannot pass each other, especially in the Winter Season, without great Danger; and that the Term granted by the last mentioned Act is near expiring, and the Powers therein contained are in many respects defective; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, and the Money owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls be repaid, unless the said Acts are amended, and a further Term is granted for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said several Acts, and for granting a further Term for the more effectual repairing and widening the said Road; in such Manner, and with such Powers, and under such Terms and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Sir Henry ton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

E?rh Barton A Petition of James Esquire, Owner of the

Inctofurr. Impropriate and Great Tithes, and other Estates in Earls Barton, in the County of Northampton, and of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Open and Common Fields of Earls Barton aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are possessed of several Freehold Estates, and other Properties, in the several Open and Common Fields and Meadows of Earls Barton aforesaid, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, by means whereof great Inconveniences do arise to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and the same are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation; and, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the same Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Ground, and Waste Ground, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. ~ - - *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the hud Petition: And that Sir George Osborne, Sir William and Sir Charles

Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Louth, Scti Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Commit-

Roads. tee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns of Louth, Tot hill, and

Gayton in the Marsh, and of the principal Owners and Inhabitants of the Towns and Villages contiguous to or through which the Road therein after mentioned leads to the said Towns, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; William, Flayer, Esq; being examined, said. That the Road from Saltfleetto Louth, and from Tothill and Gay-ton in the Marsh, to Louth, and from thence to -castle, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and in some Places dangerous, and cannot be properly amended and kept in Repair by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Louth in the County of Lincoln: And that

Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr.

Whichcot, and Mr. Amcotts, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are North thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of uninclosed and Commonable Lands, in the Manor of North Littleton, itl the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Fields and Commonable Lands within the said Manor, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but which would be greatly increased in Value if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in St Alban'i, Execution Three Acts, passed in the First Year of the &c* Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the 8th Roland 25th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways, through the several Parishes of Saint Michael,

Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and M whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted: but find the said Highways cannot be effectually repaired, widened, turned, and altered, for the Accommodation of Passengers, nor the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and some further Provisions are made by Parliament for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Terms of the said Acts, and for the effectual repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said Highways, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Radcliffe, Mr. Fuller, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- WytillHewb unto subscribed, having a Right of Common upon, and Inclosure. otherwise interested in, a certain Heath, called Heath, in the Parish of Wyvill cum Hungarton, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Heath, in its present Condition, yields but little Profit to the Petitioners, and that it would be very advantageous if the same was divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Heath, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Amcotts and Lord Brownlow Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Freeholders, and others, of the Mifteitoa Parish of Mifterton, in the County of Nottingham, whose Indofuit. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation;' are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and

that

to Geo. Ilf. 80 Februarit. 675

that if the same were divided and indofed, and Allotments thereof made to the Owners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Interests, it would be an Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Wiand Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

East A Petition of the Reverend Dodof in

Heflcrton Divinity, Lord of the Manor of East in the

Inclosure. parjft of We/l Heflcrton, in the East Riding of the County of Yorkr, and Owner of the greatest Part of the Lands and Common Right Houses, within the Township of East Hefterton aforesaid, Barnard Ford, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Common Fields, or Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, within the said Township, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; and that if the same were divided and indofed, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioners and others interested therein, it would be a great Improvement of their several Estates, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, or Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Hot ham, and Sir William do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Macclesfield, A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of Chester and Derby, °* residing near and usually travelling the High Road herein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the High Road leading from the New Bridge, upon the Turnpike Road at the Waters, in the Market Town of Macclesfield, in the County of , through Hurdsfield and Taxall, and the intermediate Townships in the County of , to the Turn-

pike Road at Randlecarr Lane Head, in the Township of Fernilee, in the County of Derby, leading to the Market Town of Chapel-ett-le Frith, in the same County, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow, incommodious, and dangerous; and that the putting the said Road in good and sufficient Repair will tend to the Improvement of the Trade and Commerce carried on in those Parts of the Country: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, widening, and altering, the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Meredith, Sir George Savile, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ockbrook A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Iaclosure. Tithes, and Common Rights, in the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pasture, and all other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ockbrook, in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto set, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti-Voc. 3a.

tioners Property, in the said Open Fields, Meadows,

Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, lie greatly dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation,-not capable of any considerable Improvement} and that it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, to have the same divided and indofed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Cavendish, Lord George Cavendish, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

A Petition of the several Freehold and Copyhold KnareflW Tenants to His Majesty, within His Forest of.

borough, in the County of York, Parcel of His Duchy n ° of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, having Right of Common on, or otherwise interested in, the same Forest, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there are within the said Forest Eleven Constablerics, known by the respective Names of Killinghall, Bil/cn with Harrowgale, Beckwith with Roset, Clifton, Timble, Thrtfcross, Menwith with Darky, Fsllis-cliffe, Birftwith, Hampftwaite, and Clint, and within the said Eleven Constableries large Tracts of Open Commonable Grounds, or Waste Lands, containing 20,000 Acres and upwards; to the Soil whereof His said Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, is intitled, and whereon the Petitioners and divers others.

Tenants as aforesaid, in Right of their Messuages and Lands within the said Forest, and also within the Borough of Knaresborough and Scriven cum Tenter gate, and other Places contiguous to or bordering upon the said Forest, are intitled to Commonage; which said Tracts of Open Commonable Ground, are at present of little Advantage to the Petitioners; and that it will be of public Utility, to have the same divided into just Allotments, and indofed; and also the Rights, Tenure, and Holding, of the respective Persons to whom any Allotments shall be made, regulated, and ascertained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House (halt seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Strange and Sir Henry Hogkton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time. Force*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Pembroke the 10th Day of January last, for hearing at the Bar of Eliftioa* this House, upon Tuesday next, the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Owen, Esquire, complaining of an undue

Election ^nd Return for the County of Pembroke, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly*

Ordered, That the said Order bedischarged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act Dutiea made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s °n Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of

8 K Tallow,

6j6 8° — 90 Februarii* 1770*

Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Way* Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported and Mean*. fr0mthe Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1770, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called , and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles , the Lord

North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. , and Mr. Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

State of the The House was moved. That the Order made upon Nation. Friday the 31st Day of January last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the State of the Nation, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Abingdon The Order of the Day being read, for hearing at the Xleaion. gar of t jajs fjoufCj the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks j

The Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read.

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of eleaing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of , made the 18th Day

of January 1708, was read; whereby it was resolved, " That the Right of electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Abingdon, is in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving " Alms, or any Charity."

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel, at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and stated the Numbers upon the Poll to be, for Mr. Morion 1 26, for Mr. Bayly 124; which was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member to be as stated by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed 16

todifqualify the Votes of Three Persons who voted for the Sitting Member, Two as receiving Charity, and One being a Certificate Man;

The same was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member$ and that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes upon the Poll.

And then the Counsel on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That John Morton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Nathanael Bayly, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, with the Return for the Borough of Abingdon, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Name of John Morton, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Nathanael Bayly, Esquire, instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly*

The other Order of the Day being read j

Ordered, That the Matter of the several Petitions Sudbury complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Electiom Borough of Sudbury, in the County of , be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Thu next, atTwelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Fetter is, 90 die Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Chesterfield Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, to the residing in and near the several Market Towns of Chester- Trent field, Worksop, and Retford, in the several Counties of Canal*

Derby, York, and Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, may be made, from a convenient Part of the said Town of Chesterfield, through or near the Towns of Worksop, and Retford, to join the River Trent, at or near Stock-

with, in the said County of Nottingham, whereby a safe, easy, and expeditious Communication will be opened between the said several Towns, and other the interior and populous Parts of the said Counties of,

and Nottingham, bordering upon, and lying near to, the Course of the said intended Cut or Canal, which, the Petitioners conceive, will be of very great Advantage not only to the Trades and Manufactures carried on in and near the said several Towns and Places, but also to the Inhabitants residing near the said intended Cut or Canal; and that the same will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Cut or Canal, by such Ways and Means, with such Powers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George , Mr. Plump-

tre, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber , and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Kingsfort

upon

Thames,

Ice.

Road.

New Sartrni Foor.

io Geo. III. 9° Februarii, 677

A Petition of divers of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants, of the County of and of the

City of Chichester, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of King-Jion upon Thames, in the County of to Sheet

Bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of S out/tampion, and other Roads therein mentioned, several Tolls and Powers were granted, for repairing the Road from Hind Heath, through Fernhurst Lane and to the

City of Chichester, and that, in pursuance of such Powers, the Trustees for the said District have proceeded in the Repairs of the said Road, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Tolls, Whereupon a large Debt still remains; and that it will be impossible to keep the said Road in Repair, and pay off such Debt, during the present subsisting Term; and that such Part of the before mentioned Road, from the North End of Fernhurst Lane, over Heath, is

almost totally disused; and that it would be a great Saving in the Expences of the Trustees of this Branch or District of the said Road, if the Road now petitioned for was confined, and to terminate Northward at the North End of Fernhurst Lane, at a Bridge there dividing the said Counties of SuJ'ex and Surrey and representing to the House, that it will be for the Benefit of the Trade and Inhabitants of the City of Chichester, and likewise greatly advantageous to all that Part of the Country, if the Road aforesaid was to be extended from the said City to Delkey, about Two Miles distant Southward

thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge and prolong the Term and Powers granted by the aforesaid Act of the Twenty-second Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, so far only as relates to such Branch or Part of the aforesaid Road from the before mentioned Bridge, at the North End of Fernhurst Lane aforesaid, to the City of Chichester aforesaid, and for extending the said Road from the said City to the Port of Delkey above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof , and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Sir Charles Whit-

worth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber , and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum, and also of several of the principal Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth, That the said City consists of the Parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin; and that the Poor of all the said Parishes have, beyond the Memory of Man, been maintained out of the Collections, by an equal Number of Rates, and a like Mode of Rating in each Parish made by the respective Officers of the said Three Parishes, which Method hath hitherto been found beneficial to the whole City; and in case it should be changed, for that of maintaining the Poor of each Parish separately, it would bring a heavy Burthen on the poorer Parishes, and prove detrimental to the City; and that Doubts have arisen, whether such Maintenance of all the Poor of the said City by such Collections is legal: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for consolidating all the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Three several Parishes into One Common Fund, for the Maintenance of all the said Poor, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Regulations, as to the House shall feemmeet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 32.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Bull, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber , and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

A Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse, in the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Lord Barrington, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Fownes Luttrell, of Dunjler in the County of Somerset, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Minehead, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the 12th and 13th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, certain Duties (over and besides the ancient and customary Duties and Acknowledgments before the passing of the said Act due and accustomed to be paid, to Tregonwell Luttrell, Esquire* and his Ancestors) were laid as therein particularly mentioned, for building out a new Head* and clearing the Beach, and other Works, for the securing, preserving* amending, and maintaining the Pier and Harbour of Minehead; and that, in pursuance of the said Act, a new Head was built; but the whole Duties not being sufficient to defray the Charges of completing and finishing the said Pier, exclusive of the Yearly Expence of repairing what had been done, all the Rates and Duties by the said Act granted were, by another Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for prolonging the Term for Payment of the said Duties granted by the First mentioned Act, further continued, for an additional Term of 16 Years, to commence from the Expiration of the Term granted by the First mentioned Act } and by another Act, made in the nth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, the said Terms and Powers were continued for the further Term of 40 Years, from the 24th Day of June 1738; and that all the Monies borrowed and expended for and towards building of the said new Head, and other Works, have been advanced and paid by the Lords of the Manor of Minehead, whom the Petitioner represents, and the Petitioner; and by an Account thereof, and of all other Monies received and disbursed on Account of the said new Pier, it appears that, on the 29th Day of September 1768, there was a Balance due to the Petitioner, the present Lord of the said Manor, of £. 9560. i8r. 10 j and that the Money collected by the Duties granted and continued as aforesaid hath been duly laid out, for the several Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; but the same hath proved greatly deficient to defray the Expences thereof 1 and it being necessary to keep the Mouth of the said Harbour clear from the Beach, and great Quantities of Stones that are continually forced into it by the Violence of the Sea, whereby the same is frequently choaked up, and to carry on the Works in Order to secure the said Harbour, and keep the same in Repair, which cannot be done unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said former Acts be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the Terms and Powers granted and given by the said recited Acts, and for the more effectual carrying the same into Execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the ^me, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Barrow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Plymouth

Town

Theatre;

Minehead

Harbour.

Eaton Bridge thro* Limpsfield Road.

Sebraham

Inclosure.

Redboum

Drainage.

Carlton

ludofure.

90 Februa

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and principal Inhabitants, and Land Owners, of and contiguous to the Villages of Limpsfield, Tit fey, and Walsingham, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road, at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Westerham, in the County of Kent, by Kent Hatch,

through Limpsfield, to the Village of over Botiey

Hill, Wormjheath, and Walsingham Common, to the Turn-

pike Road leading from Croydon to Godjione, in the said County of Surrey, is very narrow and incommodious in many Places; and that the said Road may be effectually widened, and kept in Repair, if competent Tolls and Duties were granted and applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road, at Cockham Hillaforesaid, through the Village of Limpsfield, to the Village of Titfty, over Botiey Hill, Wormjheath, and Walsingham Common, to the Turn-

pike Road leading from Croydon to Godjione aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates, in the Parish of Sebraham, otherwise Sebergham, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, an Act was made, for confirming the inclosing of the Common and Wastes within the said Parish, and other Purposes; and that the Petitioners find, that some Alterations are necessary to some of the Provisions of the said Act, for effectually executing the fame; and that it would be a Convenience to the Land Owners, and an Advantage to the Curate of the said Parish, if the Tithes belonging to the said Curate were extinguished, and proper Compensation made to him in Lieu thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes, under such Regulations as shall be thought necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Howard and Mr. Gray do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Reverend Robert Carter, of Red-bourn, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of in the County of Lincoln: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to direct that the Lands at may

be subject only to the Payment of Half the Assessment directed to be made by the said Act.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected.

1770.

and that, if the said Fields, MenJows, Cow Pastures, and Commonable Lands, were divided, and specific Shares allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Interests, it would be very advantageous to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Lord Brovjnlow Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Opefx Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of dington, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wulhfton, Mr. Beckford, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Cottages, and Frontsteads, in the Town ship of Dumington, Parcel of the Manors of Dumington and in the East

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Township, there is a Parcel of Ground, called Dunning-ton Common, or Moor, lying Open and Uninclosed, containing, by Estimation, 1,100 Acres, or thereabouts, which is uled and enjoyed according to the ancient Usage, as appurtenant thereto; and that the Reverend Francis Dodsworth is the Prebendary of the Prebend of Dumington, and the Lessee of the said Prebend are the Lords of the Manor of Dumington aforesaid; and the Reverend Henry Yarborough is Prebendary of the Prebend of Appleford, and the Lessee of the said Prebend are the Lords of the Manor of Hefiington aforesaid; and that the Reverend Benjamin Topham, Clerk, is Rector of the Rectory of Dunning ton aforesaid, and, as such, interested in the Great and Small Tithes of the said Township; and that, if the said Parcel of Open Ground was divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to, and vested in, the several Persons interested in the fame, and also reasonable Equivalents allotted to the said Rector, in Right of the said Rectory, in Lieu and full Satisfaction for Tithes and other Ecclesiastical Dues (Mortuaries and Surplice Fees only excepted) the same would be beneficial to the Public, and also a great Improvement to the Estates of the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclol-ing the said Parcel of Open Ground, and for exempting the same of and from all and all Manner of Great and Small Tithes, Tenths, and other Ecclesiastical Dues (Mortuaries and Surplice Fees only excepted), such adequate Satisfaction or Equivalents being allotted or given, in Lieu thereof, as shall be expressed in the said Bill, and for other Purposes in such Bill to be contained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And, that Mr. Weddel and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Smith, Esquire, Lord of the Mr. Willoughby presented to the House, according to Manors of Great Carlton and Castle Carlton, in the County Order, a Bill for better regulating the Navigation of of Lincoln, and Owner of greatest Part of the Lands the River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, in the County of within the Manors and Parishes of Great Carlton and Derby, to in the County of Lincoln: And

Castle Carlton aforesaid, in Behalf of himself and others, the same was received; and read the First Time, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

That there are several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cow Pastures, and other Commonable A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in F.xe-Lands, lying within the said Manors and Parishes, cution such Part of an Act, made in the Seventh Year which belong to the Petitioner and others; and that of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making na-the Property in the said Fields and Meadows is dif- vigable the River Ouze, from below Widdington Ings, at perled in fniall Parcels, and inconveniently flouted; or near Linton, to the Junction of the Rivers Swale ai d

Vre;

Saddingto*

Incloiuic.

fiunningtoa

Incltfiue-

Trent River

to

CJauish trough Navigarun.

Swale

Navigation.

ro Geo. III. 90 Februar 79

XJrt I and for making navigable the said River Swale, from - the said Junction to Morton Bridge; and also the Brook running from Bedainto, the River Swale, in the County of York, as relates to the said Navigation, from the Junction of the said Rivers Swale and up the said River Swale to Morton Bridge, and up the said Brook, to Bedale aforesaid; and also of the several Persons who have advanced Money, on the Credit of that Part of the said Navigation, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners appointed for putting in Execution so much of the said Act as relates to the Navigation from the Junction of the said Rivers Swale and Ure, up the said River Swale, to Morton Bridge, and up the said Brook, to Bedale aforesaid, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have caused several Works to be begun and carried on, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, on the Credit thereof, which have been nearly exhausted in partly effecting the Purposes of such Part of the said Act; and representing to the House, that the Money borrowed will not be sufficient to carry on and complete the Works already begun, and now at a Stand; and the Money which hath been advanced for so useful a Work will be loft (no Person being willing to lend any further Sum under the Powers of the said Act), unless some further Encouragement be given, for railing and securing a proper and sufficient Fund, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid; and that such Part of the said Act is in many other Respects deficient: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lowndes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Thornton A Petition of Sir William Horton, Baronet, and Walter

inclosure. Stanhope, Esquire, Lords of the Manor of Thornton, in Bradford Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of Benjamin Abraham Balme, Joseph

Wilkinson, Charles Swaine, Booth Sharpe, Isaac Hollings, Esquires, the Reverend William Lamplugh, Clerk, John Hill, and William Dawson, Doctors of Physic, -tha Midgley, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribpd, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor or Township of Thornton, who, in respect thereof, are intitled to Right of Common, upon the Common, or Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the same Manor and Township, for and in Behalf of themselves and others having Right of Common upon the Common, or Moor, and Waste Grounds aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a large Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, commonly called Thornton Common, lying in the said Manor and Township, containing, by Estima-tion, 1,600 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, yield very little Profit to the Petitioners; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners and - others interested therein, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said Common, or Moor, and Waste Grounds, unto and among the Petitioners and others interested therein, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Weddel do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

You. 32.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunder Earfwick subscribed, on Behalf, of themselves and others, the hidofure. Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Cottages,

Lands, and Tenements, in the Township of Earfwick,

Parcel of the Manors of Strenfall, and Huntington, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Township, there is a Parcel of Ground, called Earfwick Common, or Earfwick Moor, lying oper and Unin-clol’ed, containing, by Estimation, 600 Acres, or thereabouts, which is used and enjoyed by the Petitioners, of their Tenants, Owners, or Farmers of Ancient Meffu- -ages. Cottages, and Frontsteads, according to the ancient Usage, as appurtenant thereto, situate and being within the said Township; and that if the same was divided and inclosed, and specified Shares thereof allot. ted to, and veiled in, the several Persons interested in the fame, and also reasonable Equivalents in Land allotted to the Prebendary of the Prebend of Strenfall aforesaid, and his Lessee, to the Vicar of the Pariftx Church of Strenfall aforesaid, and to the Vicars Choral, and their Lessee, and to the Vicar or Curate of the Parish Church of Huntington aforesaid, in.Lieu and full Satisfaction for Tithes and other Ecclesiastical Dues (Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees only excepted), arising, renewing, or increasing, from the said Parcel of Ground intended so be inclosed as aforesaid, and also from the Old Inclosures within the said Township, tire same would be beneficial to the Public, and also a great Improvement to the Estates of the several Persons interested therein:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said Parcel of Ground, and for exempting the fame, and also the Old Inclosures, Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, and other Lands and Tenements, within the said Town.

ship of Earfwick, and the Inhabitants and Occupiers thereof, of and from all and all Manner of Great and Small Tithes, Tenths, and other Ecclesiastical Dues (Mortuaries and Surplice Fees only excepted), such adequate Satisfaction or Equivalents being allotted or given, in Lieu thereof, as shall be expressed in the said Bill, and for other Purposes in such Bill to be contained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Lord George Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and . Brandon Traders, of Brandon, in the County of Suffolk, waspre- to fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the ®"ry,

Road from the South End of the Ferry , in Bran- Road. *

don, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, is very ruinous, and dangerous for Carriages, Horses, and Cattle, and cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road leading from the South End of the Ferry Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referted to Sir John Rous, Mr. Jackson,

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, af Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Scrope, Esquire, Lord of the Welton Manor of Welton, in the County of in Behalf IndofuM.

of himself and several others, Proprietors of Lands within the Manor and Parish of Welton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Manor and Parish several Common Fields and Uninclosed Lands, which are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, and that, if

8 L the

Watermehi«

Company.

Littleport,

Itc.

Roads,

680 90 Februariu 1770.

the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Advantage to the Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields and Uninclosed Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Sir Walter and Mr. Which cot,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, Assistanta, and Comptrollers, of the Watermen and Lightermen’s Company, in Behalf of themselves and the whole Body of Watermen and their Apprentices, working on the River of Thames, in the Port of Lonwas presented to the

House; and read; Setting forth, That there are at present a Variety of Laws in being for the Government of the said Company, and to regulate other Matters relative thereto, which essentially concern the Public; and that* in Consequence of the said Laws, or some of them, federal Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, have been made, for the better Regulation of the Company, and other Purposes relating thereto, and to the Watermen in general working on the River Thames; some of which Laws, Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, are become ob-folete, others, for a Variety of Causes that have arisen since the making thereof, are become inadequate to answer the good Ends intended thereby; and the said Laws are in several Respects defective; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it would be of public Benefit, if all the Laws relating to the said Company were reduced into One, and explained and amended where necessary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for such Purposes; and that such further and other Relief may be given in the Prernifes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Townsend, the Lord Mayor of London, Sir JRobert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Harley, and Mr. Al-

derman Trecothick, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Trustees whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament palfed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge, to Ely, and from thence to Soham, and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge; and also another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the aforesaid Act, and for repairing and widening and making several other Roads adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired and widened by the said Act; and also of divers other principal Inhabitants of Ely, Sutton, Wilberton, Wentworth, Mepall, and Little-fort, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, thery, Hilgay, Fordham, Denver, and Downham in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting (brth, That the Trustees have put the said Powers into Execution; and that the Public in general have received great Benefit thereby; and it i6 apprehended that (till greater Advantages would arise to the Public, if a Highway or Road was made, from the Turnpike Road in Littleport aforesaid, over the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Ferry, and

thence along the Eastward Side of the River Ouze, to a Place called Brandon Creeps End, across the said Creek's End, and thence, along the East Side of the said River Ouze, to the End of the Causeway leading to Southery, in the County of Norfolk, and along the said Causeway,

by or through Southery, to Hilgay, and thence to -

ham and Denver, and thence to the South End of the Pavement in Downham aforesaid, and from the North End of the Pavement in Downham, to a Place called ‘the Chequer Cornerj and if a Bridge waserested over the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Scot ting's Ferry, irt Littleport, and also another Bridge over Brandon Rivers at or near the Creek's End, for the Purposes aforesaid j and that it will also be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the Country in general, if a Road was made from the Turnpike Road, at a Place called Gibbet Hil/t in the Parish of Sutton, in the said Isle of Ely, to , in the County of Huntingdon; and also if another Road was made, from the Turnpike Road at or near a House late in the Occupation of George Farritt, in the Parish of Wilbur ton, across Grunty Fen, to a House in the Occupation of Love Owen, in the Parish of Mepall, in the said Isle: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making a new Highway, or Road, from Littleport to Downham aforesaid, according to the lad mentioned Description, and also for making a Highway or Road from the Turnpike Road at Gibbet

Hill, to Erith; and also a Highway or Road from the Turnpike Road, at or near a House late in the Occupation of George Farrin, to the House of Love Owen, in Mepall aforesaid, and for erecting the Bridges at or near the aforementioned Places, and also for consolidating such Tolls as shall be collected between Littleport and Downham aforesaid, with those Tolls already appointed to be collected, between the Lamb , in Ely, and the said Parish of Littleport, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr, Willoughby, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Frederick Archbishop of Canterbury, Croydon was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. Palace. That the Palace or House at Croydon, in the County of Surrey, known by the Name of the Palace of the Arch-bishop of Canterbury, is in a ruinous Condition; and that the said Palace or House (lands in so damp and unw'nolfome a Situation, and is in many Respects so incommodious, that few Archbishops of Canterbury have at any Time been able to live there; and that it is unfit for the Habitation of an Archbishop of Canterbury: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him and his Successors to cause the said Palace or House to be pulled down; and that the Materials with which the same was built, together with the Scite of the said Palace or House, and Outhouses, Gardens, Grounds, Two Clofcs of Meadow or Pasture Land containing by Estimation Six Acres, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, may be fold and disposed of, under such Conditions as shall be thought proper in the Opinion of such Persons as shall be named in the Bill; or, if the said Commissioners shall judge it more adviseable to fell the said Palace or House as it now stands, together with the Scite thereof.

Gardens, Grounds, Two Closes of Meadow or Pasture Land, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in such same to enable the Petitioner or his Successors, with the Approbation and Confenc of the said Commissioners, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof to the Building of another House, in a more wholsome and commodious Situation; and that Provision may be made in the Bill for veiling the Money to be received by him of the Representatives of the late Archbishop of Canterbury, on account of Dilapidations for the present Palace or House of Croydonin the said Commissioners.

1

Compton

Ihclofilrc.

long

K ill on

luciofure*

io GeO. III. 6° Februarii. 681

sioners, for the afore-mentioned Purpose of building another House, in a morewholfome and commodious Situation and for indemnifying the Petitioner’s Heirs* Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of and from any future Claims or Demands whatsoever of Dilapidations, bn account of the present Palace or House, of any of the Premises or Appurtenances thereunto belonging.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Doctor Hay and Mr. Curzon, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of William Huffey, Esquire, Lord of the Manor or Manors of Comptonin the Parish of in the County of Wilts, and principal Proprietor of Lands there, on Behalf of himself and the other Proprietors and Persons interested, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor or Manors, several Common Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, which might be greatly improved, if divided and allotted into (pecific Shares: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to divide and allot the said Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, with a Power to inclose the fame, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. £arrow and Sir John St. Aubyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Hugh Bethell Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Long Rifion, in Hol, in the East Riding

of the County of York, and Lord of the Manor of Arnall,

otherwise Arnold, in Holderness aforesaid, and also an Owner of a great Number of Messuages, Cottages, Scites of Cottages, or Tofts, and by far the greatest Part of the Open Fields and Grounds, at Long Rifion and Arnall, otherwise Arnold, aforesaid, and others whose Names arc subscribed, Owners of, or otherwise interested in, the Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That, at Long Rifion aforesaid, there are several Open Uninclosed Parcels of Land, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, called West Field,

Ox Pasture, Braymer, East Field, and The Car or Common, and other Names, which are computed to contain in the Whole 1,800 Acres, or thereabouts and that, at Arnall, otherwise Arnold, aforesaid, there are also several Open and Uninclosed Parcels of Land, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, called The Ea/l Field, West Field, Moor Butts, and The Car or Common, and other Names* and that there is also within the Territories of Arnall, otherwise Arnold, aforesaid, or near adjoining thereto, a certain other Parcel of Land, called Arnall Ings, otherwise Arnold Ings, otherwise holme Ings all which (together with some Old Inclosure at Arnall, otherwise Arnold, aforesaid) contain in the Whole 1,671 Acres, or thereabouts j and that the Lands and Grounds at Long Rifion and Arnall, otherwise Arnold, aforesaid, lie contiguous to each other, and intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are capable of no considerable Improvement and that it would be a great Benefit to all the Persons interested, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares allotted to the Parties, according to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Division and Inclosure of the several Lands and Grounds above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thoruton, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Lajctlles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vo!.. 3a.

A Petition of the Reverend Peter Simon, Joseph Sykes, Esquire, Sher mar Rookj, Esquire, and

Barber, Gentleman, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Freehold Estates in the several Open Fields, Grounds, and Common, in the Township of Melton, in the Parish of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read* Setting forth, That there are several Open Fields and Grounds, and also a Common, within the Township of Melton aforesaid, containing altogether i.oooo Acres* in which the Estates of the Petitioners and others lie interihixed and uninclosed* and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be much more useful and convenient* and that the Petitioners are desirous, and have agreed; that thg said Open Fields, Grounds, and Common, should be inclosed, and allotted unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their respective Shares and Interests therein, and that a Compensation may be fcade, in Lieu of Tithes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to effect the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Weddel and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees to, and Creditors under, an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from port, in the County of Chester, to Saxons Lane End, in the County of Lancaster, and from the Cross in Ashton under Line, in the said County of Lancaster, to DoSlors Lane Head, in the County of York, and also the Road branching out of the First mentioned Road, in the Township of Bredbury, to Mottram, in the said County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Repair of the said Roads, and have borrowed 4,800 /. on the Credit of the Act* which Money, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, and the greatest Part of the said Roads is put in good Repair; in doing which, and other incidental Expences, a further considerable Debt has been incurred and that it will be necessary to raise more Money, to complete, the Repair of the whole of the said Roads, which the Trustees are unable to do on the Credit of the present Term of the said Act* and that the said Act is in several RespectS ineffectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term, ana amend some of the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition bo referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. G Mr. KynaftoH^hc. i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the J Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tithes, Tithes Impropriate, Propriations of Tithes, and Saleable Underwoods, in the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all others chargeable with, and contributing to, the Main* tenance and Relief of the Poor, tyithin the said Hundred, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That the Poor within the said Hundred are con* (iderably increased, and are maintained at a mueh greater Charge than formerly* and that, if they were put under proper Government, and a Place provided for their general Reception, the Aged and Infirm might be more effectually relieved, the Idle and Profligate usefully employed.

Melton , Inclosure*

Stockport, ,8c c. Roads.

fdrehoe

Poor.

ie

6 8 a o° Februar. A. 1776;

ployed, and the Children properly instructed, and trained to Industry, to the considerable Relief of the Petitioners, and the general Good of Society; and that these salutary Ends would be fully answered, if the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Tithes within the said Hundred, were incorporated, and appointed Guardians of the Poorthereof, and such Provisions, Powers, and Regulations, as may be necessary for carrying the said Design into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may meet with such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. De Grey, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Mendip A Petition of Thomas , Esquire, John Strode,

Inclosure. Esquire, John Pagett, Clerk, and James Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a Large, Open, Uncultivated Common, or Track of Ground, Parcel of , situate

within the Parishes of East and West Cranmere,

in the County of Somerset; and that the Freeholders and Owners of Lands or Tenements within the said Parishes have, in respect of such their Lands or Tenements, a Right of Common in, over, and upon, the said Common; and that the said Thomas Horner is Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of J)owlting (to which the Parish Churches of East Cratimerornhd Cranmere its annexed), and also is Impropriator of, and intitled unto, all the Great Tithes within the said Parishes; and the said John Pagett is Vicar of the said Parish Church of Dowlting, with the said Parish Churches of Raft Cranmere and West Cranmere annexed; and that the Petition-

ers are possessed of, or intitled unto, more than Five Parts out of Six of the said Common; and that it would be advantageous to the several Proprietors thereof, to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leive be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said4 Petition: And that Mr. Coxe and Mr. Brickda do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

St. George, A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vef-

Himover trymen, of the Parish of George, Hanover Square, in

Square, the Liberty of Westminster, and County of

paving. on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in Consequence of several Acts of Parliament, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the several Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts in the said Acts mentioned, several Streets have been paved, and are now repaired, cleansed, and lighted, within the said Parish, under the Direction of the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts; but that many of the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the said Parish, remain in the same Condition as they were before the passing of the said Acts; and that the Petitioners are desirous to take into their own Care a Work that more immediately concerns themselves, and to carry on and complete the Improvements already begun by the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, which, they apprehend, will be sooner effected, if a distinct Set of Commissioners were appointed, for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and repairing, the Streets, Squares,'

Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Parish only t And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Curzon, Mr. Waljh, See.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of Margaret Cavendijhe, Duchess Dowager of St. M«y It

Portland, William Henry Cavendijhe, Duke of Portland, and ®one the Nobility residing in the Parish of St. Mary le bone, Church, in the County of Middlesex, and the humble Petition of the Vestrymen and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House. and read; Setting forth.

That the Parish of St. Mary le bone is a large and populous Parish, and the present Parish Church is much too small for the Inhabitants to assemble in for the Public Worship of God; and the Petitioners are desirous of building a larger Parish Church, and of inclosing a Piece of Ground for a Burying Place, but cannot carry their Intentions into Execution without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring a Bill, in such Manner and Form as to the House shall seem meet, to enable the Vestry of the said Parish to effectuate those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mackworth, Mr. ton,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records:

And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act of Ode Parliament passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign h?aviSi‘t*oa» of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, in the Execution of the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; for rendering the said first Act more effectual, expended large Sums of Money in erecting a Lock and Dam, and otherwise in the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River; notwithstanding which, the Petitioners have, for several Years past, caused the Tolls and Duties, allowed to be taken by the said last mentioned Act, to be reduced to nearly One Half of the Rates allowed by the same Act; and that the Navigation of the said River is dill capable of much greater Improvements, which would be very beneficial to the Public; but, by reason of several Defeats in the said former Acts, and particularly in the Mode of collecting and recovering the said Tolls and Rates, the Petitioners cannot carry the same into Execution, without the farther Aid and Assistance of Parliament:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for giving further Powers to the Trustees appointed for putting the said Acts into Execution, and for rendering the same Acts more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred totbeCon-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Turner Sir George,

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pqrfons, Papers; and Records.

A Peti-

io Geo. Ilf.

Puns forth A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

inclosure. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others,

O vvners of, or interested in, the Common Fields, Mea-dv>w Grounds, Pastures, and Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township or Territories of Upper Dunsforth and Eranton, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township or Territories, Five Unin-ci'ofed Common Fields, called Gallabar and Long Fields Hunday Field, Mill , Carr , and Melton OujebcrneField, containing, by Estimation, 500 Acres; and Four Uninclosed Parcels of Meadow, called The biarch Cmkhillsand Biglands, containing, by Estima-tion, 22 Acres, wherein the Lands of the several Proprietors lie very inconveniently intermixed; also Two Stinted Pastures, or Parcels of Uninclosed Ground, called J/ecarr and Mecarr, containing, by Estimation, 40 Acics; and Four other Uninclosed Parcels of Common , Ground, called The Caw, containing, by Estimation,

24 Acres; The Green, containing, by Estimation, 4 Acres; Cotfierbury Hill, containing, by Estimation,

4 Acres; and Seggans, containing, by Estimation, 6 Acres; and that an Inclosure of the said Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, and Un-: ineloled Grounds, and a Division thereof amongst the several Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests therein, will be highly beneficial: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, and Uninclosed Grounds, and for other Purposes therein to be expressed, under such Regulations as to the House shall feetn street.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Turner and Mr. Ilarbord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Scalby A Petition of John Hill, . Esquire, who, as Lessee un-

Indoiure. der the Crown, is Lord of the Honour of rickering, and Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of York, and the several Owners and Impropriators of the Tithes, Great and Small, arising or issuing in or out of any Lands or Grounds within the said Manor of Scalby aforesaid, and the several Owners of Houses and Lands, having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor of Scalby aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Manor, there are several large Open Fields, and also very large and extensive Commons and Waste Grounds, containing altogether about 4,000 Acres of Open and Uninclosed Grounds, which are at present of small Use or Value; and that, if the same were divided and inrlofed, they would be capable of very great Improvement, which would tend greatly to the Advantage, not only of the Petitioners, but to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arabic Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor of Scalby, in the said North Riding of the said County of York.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

LafceUes and Mr. Cholmleydo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Brandon A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, to residing near to the Road leading from the Borough of

Bury Bury St. Edmunds, to the Town of Newmarket, in the ^Road"n<k Counties of Suffolk and , was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Road is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and -VAl.jz.

widened without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, altering, and turning, tire said Road, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, ;as. to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Fitzr Mr. Townshend,

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An. ingrafted Bill for amending the Road from Saint Norwich Stephen's Gate, in the City of Norwich, to a Place called *

Block Hill, in Trowfe, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending the Road, from St. Stephen's Gate, in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trowfe, at the Angle where the Road divides to Bixley and in the County of Norfolk. *

Ordered, That Mr. Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Metcalfe, Esquire, Lord of the Bdlerby Manor of Bellerby, in the County of York, his Grace Inclosure, the Most noble Harry Duke of Bolton, Edward Rector of Bedale, in the said County of , Clerk,

John Lonsdale, of Marsham, in the said County, Gentleman, James Pickerfgill, of Leyburn, in the said County,

Gentleman, William Walker, Edmund Fawvell, Francis Lonsdale, John Wray, Luke Lonsdale, Thomas Walker,

Michael Lonsdale, Thomas Thompson, and Francis land,' all of Bellerby aforesaid. Gentlemen, and of several other Persons whose Names are subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read 1 Setting forth, That, within the said Manor, there are Two large Common Stinted Pastures, called Bellerby High Pasture, or Hewbriggs, and The containing together, by Estimation, 287 Acres, and also acer-tain large Tract of Uninclosed Ground, called Bellerby Moor or Common, containing, by Estimation, 1,680 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Pastures and Moor, for many Years past, have produced little Profit to the Owners and Proprietors thereof; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, are capable of being much improved; and the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, would be greatly benefited thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savileand Mr. Vane do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Capital Burgesses and In- Tamworth habitants, of the Borough of Tamworthin the Counties Roads, of Stafford and Warwick, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other the Inhabitants, residing in and near the High Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Culefhilland the City of Litchfield, at The Green

Man at Moxall Park Corner, through the Liberties and Parishes of Wifhaw, Moxall, and Middleton, in the said County of Warwick, and the Parish of Drayton Baffetty in the said County of Stafford, and the said Borough and Parish of Tamworth, in the said Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and the Parish of El/ord, near the School there, into and through the Liberty of in the County of Stafford, and the Parish of Croxall, in the said County of Stafford, and the Parish-of Alrcwas, to the Turnpike

8 M Road

90 Februarii,

584 9° Februarii. . 1770.

Road there leading from Litchfield to Burton upon Trent, y?<5«, In the Counties of and Derby, was presented and from the End of Oakley Lane, next to The Meaje to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the 'Lam, to the End of Rye Lands Lane, in the said Parish said Lord ship there are Three several Open Fields, and of Cruxall, and County of Derby, and from Elford Mill, divers Parcels of Meadow and Waste Ground; and that

through the Liberties of Hazelor, Harlafton, Haunton, the said different Properties in the said Fields and Mea-and Clifton Campvill, to the House of William Turner, of dows lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels; and Clifton Campvill, aforesaid, in the said County of Stafford, it would be advantageous to all Parties, to have the fame, and also in and near the High Roads leading from Bajffett and also the said Waste Ground, inclosed and divided Pole, in the said Parish of Drayton Baffett, to the said into specific Allotments, amongst the several Persons in-Borough of Tamworth, and from The Bird in the Hand, terested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may in Gitngate, in the said Borough of Tamworth, over be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the ftozv Bridge, to the Two Gates in the said Parish o {Tam*said Open Fields, Meadow, and Waste Ground, in such worth, and County of Warwick, and through the Parishes Manner as to the House shall seem meet, of Tamworth, and the Liberty of Dofihill, and the Parish Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-of Kingsbury, by Drakenage, through the Liberties of suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Nether Whit acre, and Over Whitacte, in the said County Clarke and Sir Mavcpey do prepare, and bring in,

of Warwick, to the Cross Roads in Over Whitacre Field, the fame, adjoining the Turnpike Road, leading to Coventry, and

from the End of Silver Street, in the said Borough of A Bill for amending the Road from in the Ayle&wy,

Tamworth, over Hopwas Bridge, and through the said County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton,

Parish of Tamworth, and over Packington Lane and to the Turnpike Road between Bcnfington and - oads'

Whittington Heath, and by Freeford House to the Gallows ford, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time, in the County of the City of Litchfield, at the Turnpike Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Popham,

Road leading from Litchfield to London, was presented Mr. Plumptre, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Roads are very frequently rendered impassable, by the

high Floods to which they are now subject, and, from Mr. Rice, from the Commissioners for Trade and Estimm;

the Nature of the Soil and other Circunistances, they are Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s

become so very ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Command, Plantation.

Season, some Parts thereof are impassable, and other Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting

Parts thereof, by reason of their Narrowness, are rendered the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova

very incommodious and inconvenient to Passengers: And Scotia, for the Year 1770: And also,

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s

a Bill for raising, repairing, widening, and altering, the Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attend-

l’aid Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem ing the fame, from the 24th of June 1769 to the 24th

meet. of 1770: And also,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s (ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1769 to the pear to them, to the House: ' 24th of June 1770: And also,

And it is referred to Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Congreve, &c.: Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1769 to the fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. 24th of 1770: And also,

Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of Ravmftone A Petition of Leonard Fosbrooke, Esquire, the Reverend His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year iuvtosure. William Clayton, Clerk, and of the several other Persons 1770.

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Pro- And the Titles of the said Estimatcs were read,

prietors of Land, Ground, and Right of Common, within The said Estimates are as followeth; viz,

the Lordship or Liberty of Ravenfione, otherwise Raun-

ESTIMATE

ioGlOi lit* 96 Pebruirin

ESTIMATE of (be Charge of itialntaining and supporting the Civil Establishiiletit Of Mis Majesty’l

Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1770.

To an additional Salary to the Governor ***-

To a Salary to the Chief Justice

To a Salary to the Attorney General ——

To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himself and Clerics To an Allowance to the Naval Officer

To an Allowance to the Regiftet* - *

To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expence* attending

that Establishment.....-

To the Sataries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council -

To the Hire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent to the Mininers and Schoolmasters in the different Districts of the Province To an Allowance for Fire Wood for the Ofc of the Governor’s House and Public Offices »

To the Expence of a Pilot Boat.....*

To the Salary of the Agent ——

To the Salary of the Treasurer -

To the Expence of the Orphan House.....*

To Allowances to Mrs. How, and to sundry Persons, who after long and meritorious Services, are left deftltute Under Age and Infirmity, by the Discontinuance of sundry Establishments heretofore maintained at the Public Charge -

To an Allowance for a Magistrate in the Island of Breton....

To an Allowance for a Priest to the Micmac Indians, pursuant to a Treaty in 1761, being an Allowance heretofore pud out of the Contingencies, for which no Provision ii made in this Estimate -

To an Allowance upon Account for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Estimate - *

500-----

AOO — —

loo — — 261 10 — i8t 10 —

182 to —

*75-----

too----

100 — —

JOO — —

4.239 ~ 5

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1769 to the 24th of June 1770.

it.

To the Salary of the Governor -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice ——

To the Salary of the Secretary -

-"To the Salary of the Clerk of the Assembly ——

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands ——

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

To the Salary of the Attorney General ——

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal ——

To an Allowance for a Minister of the Church of England, and two Schodmasters To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony -

To an Allowance to the Pilot Rationed at the Mouth of Savannah River with a Boat, and sufficirnt Hands -

To an Allowance for contingent Expences ——

To an Allowance to Mr. Ottoleughe Superinteodant of the late Filature at Savannah, in Confederation of his long and faithful Services in that Office, which b now discontinued

£ dk

1,000 — — -500 — — 100 — — 26 — —

150-----

100 — — t5o.

loo — u6 — — a 00 — —

56 — — 500 — . —

too — —

3,086 r — -

T«3C. ESTIMATE

1

686

9* Februarii.

A~ 1770.

E S T I M A T E of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Etf-pences attending the fame, from the 24th of 1769 to the 24th of June 1770. .;

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of the Chief strfHce -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of the Regiller -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands - -

To an Allowance for an Assistant - - - - -> - -

To the Salary of the Agent ——

To a Minister at St. Augustine -

To a lyiinifter at St. Marks - - - _ -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, £.25 each -

To an Allowance for a Pilot established at St. A -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences -

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods, for Presents for the

Indians ——

To an Allowance for the Encouragement of Vines, Silk, and other beneficial Articles of

"Culture -

‘ - " ’

£ s. d. 1,200 — i —

5O0 -

150----

150----

100 — — . 120 — — .

30----

200 — —

ICO-----

ICO----

50-----

50-----

500----

1,000 -

500-----

4.750 — —

E S T I M A T E of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1769 to the 24th of June 1770.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief ——

To the Salary of the Chief Justice ’- - - - - .

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of a Register ——

To the Surveyor of Lands ——

To an Allowance to an Assistant -

To the Salary of the Agent -

To the Salary of a Minister at Pettfacola, - . - _ - - _ r.

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, £. 25 each -

To the Salary of the -Provost Marshal - - - - -'

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences - -

To an Allowance for a Purchase of a proper Aflbrtment of Goods, for Presents to the Indians - -

O '

j ,200 — — .

500-----

i5o-----

150-----

100 — —

120-----

30-----

200 -

IOO-----

IOO -

5°-----

IOO — - —

1,000 -

1,000 — — -

4,800 — —

E ST IM ATE of the Expence attending General Surveys- of His Majesty’s Dominions in ‘North America, ... . _ for the Year 177a.

To -an Allowance for a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at Quebec, during the Time the Chief — Surveyor is employed -in making Surveys in other Parts of the.Northern District T*o a Deputy Surveyor at Ten Shillings per Day, and- to Two Assistant Surveyors at.Seven Shillings per Day each To one Draughtsman at Five Shillings per Day -- --- _ -

To an-additional Pay of- One Shilling and Eight-Pence per Day to One Serjeant, One Shilling per Day to One Corporal, and Sixpence per Day to Twelve Private Men to assist in

-Hiich Survey, and to serve as Camp, Colour, and Chain Men, and to make Signals along — Shore,-and on the Tops of the Mountains -

To extraordinary Expences for Horses, Guides, £s?r.

*io Expences-and. Allowances for the Survey of the Southern District, upon the same Plan -To an Allowance upon Account of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Estimate -

To an Allowance for defraying the Expence of Making Copies, for the Use of the Public Offices, of the Maps and Plans returned by the Surveyors, and for preparing them for '* Publication ——

£ s. dJ

100 s

4S8 —

91 5 —

155 2 —

IOO----

7* *° *7 —

200 — —

too — ’ —

1,885 4 —

Ordered,

io Geo. III. o* Februariu 687

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply Bill; Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-Land Tax. core];ng to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Service of the Year 1770: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'oived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mercer’s The House being informed, That Mr. Cawne, Clerk Company. Gf the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in i and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled} " The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the M City of landtm, from the 10th of October 1768, to the 10th of October 1769, directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament, by Two Acts, One of the t 1 ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the " Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercets of the City of , and the

41 other of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Fjrrt A Petition of William Hill and John , was pre-Debt 10 the Rented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That C*OWIU the Petitioners, with 'Thomas who lately died in-

solvent, by Three several Bonds, Two of them bearing Date the 30th of July 1761, and the other of them the 14th of July 1762, did become bound with, and as Sureties for, William Pye, Esquire, late Receiver General of the Land Tax, of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and of all Penftons and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenues belonging to His Majesty, exceeding the Value of £.100 per Annum, anting within the County of in the

penal Sum of £. 16,000, £. 3,000, and 1,500, respectively, for the said Pye*s duly accounting for the Tax, Rates, and Duties aforesaid, at the respective Times, and in the Manner therein mentioned; and that the said William Pye did, in Part of Performance of the Conditions of the said Bonds, pay into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and on Account of the Mi-( litia raised for the County of Cornwall, several considerable Sums, in Part of the said Revenues arising within 1 the said County, put in Charge upon and received by

him; but the said William Pye, being found negligent in his Duty, was dismissed from his laid Employment, and then flood indebted to His said Majesty in a large Sum of Money, on Account of his said Receivership; and that the Petitioner William Hill, having Notice of such the Failure of the said William Pye, took a Journey, from a remote Part of Cornwall, to London, and, by the Diligence and Attention of the Petitioners, aided by an Extent issued against the said Pye, protected a considerable Part of his Estate and Effects against a Commission of Bankruptcy, which had been issued against him; and that the Petitioners have, at sundry Times, paid into the Receipt of His said Majesty’s Exchequer several Sums, amounting in the Whole tOj£. 7*017, raised, recovered, and received, by them, partly by and out of the Estate and Effects of the said William Pye, and partly upon their own Credit; and that the Petitioners have paid, and are liable to pay, to Agents concerned in transacting the Affairs of the said William Pye, the Sum of Six hundred Pounds and upwards, independent of Vol. 31.

their own Loft of Time, Trouble, and Expences; and that there still (lands in Charge of the said Debt unsatisfied, against the said William the Sum of £. 11,162 as appears by the Certificate of the proper Officer to the Petition annexed; but the Account of the said William Pye hath not been made up and settled relative to the said Transactions; and that, waa such Account liquidated, sundry Articles of Credit would, as the Petitioners conceive, be fouod due to the said Pye, and greatly reduce the said Sum so certified to be resting due from the said Pye; and that divers Debts due to the Estate of the said William Pye are still outstanding, to the Amount of £. 5,000 and upwards, as the Petitioners compute the lame, a State whereof they have caused to be laid before His Majesty’s Solicitor of the Affairs of Taxes, in order to such Course being taken for the Recovery thereof as shall be thought expedient; and that the Misfortunes the Petitioners labour under, as Sureties of the said Pye, are much enhanced, by the Death and Insolvency of the said other Surety of the said Pye; and was the Whole of the said Demand required to be satisfied by the Petitioners, it would subject them and their Families to insurmountable Difficulties and Dif-tress, which can alone be averted by their being permitted to compound for the said Debt of the said William Pye, so far as concerns themselves: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with the Petitioners the said Debt due from the said William Pye, in such Manner, and upon such Terms, as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable, and to give such other Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Medley presented +0 the House, according to New Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Chappel, Repair, the Road from New Chappel, in the County of Surrey, over Copthom, in the County of Sufesc, through Linifield, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bofthills, in the said County of Sussex: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mf.

Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for JacqumY Naturalizing John Nicholas Jacquin; to which the Lords ** desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Marine to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Force*, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles and Mr. Daniel Lascelles Kn*re(fcorough be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of *

the Petition of the several Freehold and Copyhold Tenants to His Majesty, within His Forest of KnareJ-

8 N borough.

Supply*

Ways tffld Means,

BeHerby

Inclosure.

Ipswich,

Sec.

Roads.

trtfwell

Inclosure.

688 90 — 10° Fe 1770.

borough^ in the County of York, Parcel of His Duchy of Lancaft-er, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and others haying Right of Common on, or otherwise interested in, the same Forest.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refolded, That this House wilt upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee.of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, i o* die Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii III‘y Regis, 1770*

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That Mr. John Robinfonbt added to the Gentle- men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John Metcalfe, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of , in the County of York, his Grace the Most noble Harry Duke of

ton, Edward Place, Rector of Bedale, in the said County of York, Clerk, John Lonsdale, of , in the said County, Gentleman, James of , in

the said County, Gentleman, William , Edmund Fawvell, Francis Lonsdale, John , Luke,

Thomas Walker, Michael LThomas

and Francis Morland, all of Belltrby aforesaid,. Gentlemen, and of several other Persons whose Names are subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Manor.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, in the County of Suffolk, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Coddenham Beacon, in the said County; and also of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Suffolk, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed i is referred.

A Petition of the Company for Propagation of the Gospel in New England, and Parts adjacent in America, Lords of the Manors of Erefwell and Chamberlains, in the Parish of Erefwell, in the County of Suffolk, and of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Erefwell, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others in the said Open and Common Fields, and certain Closes called Half Year Closes, lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their pre-rent Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and if the said Fields and Closes were divided and indofed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Persons interested, and all Rights of Common and Sheep Walks *9

thereon, and also all Rights of Sheep Walk on certain Warrens, called The Upper and Lower Warren, were extinguished, it would be a manifest Advantage to all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying,. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Closes, and for extinguishing all Right of Common and Sheep Walks thereon, and on the said Warrens, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Jackson and Sir John Rous do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tham^ and other Inhabitants of the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Thame, in the said County, by Thame Park, through the Parishes of Thame, and Lewknor, to the Road leading from Stoken Church to Tetsworth, and from the opposite Side of the same Road, through the Parishes of Le, Adwell, South Wqfton, Shir burn, and Pirton, to Watlington, and from thence through the Parishes of Watlin, Britwell Prior,

and Swyncombe, to the Road at or near leading from Henley upon Thames to Benfington, and from the opposite Side of the same Road, through the Parishes of Nct-tlebed, Rotherfield Grays, Rotherfield Peppard, Sunning Eye, and Dunfden, and Caversham, to the Road leading from Caversham Bridge to Henley upon Thames, near a Place called Little End, at Caversham, and also from Watlington, up Watlington Hill, across Christmas Common, through the Parishes of Watlington, Pirton, Newington, Pisfhill,

Bin, and Henley upon Thames, to the Road leading from Nettlebed to Henley upon Thames, at a Place called Fairmile, and also from Christmas Common, through the Parishes of Watlington, Pirton, lpflone,

Hambleton, and Millend, to the Turnpike Road leading from Henley upon Thames to Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, near a Place called Millend, in the said County of Bucks, are in many Places ruinous and narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, where necessary, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House fli&ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Wenman, Mr. Barrow, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend Henry Goodrich, Clerk, Eaffartoft Owner of all the Tithes, Great and Small, arising and re- IocWurqf newing within the Township and Parish of Eafington, in Holderness, in the County of York, John Wray, -nock Dund, and Thomas Hudson, Gentlemen, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, having Freehold and Copyhold Estates, and Right of Common, in the several Open and Common Fields and Grounds within the Parish of Eafington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Open and Common Fields ana Grounds contain together 1,300 Acres, or thereabouts, and the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors therein lie dispersed, and the Freehold and Copyhold Parts thereof so intermixed, that, in their present Situation, they are incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Person interested, and a Compensation made to the said Henry Goodrich in Lieu of his Tithes, it would tend to the public Good, as

well

io Geo. III. tc> Februarii. 689

well as to the mutual Advantage of the Petitioners: And A Petition of the Vestrymen and other-inhabitants of St. Jam«, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring the Parish of James, withip the Liberty of West- Westminster* in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regula- mhtfler, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the PaT I'»‘ tions and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet. Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Vestrymen and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. House, and read} Setting forth. That, by virtue Hawke and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, several Acts, passed in His present Majesty’s Reign, the fame. Powers were-granted to pertain Comjniihoners, to cauj'e

the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Open Passages A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are there? and Places within the City and Liberty of unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; to be better paved, repaired, cleansed, and lighted, and Setting forth. That the Road leading from the City of to remove Nuisances and Obstrudipns ther.efrom, and Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Towns of otherwise to improve, the fame; in the Execution of Maryport and Workington, through the Market Town which Trusts, the said Commissioners have made a con-of Wigton, and many other Towns and Villages, is at siderable Progress; and that the Petitioners apprehend,

present impafiable, and in many Places narrow and it would greatly forward the good Purposes intended by ruinous; and this Road will be a great Benefit to the the: said Acts, if the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Public, by connecting the Road leading from Newcastle open, Passages and Places, within the said Parish of St. upon Tyne, to the City of Carlisle, with the Turnpike James, were new payed, repaired, cleansed, and lighted,

Road from Whitehaven: And therefore praying. That under,a separate Commission for the Parish of St. James Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening only, confuting of Persons resident in the said Parish and repairing the said Road, and granting such Aid to And therefore praying. That Leave-may be given to enable the Petitioners to complete the same, and carry bring. in a Bill for tholePutposes, in such Manner an(jl such Bill into Execution, as to the House shall seem meet. Form as to the House. shall seem mqet, |

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex* Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa.-amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ming the Matter ^hereof; and report the fame* as it shall

shall appear to them, to the House :. appear-to them, to the Hoqfe: .1

And it is referred to Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Curwen, Sec.:, And *c 15 referred tg Mr. Sandys,. Mr. Kynaston, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to Clock, in the Speakers Chamber, arid have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. fend for persons, Papers, and Records: And all who

come,tO;the Committqe^are to have ypices'.' X

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are r

thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Houses, A.Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. St. Anne,

Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor or Town- within the Liberty o({ WeJlmitiJl'er^ whose Names Westminster,

ftiip of Culgarth, in the Parish of Kirkland, ity the are thereunto; subscribed, on. Behalf of themselves and "a7U)S‘ County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was pre-read; Setting forth, That there are, within and be- fented ,to the House, and read; Setting forth, That* longing to the said Manor or Township, several large by virtue of several Acts of Parliament passed in His and extensive Trails, or Parcels of Common and Waftp present Majesty’s Reign, Powers are. granted to certain Ground, which, in their present State, are of very little Commissioners therein named, to cause the Squares,

Service to the Persons interested therein, and that, if Streets, Lanes, and other Open Passages and Places* the same were divided into specific Allotments to the within the City and Lijberty of Westminster, to be better several Persons interested therein, a very considerable paved, repaired, cleansed, and lighted, and to remove Benefit would arise therefrom: And therefore praying, Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and otherwise That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the to improve the fame; in the Execution of which Trusts*

Purposes aforesaid, with such Regulations and Pro- the said, Commissioners have made a considerable Provisions as to the House shall seem meet. gress: and that the Petitioners apprehend, it would

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- greatly forward the good Purposes intended by the said suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Acts, if the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Open Fletcher, Mr. Curwen, and Mr. John Robinson, do pre- Passages and Places within the said Parish, were new pare, and bring in, the fame. paved, repaired, cleansed, and lighted, under a separate

Commission for the Parish of St. Anne only, confiding of A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Coun- Persons resident in the said Parish: And therefore pray- cil. Traders, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Lyme ing, That Leave may be given to bring, in a Bill for Regis, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the those Purposes, in such Manner and Form as to the House, and read; Setting forth. That many Persons, House shall seem meet.

to whom the Petitioners, in the Course of their Deal- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ings, are obliged to give Credit for small Sums, taking Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Advantageof the Difficulties which the Petitioners lie mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall under, in the Recovery of such Sums, by the present appear to them, to the House:

Forms of Law, frequently refuse, though well able, to And it is referred to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Plumtre, &c. s pay their just Debts} and that the Petitioners appre- And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the hend, that the establishing a Jurisdiction within the said Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to Borough and the Liberties thereof, for the Recovery fend foj Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who of small Sums, in a way less expensive, and more ex- come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

]>editious, would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be A Petition of George Earl of Egremont, an Infant Watchctt given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy under the Age of Twenty-one Years, by Maria Harbin*.

Recovery of small Debts, within the said Borough and Countess of Egremont, and Percy O Bryan,

Liberties thereof, in such Manner as to the House shall Earl of in the Kingdom of Ireland, his Guar-

seem meet. dians, appointed by the Will of Charles late Earl of

Ordered, That Leave.be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Egremont, his Father, deceased, was presented to the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was made Thomas Walpole and Sir John Turner do prepare, and in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty bring in, the fame, ' Queen Anne, for repairing the Harbour and Quay of

Vol. 32,

69° \o° Februarii. . 177c).

Watchett, in the County of Scmer/et, for which Purpose the several Rates and Dues therein mentioned were imposed; and that Sir William Wyndham, Baronet, the Petitioner’s Grandfather, and the several other Persons therein named, were thereby appointed Trufrees, for the ordering the building and making the said Harbour, and other Works in and about the fame, and the maintaining thereof from Time to Time, and the Collection and Disposition of the said Duties, of whom the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being was always to be a Trustee; and that, by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, for prolonging the Term for Payment of the aforementioned Duties, all Goods shipped or discharged at a Place called ‘Ihe Blue Anchor, or Cleave Stepps, or other Places adjoining to the said Harbour and Quay of Watchett, should be chargeable with the Duties as if the same had been shipped and discharged within the said Harbour or Quay of Watchett; and that, by an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for continuing the Duties granted by several Acts made in the Sixth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign, for Repairing the said Harbour and Quay of Watchett, the several Rates and Duties, by the said Act of the Sixth Year of her said late Majesty’s Reign, made payable for the Term of zi Years, should, from and after the Expiration thereof, be charged upon the several Goods and Merchandizes, and also the Tonnage and Keelage of Ships and Vessels in the said Act mentioned, for the further Term of n Years, and that it hath' been lately discovered, that the Term limited by the last mentioned Act, for collecting such of the said Rates and Dut ies, the Grant whereof was temporary only, did expire on the 25th of March 1750; but, through Ignorance of such Expiration, the whole of the said Rates and Duties hath been continued to be collected and applied as before; and that the said Harbour and Quay have, ever since the said First mentioned Act, been repaired and supported by the Petitioner and his Ancestors, the Lords of the said Manor; and it hath been found by Experience, that such of the said Rates and Duties, the Grant whereof was made perpetual to the Lords of - the said Manor so long as they should repair the said Harbour, have not proved, nor are likely to be sufficient to defray the current Expences of the Repairs and other incident Charges; and that, besides the ordinary Reparations now wanting, some further new Works will likewise be requisite, for better securing the Pier from the Violence of the Sea; nor can any effectual Provision be made to guard against and remedy unforeseen Accidents, without a constant Stock and Supply for that Purpose; and as the Reasons mentioned in the said First Act still continue in their original Force, and as the Preservation of the said Harbour will be of great Utility to the Navigation and Commerce of this Kingdom, and to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Counties adjacent: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing such of the said Rates and Duties as were granted by the said former Acts during a limited Time, for such further Term as to the House shall seem fitting, and also for the Indemnity of the Persons employed in and about collecting the same Rates and Duties since the Expiration of the Term already granted therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Edward Bayntuu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Batiemhwaite A Petition of the several Persons whose Names aire Jacioiure. thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others,

l7

interested in the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Ba/fenthwaite, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read {

Setting forth, That, if the said Common and Waste Grounds were divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed, the same would be a very considerable Improvement of each Person’s Estate and interest therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Rules and Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Robin/on and Mr. Medley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Harwood, Esquire, was pre- Harwood's fented to the House, and read; Setting forrii, That Name. William Backwell, Esquire, deceased, by his Will dated the 10th Day of June 1769, after several Legacies there- 1 in mentioned, gave and devised all the Residue of his Estates to the Petitioner, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for ever; and by his said Will did order and direct, that the Petitioner should take and use the Surname of Backwell only, and should bear the Backwell Arms; and that the Petitioner, in Compliance with the said Will, is desirous to take upon himself the Surname of Backwell, and to bear the Arms of Backwell by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him, and his Issue, to take upon him and them the Name, and to bear the Arms of Backwell.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

John Robin/ott and Mr. Buirell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Blackheath, thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for execut- , &c* ing an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Ma- SmaliD*bts* jesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of,

and Beckenham, of Rokesley, otherwise and Little and LeJ/hefs, in the County of Kent, and of the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surrey, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act has been of great Advantage to the said Places; but the Petitioners apprehend, that some Amendments may be made thereto, which will make it still more beneficial: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, in such Manner as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

John Robin/on and Mr. Burrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Burgherjh presented to the House, accord- Lyme ing to Order, a Bill to continue, and render more ef- Road*, feftual, an Act of the Thifty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Thomas Heron, Esquire, Lord of the \vefthorra;b Manor of We/lborough, in the County of and of Inclosure.

several of the Land Owners and Proprietors, interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of We/lborough and Doddiugton, in the Manor and Parish of Westbo-rough aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting

J5*"

io Geo. III. 10° Februarii. 91

Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, within the said 7own-ships, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement} and that if the fame, together with the Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and Lands allotted in Lieu of Tithes, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayerof the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Hewett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

BirihJl A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are to thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners or Persons in-^Brook^ tere^ec^ 'n the Neighbourhood of BirJlall and Navigation. *n the County of York, in Behalf of themselves and many others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a Brook which runs from BirJlall to Dewsbury aforesaid, and is in Length about Four Miles, and very capable of being made navigable s and that the Petitioners apprehend, the making the said Brook navigable will be of great Advantage to Trade and Commerce: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall . appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Great Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whorp

Kington, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Warwick and Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Roads and Places therein after mentioned; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Principal Inhabitants of Stratford, upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in and near WellJbourn, in the said County, and also of several of the acting Trustees of the Turnpike Road leading from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the said County, and of several of the Mortgagees of the Tolls arising upon such Part of the said Turnpike Road as lies between Stratford and Edgehill aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto lub-scribed, in Behalf of themselves and others; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was reads and is as felloweth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition; Mr. Thomas G being examined, said. That all the Roads leading to Great Kington, in the County of Warwick, are very bad, and particularly the Road from the North End of a Street in Great -ton aforesaid, called Bridge Street, next the Church Yard, to Upton, in the Parish of Radway; and alfe the Road from the North End of Bridge Street aforesaid, to the Guide Post, at the Town or Village of tugs, in the said County of Warwick, by the Side of the Turnpike Road, leading from the Town of Warwick, to the City of Bath; are so deep and founderous as to be dangerous for Passengers, and lo narrow1 in many Places, that Two Carriages cannot pass each other.

That if the said Roads were properly repaired and widened, it would be very advantageous to the Inttabi-Vql. 32.

tants of that Part of the County, but the same cannot be effected by the Laws in being.

To prove the Allegations of Second Petition; William Hunt, Esquire, being examined, said. That he knows the Road from the Pound in WelleJbourne Mount-fort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick: That the same is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious: That it would be a great Convenience, as well as Advantage to the Country, if it was repaired and widened, but the same cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Upton, in the Parish of Rally, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington; and from thence to The Guide Post, at the Town of Wellejbourne Hajlings, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. Skipwith and Mr.

Harley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to WelWboumt repair and widen the Road, from the Pound in Wellef Mo"n0ort> bourne Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County Road, of Warwick: And that Mr. Skipwith and Mr. Page do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Earl of Sandwich, Elizabeth - $* N*ot>*

Holds, Thomas Lloyd, Mary Lightenhouse, Stephen Scar- Indo ure* brow, John Bailey, Stephen Gorham, James Moody, and several other Persons, interested in the Open Fields,

Open Meadows, Common Pasture, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the several Proprietors in the said Open Fields and Meadows lie intermixed and dispersed, and ate incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the said Fields and Meadows, Common Pasture, and Waste Grounds, in the said Parish, were divided and inclosed into Allotments, to be in Proportion to each Person’s Interest therein, and a proper Compensation made for the Tithe, the same would be to the Advantage of all the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ongley, Mr. Seymour, and Mr. Jones, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whofn Birmingham the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execu- though tion an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign. of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Mr. Charles Stewart, Treasurer to the Trustees, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 1,200 on the Credit thereof, which, together with upwards of 3 f Years Interest for the feme. Hill remains due: That the said Road is now in bad Repair, and cannot be effectually completed, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unlets the Tolls are increased, and the Term and Powers of the said Act further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of

8 O Warwick,

Butterto*

Moor,

SCCm

Roads.

Aulcefier

Inclosure.

Stoke Roads.

io° Februarii. A. 1770.

Warwick, through Elm don, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County: And that Mr. Skipwith and Mr. Methuen do prepare, and bring in, the

lame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Counties of Stafford and Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from the South West Corner of Butterton Moor, near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, over Moor, and through the Town of Languor, to the Three Mile StOnc upon the Road from Buxton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby; and also the Road from Blackfion Moor, through Warfiow, and near Archford Bridge, in the County of Stafford, through Hartington, to the Road from Buxton to Ashborne, near in the County of Derby, are in a very ruinous Condition, and narrow in' many Places, and dangerous to Passengers: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Grevile, Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend John Garland, Junior, Clerk, Rest or of the Parish Church of in

the County of Warwick, John Kettle, Samuel Thomas Clarfon, Thomas Ckefion, Thomas Heming, and other Proprietors of Ancient Messuages and Cottages, and also cf divers Farms, Lands, Meadows, and Common Right, in the Common and Open Fields and Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Aulcefier aforesaid, in the said County of Warwick, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds, of the several Proprietors in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed f and that there is also a large Trail of Common, or Waste Land, or Commonable Ground, within the said Manor, called Aulcefier Heath, containing, by Estimation, 300 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present State, yields very little, if any, Profit to the Proprietors; and that the same cannot, in their present Situation, be improved; and that, if they were inclosed and divided, and specifk Parts or Shares thereof allotted to each of the several Proprietors or Persons interested, in Proportion to their respective Interest therein, and all Right of Common therein extinguished, it would be of Public' Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclose ing the said Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Paf-tuies, and Commbn or Waste Lands, and Commonable Lands, Meadows, or Grounds, in such Manner as to the house shall fieem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-(uant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Gnvi/jand Mr. Methuen do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, who live neat the Highways and Roads leading from the Sign of The.Ball, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk, to and through the tevenU Parishes and Hamlet9 herein aftermenrioned, in the said County, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and1 read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from the Sign of 'The- Belt,.‘in, Stoke aforesaid, to the North West

t-i.

End of Stoke Bridge, and from the North East End of the (hid Bridge, over Whittington Causey, to the Sign of The Bell at Whittington, and from thence, through Patt of Northwold Field, by Threwhill and Methwold , to the Warren House, in the Road from London to King's Lynn, and from Thomas Barker's House, in Stoke, to a Plain against the Frith Closes and Dades Close, in Stoke aforesaid, and from the said Plain, through Frith , and Part of Bough ton, over Eafimore Water, and the Common through Eafimore Gate, in the Road to the Entrance of Barton Field, and from the said Plain, over Alton Dam, through Part of Oxburgh, to the Entrance of the Lane or Road leading to Swaffham, opposite Sir Rickard Bedingfield's Gate, and from thence to the Direction Post near Gooderftone Common, and One Mile further, in the direct Road leading to Cockley Cley, in the said County, and from Whittington Bell, through other Part of Northzvold Field, by the Mile Stones, to the

Corner of the Plantation of Henry Partridge, Eftjuire, and by the Direction Post, upon Part of Northwold Common, and through the Field through Part of the Parish of Cranwiek, unto the Falgate, turning up the Great

Road to Thetford, in the said County, are at present in many Places out of Repair, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and frequently unsafe; and that, if the said Roads were repaired and widened, and kept in good Repair, it would be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Walpole, Sir John Turner, Sec.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to £nd for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Rous presented to the House, according to Brudou

Order, a Bill for repairing the Road, from the Bridge Bridge,

on the old River at Barton to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Rrfobed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Sutton, 4c. Execution an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of Road>. his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross; and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over1 Howell Hill, to Ewell; and also the Road from worth, by tho Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble , in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for amending the Roads, from the Stones End, in Southwark, to Highgate, at the Entrance of Ashdezon Forefi, in the Parish of East Grinfield, in the County of Sussex, and other Roads therein mentioned 1 and for enlarging the Terms granted by Two- former Acts, of the Fourth and Sixth Years of His Majesty’s Reign; which Act has been further continued, by an Act made in the Tenth Yeas -of his late Majesty King George the Second; and that, about Thirty Years ago, the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution the said Act of the Tenth Year of his said late Majesty, laid out a considerable Sum of Money in repairing the Road, from the Beginning of Peteridge Lane, to the further End of Boner's; but no Road having been made from Woodhatch to Sidlow Mill, and through Horsent/ls Lane, by the said Act tlirested to be repaired, the Petitioners obtained the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Sutton, by Sidlow Mill, to

Povey

Godfloae

to

Goildfevd

RoauL

Southwark

Paring

to Geo. III. 10° Februarii. 693

Povey Cross; and the Petitioners not then knowing that His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes any Part thereof was included in the said Act of the within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Tenth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, the Petition- Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansers find themselves unable, during the fubfilling Term ing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also the granted by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining the re-his said late Majesty’s Reign, to repair the Roads un- to, and for preventing Annoyances therein, was present* der their Care, and to repay the Money borrowed upon ed to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Peti-the Credit of the said Act; and that the same cannot tioners have made a considerable Prog refs in executing be done without enlarging the Term granted by the the said Act, but have not yet been able, on Account of said Act; and that the Road from Povey Cross to the the Insufficiency of their Funds, to finish the Pavements Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Suffix, and also of such of the principal Streets as are by the said Act the Road leading from Woodhatch to Peter age Lane, are directed to be first done; and the Petitioners think it in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the very probable, when Black Friars Bridge, and the Roads ordinary Course of Law; and that the repairing the same leading thereto, are completed, the Tolls granted to the will be of great Public Utility; and that the Petitioners Petitioners (already inadequate to the Purposes for which have already repaired the Road from Woodhatch through they were made) will be greatly diminished, and the Pe-UorfehiUs Lane; and that if the Power of keeping the titioners be thereby incapacitated to pay the Interest of same in Repair, and of repairing the Road leading the Money they were authorized to raise, to complete from the Beginning of Peterage Lane, to the further the Works committed to their Care; and that the Pc-End of Boner's Lane, were vested in them, it would be titioners apprehend, if they were impowered to collecta advantageous to the Public; and the Trustees under the small Daily Toll on Coaches, Chaiies, and other Car-Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George riages, not used in Trade, and on Saddle Horses, and the First, being desirous to give up the said Roads to the said Act was in some other Respects amended and the Care of the Petitioners, and having agreed, in Con- explained, they should be thereby enabled effectually to sequence of their undertaking such Repairs, to allow put the same in Execution: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners the yearly Sum of £. 300 in Lieu of the Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and Share of the Tolls applicable to the said Roads, after amend the said Act, and to render the same more effec-Payment of the Sum of £. 9,000 authorized to be bor- tual for the Purposes thereby intended, in such Manner rowed, by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of as the House shall think proper.

King George the Second: And therefore praying. That Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall leem meet. appear to them, to the House:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Fitzker-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- bert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power ihaQ appear to them, to the House: to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who

And it is referred to Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gilbert, See.: come to the Committee are to have Voices.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to A Petition of William Fenton, Esquire, was presented Lougboc fond for Persons, Papers, and Records. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti- Can«l.

tioner is seised of several Veins of Stone, Coal, and A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Culm, situate within the Parishes of Llaneiy and holders, and others. Inhabitants of the County of debye, in the County of , where great Quan~

Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting tides of Coal and Culm might be wrought, as well for forth. That an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His Foreign as Home Consumption; and that the River present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and Loughor is only navigable for Vessels of Burthen, to a keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turn- Place called Pencoid, in the said County, which lies at pike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to a great Distance from the said Veins of Coal and Culm; the Turnpike Road from Croydon to Godstone, in the and the Carriage of Coal and Culm from the Place where County of Surrey; and that the Road (which ends at it israised is at present expensive, tedious, and uncertain;

Godstone) having been lately finished, is found to be of and that a Navigable Cut or Canal is capable of being great Public Utility, awl that the High Road lead- made, from the said River Loughor, at a Place called Pen-ing from Godstone, through Blechivgly, Reigate, Dork- coid Lead House, to a Place at, or near, Pantyfunnon Mill, ing, and Shere, to Guildford, in the said County of for Boats and other Vessels, by means whereof, Coal Surrey, is, in many Parts thereof, very founderous and Culm will be easier and cheaper conveyed from the and deep, and, in other Parts, very narrow, incommo- laid Works; and the Petitioner is willing and desirous dious, and dangerous, and cannot be amended, widened, to make and maintain such Navigable Cut or Canal at and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being; and that, if his own Expence: And therefore praying. That Leave the same was properly repaired, widened, and amended, may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to make it would be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, such Cut or Canal as aforesaid, and such Works as That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for re- may be necessary for the convenient Navigation thereof, pairing, widening, and keeping in good Repair, the under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the said High Road, from Godstone to Guildford, under such House shall seem meet.

Regulations as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

shall appear to them, to the Houfo: And it is referred to Mr. Rice, Lord See.:

r And it is referred to Mr. Cocks, Sir Joseph Mawbey, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ormfide A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, andothes, Inclosure: cut ion an Act of Parliament made in the Sixth Year of interested in the Common and Waste Grounds within the Vol. 3a. Manor

Essex

County Gaol,

Denton

Inclosure.

Corsham

Manor.

694 10° Februarii. A. 1770.

Manor or Parish of Ormfide, in the County of Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, if the said Common and Waste Grounds were divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed, the same would be a considerable Improvement of each Person’s Estate and Interest there: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.. Fletcher and Mr. John Robinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of the County of EJJ'ex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common Gaol belonging to the said County, at Chelmsford, is an ancient Building, and greatly gone to Decay; and that, at the lad Genera) Quarter Sessions there, it was the Opinion of that Court, that the Field, called Brick Field, in Chelmsford, was a proper Place for erecting a new Gaol, for the Use of the said County; and that, in pursuance thereof, it hath been agreed to purchase a Part of the said Brick Field for the Purpose aforesaid, un-lefsa Place can be met with still more convenient for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for purchasing such Ground, as may be necessary, and for rebuilding the said Gaol, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir W Maynard, Mr. Luther, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Spencer Earl of Northampton, and the Right honourable George Earl of Halifax, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within the Parish of Denton, otherwise Divington Parva, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the said Parish are several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, which, in their present Situation, cannot be cultivated, or used to so much Advantage as they might be, if inclosed and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Rules and Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Dolben and Sir George Bridges Rodney do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Paul Methuen, Esquire, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That His Majesty’s Predecessors, Kings and Queens of England, from the Time of King Edward the First, have been seised of the Manor of Corsham, in Wilts, with all 'manerial Rights and Privileges thereunto belonging, and have from Time to Time made Grants and Leases thereof; and that his late Majesty King George the Second, by Letters Patent, und?r the Seal of 21

the Court of Exchequer, dated the 2 ad Day of June, in the Fifth Year of his Reign, in Consideration of a Fine of £. 18, demised to George Ducket, Esquire; for Twenty-five Years and an Half, mom the 18th of June 1734, the said Manor of Corsham, with all its Rights and Appurtenances, and all Fines and Profits of the Manor, excepting all Lands demised or demifeable by his Majesty for Years or Lives, and the Rents reserved for the fame, and all'o all great Trees, and Timber Trees, and all Woods, Mines, and Quarries, under the several Rents of £.73. 6x. id. 17 t> S^d.and £.4, making together,’ £. 78. 4 s.4 id.and the said George Ducket was to keep up the Buildings and Fences within the Manor, but was allowed to take from the Premilfes sufficient House Bote, Hedge Bote, or other Botes to be used upon the Pre-milfes; and that his said late Majesty, on the 9th Day of August, in the 22d Year of his Reign, in Consideration of a Fine of £. 16, demised to Thomas Ducket, Son of George Ducket, all the Premilfes comprized in the said Letters Patent, for a further Term of Twenty-five Years, from the 29th of December 1759, under the like reserved

Rents and Covenants; and that Thomas Ducket assigned over his Right and Interest in the said Demise to Daniel Bull, Esquire, and Daniel Bull assigned his Right and Interest to the Earl of Warwick, in Trust for the Petitioner; and that the Customary and Copyhold Tenants of the Manor of Corsham enjoy many special Privileges, toger ther with the Pasturage of divers Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, and the Rents and Profits of the Manor have always been collected by a Bailiff chosen by the Tenants of the Manor, by whose Account it will appear, that, for Ten Years past, the Profits of the Manor and Courts have not amounted, upon an Average, to more than about 40J. a Year, over and above the Rents, amounting to 78. payable for the same to the Crown; and that there are not now any Lands within the said Manor demised or demise-' able by the Crdwn, save what are contained in the Demises herein before set forth; and that, by the Neglect of former Lessees of the Crown, the Tenants of the Manor have cut down and destroyed the Timber and1 other Trees growing upon the Commons and Waste Ground of the Manor, and applied them to theft own. Uses, so that there is not now more than sufficient left for the Botes granted to the Lessee of the Crown, and the Commons are not maintained and kept up in proper Order and Condition; and that the Petitioner hath for some Time past been engiged in a Suit with the Tenants of the Manor, at a very considerable Expence, in Defence of the Rights of the Crown to the Soil of the said Commons and Wastes, and to the Trees dill remaining thereon, and hath obtained a Verdictt in Establishment of these Rights; and the Petitioner would now proceed to clear and improve the Commons and Waste Grounds, and to replant proper Parts thereof, and guard the same from Cattle; but the Expence of such Improvements, with the Charges the Petitioner hath already been put to, will amount to more than can be expected from any Lessee for a Term of Years, and no Lease of the Premisses can be granted, sufficient to encourage such Improvements, for Want of which the Commons must remain of little Value to the Lord and the Tenants of the Manor, and the Public will be deprived of the Benefit which may result from such an Increase of Timber as is proposed to be raised by the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant 'the Inheritance in Fee Simple of all the said Premisses so the Petitioner and his Heirs for ever, without the Exceptions in the said Demises, under such Rent, or for such valuable Con* fidcrations, as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition

t

io Geo. III. 10° Februarii. 695

Dalby’s A Petition of Francis of Merchant,

Pefor°n be>ng offered to be presented to the House;

Compensation. The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That in January 1743, the Petitioner’s Ship, Britannia, Burthen Two hundred Tons, or thereabouts, failed from the Isle of Wight, bound on a Voyage to Genoa, or Naples, with a Cargo of Wheat on Freight, and from thence to Gallipoli, and back to London, and, in the Course of her Outward Voyage, put into Port Mahon, where (he was flopped by Admiral Matthews, then Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Mediterranean, by whose Order the Cargo was taken out of her for the Use of the Fleet, and her whole destined Voyage thereby totally defeated; that the Petitioner was prevented, by the Agents of Government, from ever regaining Possession of her, and ascertaining the Money due to him in respect thereof, either by the Arbitrament of Merchants of Reputation, or a Jury, when the legal Remedy subsisted; and never received any Satisfaction for the same or the Damages thereby occasioned and sustained; but the Officers of Government, or One of them, changed her Name, and afterwards flie was actually employed as a Tender in his Majesty’s Service, Thirty-two Months, and upwards; and that Government, in the former War, had Two different Methods of hiring Ships; viz. One for Transports, to be used at their Will and Pleasure, so long as the Service required, which were generally paid about Fifteen or Sixteen Shillings a Ton per Month, taken into immediate Pay, and so continued about Two Months after a Convoy failed with them to their destined Ports, from the Place where they were di (charged Abroad; and if taken, or destroyed, by the Enemy, then to be paid for by Government; the other, under certain Rest rict ions, for particular Voyages, upon cheaper Terms; in which Cafes, the Owners of Ships bound to foreign Parts, in Order to bring Cargoes to Europe, where the Homeward Freight was the chief Object, usually contracted to carry Stores to Places near their Outward Course, at much lower Rates of Freight and Demurrage than they could otherwise have done; and that the Petitioner’s Ship, Francis, Burthen Two hundred Tons, or thereabouts, being, in 1743, bound to Madeira a.n<l South Carolina, to take in, and carry from thence, in 1744, a Cargo of Rice to Lifbupon the Petitioner’s Account, was, about the First of December 1743, hired by the Commissioners for Victualling, under a Charter Party, for one particular described Voyage to be performed with Convoy, Wind and Weather permitting, from Spithead to Gibraltar, or Port Mahon, the Petitioner was bound in a large Penalty for the true Performance thereof; under which Government would have recovered the Value of the Provisions, if they had been loft by the Petitioner’s breaking the fame; and on the other Hand, the Justice of the Crown was the Petitioner’s Security, for Payment and Performance on his Majesty’s Part, in same of breaking the Charter Party; and that the said Ship, although hired for such Voyage only (the Sailing Part whereof, to Port Mahon, was performed in less than Six Weeks) was, by an Order from Sir Charles Hardy, dated at Saint Helens, the 31st of March 1744, and therein mentioned to be given by Directions from the Admiralty, carried to and there detained

Three Calendar Months and Twenty-seven Days, and from thence on a Cruize Twelve Days, off Cape Saint Vincent's,; therefore did not arrive at Gibraltar till the 30th of September 1744, where (he was detained till the 18th of October following, when (he was taken back to Sea; and, off Cadiz Bay, Part of her Cargo was delivered to his Majesty’s Fleet, and afterwards taken to Port Mahon with the Remainder j and, in every respect, used, without the Petitioner’s Consent, as a Ship hired Vol. 32,

for a Monthly Transport, and not discharged by Government till Twelve Months (wanting a few Days) from the Time of her Hiring, nor did any Convoy fail with her from Mahon, until above Fourteen Months after such Hiring, whereby the Petitioner loft the Benefit of his Voyage to Carolina, in 1744, and the Ship was taken by the Enemy, on her Voyage from Port Mahon thither, in 1745; notwithstanding all which, the Petitioner has not been able to obtain Payment, either upon the Terms and Conditions of other Ships hired by Government, to be used at their Will and Pleasure, or for the special Damages occasioned and sustained by the several Breaches of the Charter Party, but received from the Commissioners for ViClualing, £.637. ns, id. and no more, in Part of the Money due to him, on Account of, this Ship; and that about the 15th of March 1755, the Petitioner’s Ship Ann, Burthen One hundred and Eighty-six Tons, or thereabouts, departed from Saint Kitts, with a valuable Cargo, and arrived in the British Channel, on the 27th of April following, when (he was brought-to by one of his Majesty’s Tenders, and Three of the Petitioner’s bed Seamen were imprest, and Three Persons wholly unacquainted with the Navigation of a Ship placed in their Stead; and about Seven of the Clock in the Evening of the next Day, the said Ship was again brought-to, between Pepperil Point and The Needles, by another of his Majesty’s Tenders, the Commander whereof, notwithstanding the distressed Condi- ' tion (he was then in for Want of Hands to navigate her, detained her in that dangerous Situation till near Midnight, and then impressed One of the best Seamen left on Board; by Means of which said Detention, and Impressing the Hands, the said Ship was, in a few Hours afterwards, beat to Pieces, at the Back of the Isle of Wight, and only a very small Part of her Cargo and Materials were saved; for which Damage, the Petitioner has not received from Government any Redress whatsoever; and that the Petitioner applied to this House the last Session of Parliament by Petition, and some Proceedings were had thereupon; but the Petitioner has not received any Relief in the Premises; and that the Petitioner, in Consequence of the above Fasts, having been greatly injured in his private Fortune, and his Family now reduced to theut-most Distress, arising from many unwarrantable and unjustifiable Delays, implores the Interposition of the House: And prays, That they will take the Premises> into their ferions Consideration, and grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Mauger, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Supply B*dl; Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of Land Tax* the Year 1770, was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. ’

Resolved, This House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a; Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Ditto. Mary the Great, within the Town of in the County of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That in the Sixth Year of King George the First, an. Act passed, to enable any Corporation within the University of Cambridge, or any other Persons, to fell 8 P and

696 ioD — 130

and convey any Messuages or Grounds to the said University for enlarging their public Library, and for other Purposes} and that, by virtue of the said Act, the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, have from Time to Time purchased within the said Parish, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, divers Houses, the Annual Rents of which amounted unto 296, or thereabouts; and that the said Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, have pulled down, for the Purposes in the said Act, Part of the above purchased Premises, the Annual Rents of which, as near as can be ascertained, amounted unto £.211, which, at Three Shillings in the Pound, the Land Tax thereof would amount unto 31. 13*. Annually, exclusive of the personal Estates for which the Inhabitants residing within the said Houses were taxed; and that several other Buildings within the said Parish have been pulled down, for the erecting of a Shire or County Hall, wherein the Assizes for the County aforesaid areconstantly held; and that the Parish of the Great aforesaid is obliged to raise, towards the Land Tax charged upon the said Town, the Sum of £. 309. 9*. per Annum; and that the improved Annual Rents of

the remaining Estates within the said Parish, amount only unto the Sum oi£. 1,65 2,which, at Three Shillings in the Pound, will raise only £.247.; and that, by pull-

ing down the said Houses for the Purposes aforesaid, the Inhabitants of the said Parish, the Rents, and the Trade thereof, have been greatly diminished, and the remaining Inhabitants are obliged to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax assessed upon the said Parish, out of their personal Estates, being 13. per An-

num, which, until within -Two or Three Years, was raised by a Re-assessment on the real, and an Assessment on the personal Estates within the said Parish, and that, by the Diminution of the Inhabitants, Rents, and Trade of the said Parish, the remaining Inhabitants have loft the Assistance thereof, towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, which are very numerous and heavy, and which by the above heavy Losses and other additional Charges, they will be rendered wholly unable to support, unless timely relieved by the House i and that the Building erected by the University and County aforesaid, being for public Use, the Inhabitants are advised they can have no Relief in the Premises without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision pi the said Bill, for the Relief of the Petitioners.

Marine Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the

Forces. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. /

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.;

Durham A Petition of Robert James Adam, and James

Yard Paine, Architects, Dorothy Monk, Widow, the Reverend Emb uikmeni. Richard Keljha, and William Kitchener, Coal Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the hollow Curve of the Shore of the River Thames, at Durham Yard, Salisbury Street, Cecil Street, and fort Buildings, in the Liberty.of the City of Wet 22

Februarii. A. 1770.

occasions a Collection of Mud and Filth, in that Part of the River, which greatly annoys, and in the Summer Time often endangers the Healths of the Neighbouring Inhabitants; and that the Force of the Tides bearing upon the Shore in that Curve contributes greatly to increase the large Sand Bank formed upon the opposite Shore, much to the Detriment of the Navigation; and that the Petitioners, who are possessed of the principal Property in Ground and Houses next the Shore in Question, conceive great Part of the Inconvenience complained of might be removed, by embanking Part of the River in the Front of the said Shore, which, by confining the Stream to a narrower Channel, would add to the Force and Velocity: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Embankment, in such Manner and Form, under such Restrictions, and upon such Terms, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Mr.

herbert,&c.; And they are to 'meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And ail who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 12° die Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii III*1 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

cyOHN Julius Angerjlein, took the Oaths appointed,

J in order to his Naturalization.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Army; for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better ^lutll*y Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any fermion Amendment: And also, "

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lord to enable the Right honourable George Sackvi/Je, com- Sackvillt’s monly called Lord George Sackville, and his Issue Male, Name* to take and use the Surname of Germain, pursuant the Will of the Right honourable the Lady Elizabeth Germain, deceased; without any Amendment.

- And then the Messengers withdrew* *

i 1 ’ ’

Mr. IVhichcot presented to the House, according to Holland Fen Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual*, Inclosure. an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called the HauteHuntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.: And the same Was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Simpson Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common IncMure. Fields, Common Meadows, Common Cow Pasture,

Lammas Grounds, and Waste Ground', in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr,

Plymouth Dock I own Theatre,

Narenby

Inclosure.

Great

Kington,

Jtc.

Roads.

Derby Hills Inclosure.

A Member takes Oaths.

Leeds

to

Wakefield

Road.

Nar River Navigation.

Norwich

to

Watton

Road.

Lewes

to

Brighton

Road.

10 Geo. III. i a0 Februar 697

Mr. Walter reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse, in the Town or Place commonly called or known by the Name of Dock Town, in the Parish of Stoke in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Scrope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in

the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skipwithpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Upton, in the Parish of Ratley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of bounte Hajlings, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendi/hpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or Waste Ground called Derby Hills, in the County of Derby, Parcel of the Manor of Castle Donington, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby: And the same was received.

And a Member returned upon a New Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The laid Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Mr. Whichcot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,'at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, to Wcfacre, in the County of Norfolk-, and for making the said Act more effectual, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. De Grey, Mr. Harbord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. De Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Road, from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Watton, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Colonel Hay presented to the House* according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Voi. 32.

Lewes to Brighlhelmflon, in' the County of Sussex t And the same was received; and read the First Tin e.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Nicholas Jacquin, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Harbord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Road from St. BenediEl's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to, the Bounds of Yaxham, and also a Lane, called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hotham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing she Open Commons within the Manor or Lordship of in

the Parish of Longmarton, in the County of land: And the same wras received; and read the First Time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Parsons, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, *

An Account of what Money has been paid for Bounties, on the Exportation of British and Irish Linens, from 24 June 1756, the Commencement of the present Bounty, to 5 January 1770; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of London, trading to North America;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Severtnight, the 21st Day of this lnstant February.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon ThursJay last, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday next, the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Owen, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard,' at the Bar of this House, upon Tuefddy Seven-night, the 20th Day of this lnstant February, at Twelve of the Clock. ' ,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House' to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a' Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the1 Service of the Year 1770, be now read. "

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1768, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1770.

Then the House resolved itself into, the said Committee.

Mr,

JacquliVs

Nat.

Norwich

to

Swaffham,

See.

Roads.

Brampton

Inclosure*

Account presented; Linen*.

American

Colonies.

Pembroke

Election.

Supply Bill} Land Tax.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

State of the Nation.

Fxivilege.

698 12* — 13°

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

e other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, tj§ consider farther of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Vincent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Sir Francis Vincent also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 130 die Februarii;

Anno io* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1770. Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Satisfaction has been given to George Hobart, Esquire, a Member of this House, in relation to the Complaint made to the House upon Monday the 5th Day of this Instant February, Rating, " That Thomas Giordani, a menial Servant " of George Hobart, Esquire, a Member of this House, " had been, on Friday $he Second Day of February, ar- rested by James and Henry Ferguson, Bailiffs, and was 4t then detained at the Ho»fe of the said James and Henry " Ferguson, in their Custody, in Stanhope Street, Clare " Market, in Breach of the Privilege of this House Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Februarii. A. 1770.

Ordered, That the Instruction, which, upon Tuesday last, was given to the said Committee, for hearing the Matter of the said Complaint Tomorrow, be discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney, the Lord Henley, and Expulsion Mr. Marsham, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to regulate the Consequences of the Expulsion of Members of this House.

Mr. Sandysreported from the Committee, to whom St. Martin

the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Vestrymen, *n the Fields and Overseers of the Poor, of the Parish of or """k

tin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr.

. . Burroughs, Vestry Clerk of the said Parish, being examined, laid, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained in a Workhouse, which is very ruinous, and in Danger of falling.

Mr. Robert Palmer, a Surveyor, said, That the present Workhouse is in a very decayed Condition, and the Floors out of a Level; and that it is necessary the same should be taken down, and a new Workhouse rebuilt.

And he produced to your Committee a Plan of the present Work, house, and also of the new intended Workhouse.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Workhouse, in the Parish of Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Mr. feph Martin, and the Lord Percy, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

An ingrafted Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Plymouth Playhouse, in the Town or Place, commonly called or Dock Town known by the Name of Deck T, in the Parish of Theatre* Stoke Damarell, in the County of Devon,' was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse, in the Town or Place commonly called or known by the Name of Dock Town, in the Parish of Stoke Dama-rell, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. W alter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for better regulating the Navigation of the Trent Rive River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, . to to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Navigado*! Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. loughby, Mr. Turner, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Corrtuu* a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Pe- llanor. tition of Paul Methuen, Esquire.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Kynaston accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a

Bill

io Geo. III. . 13° — 140 Februarii.

699

Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the Manor of in the County of Wilts, with its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances,

now held under a Demise by Letters Patent under the Seal of H is Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Trust for Paul Methuen, Esquire, unto the said Paul Methuen and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for (he fame.

And Mr. Kynaston moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the Manor of Cosham, in the County of Wilts, with its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, now held tinder a Demise, by Letters Patent under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Trust for Paul Methuen, Esquire, unto the said Paul Methuen

and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same: And that Mr. , Mr.

Northey, and the Lord Greville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Anrerftem* A Bill for Naturalizing John Julius , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Militia Pay and Ckathing.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1770.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Whit-worth; Mr. Kynaston, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tunflall, Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to *c- whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-Aoads. holders, of the Counties of Stafford and , whole Names are subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place i- and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. John Sparrow, being examined, said. That he knows the Roads from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, to Bojley, in the County of CJiffter, and also the Road from Great Chell to Sheltonin the said County of Stafford; that the same are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, incommodious, and in some Places impafiable for Carriages; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the present Turnpike Road in Tunstall, in the county of ,

through Great Chell and by Biddulph Mill, and

through Overton and over Linford

to the Turnpike Road from Leek to in

Bojley, in the County of Chester, and also the Road leading from Great Chell aforesaid, by Bank Top and Sneyd Green, and through Hanley , to the Turnpike Road in Shelton, in the said County of Stafford: And that Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Gilbert, and Sir William Bagot, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

fj(W A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-Chappel, pair, the Road from New in the County of Sur-

rey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Ro*d" Lindfield, to the Town of Ditckling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bofihills, in the said County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 32.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Medley, Lord Garlies, See.: And they are tip meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1770, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants, and Land Owners, of and contiguous to the Villages of Umpsfield, Titfey, and Walsingham, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. William Lawson and Mr. John Buckle, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road, at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Wef-terham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the said County of Surrey, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road, at Cockham Hill, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Umpsfield, to the Village of Titfey, over Bothy

Hillr Worm/heath, and Walsingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone: And that Sir Francis Vincent and Sir Robert Clayton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Burrell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable William Harwood, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Backwell, pursuant to the Will of William Backwell, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Tijne.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then tte House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 die Februarii j

Anno io* Georgii III'" Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. jljl Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying all Persons, with rc^pect to advising or catrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council, made for preventing the spreading of a

8 Q contagious

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

Eaton Bridg* thro* Limps field Road.

Harwood li Name.

Horned

Cattle;

Iuderpniry

Bill.

700

140 Felruarii.

A. 1770,

contagious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual, and for preventing Suits in Consequence thereof; and to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the fame, for a further Time; without any Amendment: And all'o.

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Malt, &c. for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Pferry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy; without any Amendment: And also,

Schneider’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ‘Sat* for Naturalizing John Schneider; without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Brandon A Bill for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the old River at Barton, to Brandon , in the County of

Bauon Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Road. Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rous, Mr. Walpole, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brandon Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to whom 10 the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and St Edmunds Traders, of Brandon, in the County of Suffolk, was referred; Road. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. William Clarke Woodbine, being examined, said, That he knows the Road from Brandon to Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk; that the same is in a ruinous Condition, and dangerous for Carriages; and that it cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road, from the South End of the Ferry Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir Rous and Sir Charles Bun-burydo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mary le bone Mr. Mackwtrth reported from the Committee, to whom Nightly the Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Mary va.ch. Sec. je ^one, in the County of was referred; That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was readand is as followeth; t. viz.

To' prove the Allegations of the said Petition; an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty was read; And,

Mr. Luke IJffon, Vettry Clerk of the said Parish, being examined, laid. That the said Act is defective, in re-sped to paving, cleansing, and enlightening:

That the Vestrymen who are appointed to carry the Ad into Execution, have not Power to compel the Inhabitants to contribute to the necessary Repairs, or any new Pavement to be made with any particular Kind of Stone, or in an uniform and regular Manner:

That sufficient Power is not vested in them by the said Act, to remove Pods, Signs, Sign Irons, and many other Nuisances; and those very Nuisances which the Ad im-powers the Commissioners to remove, may continue fcvc-ral Days, which often causes great Mischief.

And with regard to lighting; if the Inhabitants put up Lamps at their Doors, they are not compelled to contribute to the Rate for lighting, whereby a great Burthen falls upon the poor Inhabitants; and that in particular, where there are Dead Walls, or Houses uninhabited, there is no Power to compel the putting up Lamps. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for 22

amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of St. Mary le , in the County of Middlesex, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, so far as the same relates to the cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Parish: And that Mr. Mackworth, Mr. 'Tudway, and Mr. Grosvenor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act LvmeReg* of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repair- Rowing several Roads, in the Counties of Dorset and,

leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and for repairing the ltoad from the Turnpike Road on Up-lyme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crezvkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second

riv

1 ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Burg-herjh, Mr. Fane, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Lijlurne reported from the Committee, to Canligam whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, R<wd, in the County of Cardigan, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

and found the same to be true; and that the Committee

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments wereOnce read throughout ;and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom BigoMwadc, the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Ex- &c-ecution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King the First,

for repairing and amending the Road from in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and through -bury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, or Cross Post, leading into Santery Lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road, and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall, in Eaton Sokon, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon, and another Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said First mentioned Act, and of several other Persons, Inhabitants of the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pet it ion; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Piece; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said Acts were read: And,

John Bailey, Esquire, Treasurer to the Trustees, being examined, laid, That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Road; and that the Sum of f. 2,900 is owing on the Credit of the Tolls, which can-

dot

J

io Geo. III. 140 Februarit. 701

not be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended, unlel's the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts are further continued, altered, and enlarged:

That the Roads leading from the Ferry House in Temsford, through Little Barf or d, Eynesbury ,a.nd t® St. Neo/t’s Poor Close, and from the said Close along

Cross Hall Lane, to that Part of the said First mentioned Road, which runs by the Top of the said Lane, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in some Places too narrow; and cannot be sufficiently repaired, amended, and widened, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Joseph Eayres confirmed the above Evidence. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, and St. Neots, to the Turnpike Road, at the End of Cross Hall Lane: And that Mr. Ongley, the Earl of Upper OJJory, the Lord Hinchingbrook, and the Lord Ludlow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Marine An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s

Force*- Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ratby Mr. Hothamreported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, in Ratby, in the Pirilli of Ratby, and County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablfe: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a'Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

Mendip Mr. Coxe presented to the House, according to Order, Inclosure. a £[u for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, or Tract cf Ground, Parcel of Mendip, in the Parishes of Eaf Cranmore and West Cranmore, in the County of So-merfet: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, and Tax. j^y a Lancj Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1770, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a. Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1770.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Fowey 771C being informed, That the Committee of

Election. Privileges and Elections had appointed to hear the Matter of the Petition of John Williams and Thomas Ar-

Vol. 32.

thington, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the-Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, upon Friday next;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Friday the 231! Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Newcastle to whom the Petition of Robert Richard Wind, upon Tyne

James Cumings, Robert Coventry, William Nicho/fon, Keelmen, David Elder, and others, whose Names are thereunto &c‘ subscribed, being Skippers and Keelmen employed by Hoaftmen or Fitters of Newcastle upon Tyne, and also Skippers and Castors, employed by Fitters of in the County Palatine of Durham, in working, navi- ' gating, unloading, or delivering. Keels, upon the Rivers Tyne and Wear, on Behalf of tbcmselves, and others,

Skippers, Keelmen, and Castors, fb employed there, is referred. That they have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.'

Ordered, That the Instruction, which, upon the First Day of this Instant February, was given to the Commit- oa* . tee of Privileges and Elections, for hearing the Matter of the Petition of John Trevanion, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, upon Wednesday next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Instruction, which, upon the ad Day of this Instant February, was given to the said Committee, for hearipg the Matter of the Petition of several Freemen of the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and Port, at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of John Trevanion, Esquire, is ordered to be heard, be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions, next after they shall have examined the Mat ter of the Petition of John Williams, and Thomas Arthington,

Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That these be laid before this House, an Ac-. Accounts; count of the Value of all the Glass, Paper, China Ware, and Painters Colours, exported from Great Britain, to the.

British Colonies in America, from 1761, as far

as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to . Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 23d of December 1768, and the 26th of December 1769, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out. Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1770, be re-, ferred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tormorrotf’

Morning.

Sit Charles Whitwottk, also acquainted the House, That h« was directed by the Committee ta move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved,

Ways and Means,

Tamworth

Roads.

702 140 — 15 rebruA. 1770.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of thelsupply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Nforningjj Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 15* die;

Anno io* Georgii III'*1 Regis, 1770.

ATIRS.

MR. Thurlow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Capital Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of 'Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and JVaruoick, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other the Inhabitants, residing in and near the High Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Coleshill and the City of Litchfield, at The Green Man at Moxall Park Corner, through the Liberties

and Parishes of IVishaw, Moxall, and Middleton, in the said

County of Warwick, and the Parish of Drayton Baffett, in the said County of Stafford, and the said Borough and Parish of 'Tamworth, in the said Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and the Parish of Elford, near the School there, into and through the Libert^ of in the County of Stafford, and the Parish of in the said

County of Stafford, and the Parish of Alrewas, to the Turnpike Road there leading from Litchfield to Barton upon Trent, and from the Ena of Oakley Lane, next to the Meqfe Lane, to the End of Rye Lands Lane, in the said Parish of Croxall, and County of and from

Elford Mill, through the Liberties of Hazehr,

Haunt on, and Cliffton Campvill, to the House of William Turner, of Cliffton Campvill aforesaid, in the said County of Stafford, and also in and near the High Roads leading from Baffett Pole, in the said Parish of Drayton to

the said Borough of Tamworth, and from The Bird in the Hand, in Gungate, in the said Borough of Tamworth, over Bow Bridge, to the Two Gates in the said Parish of Tamworth, and County of Warwick, and through the Parishes of Tamworth, and the Liberty of Dofihill, and the Parish of Kingslmry, by Drakenage, through the Liberties of Nether Whitacre and Over in the said

County of Warwick, to the Cross Roads in Over Whitacre Field, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading to Coventry, and from the End of Silver Street, in the said Borough of Tamworth, over Hopwas Bridge, and through the said Parish of Tamworth, and over Packington Lane and Whittington Heath, and by Freeford House, to the Gallows in the County of the City of Litchfield, at the Turnpike Road leading from Litchfield to London, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. Henry Hart, being examined, said, That the said Roads are in general excessively bad; that, in many Parts, they are* liable to be overflowed, and rendered impassable; and in many others so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass each other: and that the said Roads cannot be sufficiently repaired and widened, by the ordinary Course of Law.

s6

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby: And that Mr. Thurlow and General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Clarke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Waste Ground, in the Lordship or Liberty of Ravenjione, otherwise Raunsion, in the Counties of Leitester and Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Stawby, in the Couoty of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committod to Mr. cot. Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road, at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Wester-ham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsfield, to the Village of Titfey, over Botley Hill, Wormfheath, and Walsingham Common, to the Turnpike

Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey: Ana the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bulk-ington, in the County of Warwick: And the same was re-, ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts now subsisting, for repairing the Road from Dunckurch to Stone Bridge, in the County of Warwick,: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Plumerreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of Sir Penifton Lamb, Baronet, Richard Heath, and William Tapp, of the City of London, Merchant, and of Thomas Browne, Esquire, John Leman, Esquire, John Searancke, Esquire, George Poyner Biffe,

Esquire, Charles Barnes, Esquire, the Reverend William Willmott, Clerk, Charles De Laet, Esquire, the Reverend William Browne, Clerk, and John Heavifide, Gentleman, Creditors and Mortgagees of the Tolls and Duties r^ade payable by virtue of the Act of Parliament therein after mentioned, and also of the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and*afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Two Acts of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the county of ,

to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Bown, being examined, said, That there

is

Raven Hone Inclosure,

Scawby

Juclosure*

Eaton Bridge* through Limps field Road.

Bulkington

IndofurCfc

Dunchurch

to

Stone Bridge Road.

Sooth Mima Road.

io Geo. III. 150 Felruarii.

7°3

is now due and owing on the Credit of the said' Acts, the Sum of £. 1,400; and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, nor the Money now owing be repaid, unless the Terms of the said Acts be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue Two Acts of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the lleign of King the Second, for repairing

the Road leading from Galley , adjoining to Enfield

Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of hliddlesex, to Lems ford Mill, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. P/timer, Mr. Ha/fey, and Mr. Jennings, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

StTenoakes Sir Charles Farnaby reported from the Committee, to &c. whom the Petition of the Trustees to several Acts for

RimiK repairing several Roads thereafter mentioned, and of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of che Parillies of Sevenoakes and Tunbridge in the County of Kent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards . delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said Acts were read; And Mr. Thomas Swayne, be-? ing examined, said, That £.3,150 has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tells granted by the said Acts, which Hill remains due; that the Term granted by the lift Ad expired on the 24th of June 1767, and that the above Sum cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the said Term be enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted be increased, so far as relates to the Road from Sevenoakes to Woodsgate and Tunbridge and from Woo Jtgats to Cross.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, lb much of Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sevenoakes, Tunbridge , and Kipping's Crofsto Lamberhurjlround, and Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Vent, in the County of

SiJJix, as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to U oodfpate, Tunbridge , and Kipping's

Ciofs, in the said County of KentAnd that Sir Charles Farnaby, Mr. Sandys, and Sir Brook Bridges, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Wefibwry Ordered, That Mr. Speaker to issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wefibury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir William now One

of the Just’iccs of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench.

BaiTenthw.iite Mr. John Robinson presented to the House, according

Incloiute. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Baffenthzcaite, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Southampton Sir John Molesworth reported from the Committee, to Streets. whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Southampton, in Common Council assembled, and of several Gentlemen and others Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Houses, Buildings, and Ground, within the said Town and Liberties; and also the Petition of many of the Members of the Corporation, Common Council, &c. of Southampton, and also of a very considerable Number of Proprietors of Houses and Estates, and of several Inhabitants in the said Town, on Behalf of themselves and others, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel, and had examined the Matters of the said Petitions ;^uul had directed him to Vol. 32.

report the fame, as they appeared lothcm, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition; Captain John Woodftrd, being examined, said. That he was born in the Town of Southampton, and has lived there Twenty eight Years; that the Inhabitants have been increasing every Year, and that there has been a great many new Buildings lately erected both within and about the said Town; that the Inhabitants are double now to what they have been in the Memory of the Witness.

And being asked the Question, he said. That there is no Manufactory there; that the Trade is very trilling; and that the said Town is more resorted to for Amusement than Trade: That ever since he knew the Town he thought the Streets very badly paved, and that the High Street is so bad that Carriages can only go on one Side of the Way; that he has complained of the Badness of the Pavement, but never met with any Redress; that there are often Obstructions in the Streets by Carriages Hopping; and that the Spouts project so. much over the Foot Way that they are a great Nuisance.

Mr. Jacob Leroux, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Captain Woodford, with respect to the Badness of the Pavement, and the Obstructions by Carriages, and Nuisances by the Spouts; and added, That several of the other Streets and Passages are very badly paved, narrow, and incommodious j and that it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and Persons resorting thereto, if the Streets, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and Passages, were properly paved, cleansed, and widened, where necessary: Then,

Mr. Charles Legay, Town Clerk, produced to your Committee, the Minute Book of the Quarter Sessions, wherein are several Entries of Presentments made by the Grand Jury, of the Nuisances and Obstructions in the said Town, and of the Pitching of the Streets being bad and dangerous.

And Being asked. Why the same were not removed ? he said. He preiumed it was for want of Power in the Magistrates s Then,

Mr. — Muilman, being examined, said, Thathe knows the Town of Southampton; that the Pavement thereof in general is in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous for Carriages, and the Foot Way very inconvenient for PalTcngers.

And being asked. Whether the Town would be benefited by the Streets being new paved ? he said, It would not only be a Benefit to the Inhabitants, but to others who resort there: That the Pavement has been the Subject of Complaint for these Four Years pall; and that the Magistrates have been reflected upon for it, by People resorting thereto.

In support of the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition; the Counsel for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, Copy of an Extract from the Rolls of Parliament of the Seventeenth Year of King Edward the Fourth, to prove that the Management of the said Town was entirely in the Corporation, and the Regulation of the Pavement particularly vested in them, as set forth in their Petition; but by the said Copy it appeared to be in the Mayor, Sheriff, and Bailiffs, for the Time being.

And to prove that the Pavements were in tolerable Repair; they called,

Air. James Knight, who said, That he ig, Forty-seven Years of Age, and has lived in the Tdwn of Southampton all his Life; that when the Pavement is bad, the Method is to apply to the Corporation by a written Notice to the Town Clerk; in Consequence of which, they have been repaired; but could not mention any particular Parts that had been so repaired.

And being asked as to some particular Places in the said Town; he said, To be sure they did run a little narrow, and would do very well if widened; but that the

8 R Witness

Duties

Oil

TaUow,

Uc.

Carmarthen

£lc&ion.

Supply.

7°4

15* Februarii. A. 1770.

Witness thinks upon proper Application to the Corporation the Streets might be kept in Repair} that there were some particular Places that have been paved by Subscription, which, if the Corporation had been applied to, the Witness thinks would not have been done by them.

And being asked, Whether the Pavement is in a worse Condition now than he ever knew it? he said, It was; and that it was owing more to Neglect than the Wear; and that he does not remember any Distress being levied for bad Pavement.

And being asked, Whether it would be for the Benefit of the Town to have it new paved ?

He said, He did not think they could make it better.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better paving and cleansing the Streets, and other Public Passages, in several of the Parishes in the Town of Southampton, and Liberties thereof, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious: And that Sir John Mo/ejworth, Sir George and Mr.

Buller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Commiteee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, fora Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereuntq; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County Borough of Carmarthen, be now read.

And the said’Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday next, the 2zd Day of this Instant February.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions^which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place} and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-five thousand Two hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, to the Twenty-sixth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twelve thousand Four hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out

21

Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Serjeant Glynn reported from the Committee, to Shadwell whom the Bill for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Paul,

Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Sudbury Hearing the Matter of the several Petitions, complain- ^le&ion. ing of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read.

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Sudbury, made the 6th Day of December 1705, was read; whereby it was resolved, "That " the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury in the County of " Suffolk, is only in the Sons of Freemen born after " their Fathers were made free, and in such as have served Seven Years Apprenticeship, or are made " Freemen by Redemption."

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence, touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses, to prove that One of the Sitting Members did, at a numerous Meeting of the Electors for the said Borough, and in the Presence of the other Sitting Member, publicly engage to give a large Sum of Money, to be distributed among the said Electors, provided he should be elected One of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

And a Witness was also examined, in order to prove that the said Sitting Member did, at another Time, and on the same Condition, promise a Sum of Money to the Witness, if he would give him his Vote at the Election.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed to call a Witness to prove that the other Sitting Member did attempt to bribe the said Witness, by offering to procure him aCommission in the Army;

The same was objected to by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Witness having signed the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Electors of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, which was presented to the House upon the 18th Day of November, in the last Session of Parliament.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, in Answer to that Objection.

And One of the Counsel for the Sitting Members having been heard, by way of Reply;

The

io Geo. III. 150 — 16* Februarii.

7°5

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Henry Threlfal, Esquire, having, as an Elector, signed the Petition of the Electors of the Borough of Sudbury, presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be admitted to give Evidence in support of the several Petitions presented in this Session of Parliament, he not having signed the tame;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness, in order to prove that several Persons, .'who had been convicted of Bribery at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, were Agents to the Sitting Members.

Then the said Counsel having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to prove that several of the Persons who voted for the Sitting Members at the last Election, were not legally qualified to give their Votes, as not being Freemen of the said Borough

The same was objected to by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, as not being warranted by any Allegation in either of the said Petitions.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, in Answer to that Objection.

And One of the Counsel for the Sitting Members was beard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel for the Petitioners be admitted to produce Evidence, to prove, that many of the Persons, who voted for the Sitting Members at the last General Election for the Borough of were not

legally entitled to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, there being no Allegation in either of the Petitions presented to this House, to warrant their producing such Evidence;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners summed up their Evidence.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Members were heard; and examined several Witnesses, in order to contraditt the Evidence that had been given on the Part of the Petitioners, as to the Declaration of One of the Sitting Members, at the said Meeting of the Electors.

And then the Counsel for the Sitting Members summed up their Evidence.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Patrick Blake, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk

Mr. Blake withdrew.

Resolved, That Patrick Blake, Esquire, is duly cleded a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Walden Hammer, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk

Mr. Hammer withdrew.

Then the Question being put. That Walden Hanmer, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

VOL. 32.

TeUen for the Yeas, { H

Tclte forth. Noes, } 5'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerts, 16* die Februartt;

Anno io" Georgii III. H Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting aa Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raisedin Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Road, from Saint Stephen's in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill, in at the

Angle where the Road divides to and Kirby, in

the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Adam Broil-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Cailler; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Blackbourton, in the County of Oxford: And the fame was received; and reac ‘the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Nicholas Jacquin, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clive, Lord Clive, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, in the County of Cardigan, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, in the County of Cardigan.

Ordered, That the Lord Lisburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the present Turnpike Road in Tunfiall, in the County of Stafford, through Great Chell and by Biddulph Mill, and through Overton and Buglawton,

over Limford Bridge, to the Turnpike Road from Leek to Macclesfield, in Bojley, in the County of Chester-, and also the Road leading from Great Ckell aforesaid, by

Bank,

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Marintf

Forces.

Norwich

to

Trowfe

Road.

Kroll’a

Nau

Cailler’s

Nat.

Blackbourton

Inclosure.

Jacquin’*

Nat.

Cardigan

Roads.

Tunstall

See.

Road.

ie

70 6

16* Februarii. A. 1770.

Norwich

to

Watton

Road.

Derby

Hills

Inclosure.

Ipswich ^cc. Roads.

Bank fop and Sneyd Green, and through Hanley

to the Turnpike Road in Sin the said County of Stafford; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending and widening the Road, from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich to Watton, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. De Grey, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or Waste Ground, called "Derby in the County of Derby, Parcel of the Manor of Castle,

in the Counties of Leicester and was read a Se-

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendijli, Mr. Hotham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from to , in

the County of Suffolk, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Coddenliam B, in the said County; and also of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth , viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And, Mr. Lott , Treasurer,

to the Trustees, being examined, said, That f. 1,270 has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Toils thereby- granted, and which Hill remains due: That the Road is now extremely bid, and grows worse every Year; and particularly that Part of it which leads to Norwich, being about Eight Miles: That the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Roads put in proper Repair, and so kept, except the Term granted by the said Act be enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that the said Act has been found defective in several other respects.

Mr. Thomas Latham Revett, a Farmer, and Mr. Joseph Simpson, Surveyor, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence of the foregoing Witness, with respect to the Badness of the Roads; and added, That the great Weight carried on broad-wheel Waggons, and the want of proper Materials for repairing the Roads in that Part of the Country, is the principal Cause of the Roads being in so ruinous a Condition: And,

Mr. Simpson added, That last Year there was between £. 50 and f. 60 a Mile laid out upon about Four

Miles of the Road; that there was as much laid out every Year before; and that it is now in a very bad Condition, owing to the Materials being of so soft a Nature as not to be able to bear the Weight of the broad-wheel Carriages.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the Road from Ipswich to Cleydon, and several other Roads 18

therein mentioned, in the County of SuffolkAnd that Sir John Rous and Sir Charles Banbury do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Hay, Mr. Vernon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Upton, in the Parish of Ratley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Port at the Town of Wellefbourne Hajlings, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. with, Mr. De Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, within the Manor or Lordship ot in the Parish of Longmarton, in the County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hotham, Sir Anthony Abdy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis -mux. Gentleman Ulhec of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers, where His Majesty was pleased to give His Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following;

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy:

An Act for indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council, made for preventing the spreading of a contagious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual, and for preventing Suits in consequence thereof; and to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the fame, for a further Time:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore:

An Act for amending the Road from Stephen's Gate, in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trowfe, at the Angle where the Road divides to Bixley and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk.

An Act to enable the Right honourable George Sack-ville, commonly called Lord George Sackville, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Germain, pursuant to the Will of the Right honourable the Lady Elizabeth Germain, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing John Caspar Schneider:

An Act for naturalizing Adam Kro/l:

An Act for naturalizing John Daniel

A Bill

Lewe*

to

Brighton

Road.

Great

Kington

See.

Road 1.

Brampton

Inclosure.

Royal

Assent

to Bilk.

to G&6. III. I 6° Februarii.707

'Simpson A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, 'locloiure. Common Meadows, Common Cow Pallure, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

HalTonghton sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, ncuure. to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, and certain Commonable Places, in the Parish of Halloughton, in the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Owners of 244 Acres of Land within the said Parish, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill} and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be in-dosed amount to about 2,233 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

upon the 9th Day of this Inllant February, and thea ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned; that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- fiderat ion of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sonet on Sir Joseph Mawbey, according to Order, reported Tallow.Jtc. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

Norwich A Bill for amending and widening the Road from s fflam Benedict's Gate, in the County of the City of Nor-

notch, to Swaffham, in the County of Nor/olk, and Hoad. from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the Bounds of Yaxham, and also a Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harbord, Mr. Hotham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hoai’s Mr. Popiam reported from the Committee, to whom

Name. the Bill to enable William Head, Esquire, a Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Pye* Debt The House was moved, that the Petition of William tot e Crown. /#// and jef, H Oyer, which was presented to the House Vql. 32.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee of State of the the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Nation, further of the State of the Nation, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That this House, in the Exercise of its Judicature in Matters of Election, is bound to judge according to the Law of the Land, and the known and established Law and Custom of Parliament, which is Part thereof; and that the Judgment of this House, declared in the Resolution of the 17th Day of February last, " That John " Esquire, having been in this Session of Parliament expelled this House, was, and is, incapable of being elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament," was agreeable to the said Law of the Land, and fully authorized by the Law and Custom of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

And an Objection being made, that the said Ilefolu-tion contained a complicated Question; and that it was the undoubted Right of any One Member of the House to have it separated, before any Question could be put upon it;

Mr. Speaker was called upon by the House, to state what he understood to be the Order of Proceeding of the House in this Respect.

And Mr. Speaker accordingly delivered to the House his Opinion thereupon.

And a Member of the House, having, in his Speech, made feme Observations upon what had b?en said by Mr. Speaker;

And Mr. Speaker offering his Sentiments to the The House, in Awfwer to what had been observed by the said Member; Exception was taken to some Words uhen 4*^ used by Mr. Speaker in such Answer; which Words being taken down by a Member of the House, were afterwards copied by the Clerk at the Table and are as followeth: " When 1 expected candid Treatment from that Member, I was mistaken; for I find I am

8 S ‘‘not

Harwood’s

Name.

Eaton Bridge thro’ Limpsfield

Road*

Birmingham

thro’

Elmdon

Road.

708 16* — 19?

* not to expert Candor from that Gentleman, in any " Motions he is to make to the Chair.

And the said Words, so taken down, being read to the House;

Mr. Speaker declared, That those were not the Words, which he had madeufe of, but that they were as folk>weth: " In Candor, I hoped he would have informed me of the Motion he intended to make; but " I now find, from what the Member has said, that I " am not to expect that candid Treatment from him: — uFor he said in his Speech, That, from this Time forward, he will have no Communication with the Chair."

And Mr. Speaker declared, He did not mean any general Reflection on the Character of the Member.

And, afterwards, Mr. Speaker said, " What I said, arose out of what I understood the Member to have " said. If he disclaimed Candor with the Chair, I had a Right to say, I was not to expect Candor on that 5* Subject. I did not, in Justice I ought not to have made a general Reflection upon the Member’s Cha- racter , but, if the Member had said what I under-flood he said, I had a Right to say what I did. I can " make no Apology for what I said; but will abide the " Sense of the House."

Then a Motion being made, and, the Question being put, That the Words spoken by Mr. Speaker, from the Chair, are disorderly, importing an improper Reflection on a Member of this House, and dangerous to the Freedom of Debate in this House,

It paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the State of the Nation, be adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 190 die;

Anno io# Georgii III‘" Regis, 1770.

Februarii 17701

to a Lane leading by the End of Stone , in- the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secopd Time;

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for amending the Road from

Mountfort, to Stratford upon in the County of

Warwick:And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That ;the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bulkiugtou, in the County of , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-wit h, Mr. Hotham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.;

A Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts now subsisting for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stone in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-with, Mr. Coxe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing ami inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship or Liberty of Ravenjione, otherwise Raunflon, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, was read a Second Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-with, Mr. Coxe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple, of the Manor of in the County of Wilts, with its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, now held under a Demise, by Letters Patent under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Trust for Paul Methuen, Esquire, unto the said Methuen, and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

p Sir Walter Blackett reported from the Committee, to

ravers, whom the Petition of Robert Treall, Richard Wind,

ABILL to enable William Harwood, and his Issue, James Cumings, Robert Coventry, Williasn Nicholson, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Back- David Elder, and others whose Names are thereunto . well, pursuant to the Will of William Ba kwell, de- subscribed, being Skippers and Keelmen, employed by ceased; was read a Second Time. Hoaftmen or Fitters of Newcastle upon Tyne, and also

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burrell, Skippers and Caflors employed by Fitters of Sunder- Mr. Cornwall,&c.: And they are to meet this After- land in the County Palatine of Durham, in working, noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. navigating, unloading, or delivering Keels, upon the

Rivers Tyne and Wear, on Behalf of themselves and A Bill for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Re- others, Skippers, Keelmen, and Caflors so employed pair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike there, was referred: and who were empowered to report Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Westerham, in their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House; the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsfield, That the Committee had proceeded to examine the Mat-to the Village of Titfey, over Botley Hill, Wormjheath, ter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had di-and Walsingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading retted him to make a Report to the House; and he from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey, was read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered read a Second Time. it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed.

Vincent, Mr. Ambler, &c.: And they are to meet this Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred. Chamber.

Mr. Clive reported from the Committee, to whom the Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an naturalizing John Nicholas Jacqttin, was committed; Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King That the Committee had examined the Allegations of George the Second, for repairing the Road from Bir-the Bill, and found the same to be trues and that the mingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

19 House,

Wellsbourn

Mountford

&cc.

Road.

Bulkingvni

Inciolure*

Dunchurch

to

Stonebridge

Road.

Ravenftone

inclosurr*

Cofliarn

Manor*

Newcastle upon Tyne Keelmen,

&c*

Jacquin’s

ISiat*

io GeO. III. 1 tf Februarii. 709

House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs.

Ordered, That Mr. Clive do carry the' Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Navenby A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Corh-

Jntlofure. mon Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,

within the Manor and Parish of , in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cirencester Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Or-Road. der, a gui to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Uppingham Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-Indofure, cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of the Common Fields, in the Parish of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ‘

Bottesford Colonel St. Leger presented to the House, accord- ‘ Inclosure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of includ-

ing the Hamlets of Easthorpe and Normanton, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sunderland A Petition of the Keelmen, Skippers of Keels, and Keelmen, tec. Castors of the Port of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition of Robert Treall, Richard Wind, and others, who call themselves Skippers and Castors, employed by Hoaftmen and Fitters of Newcastle upon Tyne, and also Skippers and Castors employed by Fitters of Sunderland, for establishing a Society for the Purpose of relieving poor indigent Keelmen, their Wives and Children, out of a Fund to be raised as therein is mentioned; and that these Petitioners were not apprized of such Petition till it appeared in the

Votes; and setting forth. That the Petitioners are mostly Natives of this Port and Neighbourhood, and earn in their Employments, which differ greatly from those of the Keelmen of Newcastle, a competent Maintenance for themselves and their Families, and, in case of Necessity, have Relief in common with other Poor from their respective Parishes; and that the Relief fought for by the said Petition would not contribute to their better Support, but would load them with unnecessary Charge for the Relief of others, with whom they have, nor desire to have, any Connexion: And therefore hope, that, with respect to them, the House will dismiss the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Treall, Richard Wind, James Cumings, Robert Coventry, William David Elder, and

others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Skippers and Keelmen, employed by Hoaftmen or Fitters of Nezvcajile upon Tyne, and also Skippers and Castors employed by Fitters of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham, in working, navigating, unloading, or delivering Keels, upon the Rivers Tyne and Wear, on

Vol. 32. '

Behalf of themselves and others. Skippers, Keelmen, and Castors, so employed there, was referred, is re-committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to report their Opinion to the House, upon the Matters Contained in the said Petitions.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and ^ilot- Rathv . ting, the Open Fields, in Ratby, in the Parish of Inclosure;

and County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields in Ratby, in the Parish of and County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hotliam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allot- Hailoughton ting, the Open Fields, and certain Commonable Places; Indoiure. in the Parish of Halloughton, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, and certain Commonable Places, in the Parish of Halloughton, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Common,. Mendlp or Tract of Ground, Parcel of M in the Parishes Xocloitue. of East Cranmore and West Cranmore, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow.

Mr. Townshend, Ac.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. William Burke presented to the House, according St. Andrew; to Order, a Bill to enable the Parishioners of Saint An- Holborn, drew, Holborn, in the County of M to purchase a Workhouse. Workhouse: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. William Burke presented to the House, according Saffron Hilt to Order, a Bill for building a Workhouse for the Li- Workhousw berty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vanfutart presented to the House, according to Souldrop Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Inclosure'. and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste s Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Souldrop, in the County of Bedford: And . the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for the better maintaining, regulat- Shad well ing, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Street*.

Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Pauli Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Glynn do'carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Saddington concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Inclosure. closing, the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Saddington, in the County of Leicester;

which

Biilkfn^ton

Inclosure.

Bafienth waite Inclosure.

State of the Nation.

Supply.

Way* and Means.

State of the

Nation.

710 ,19° — 200 Februarii. A. 1770.

which Bill was, upon the 9th Day of this Instant, bruary, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of BvJkington, in the County of Warwick; which

Bill was this Day read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of thwaite, in the County of Cumberland., was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Robinson, Mr. Coventry, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant,

resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the State of the Nation.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it is the Rule of this House, that a complicated Question be divided;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " Question," the Words, " which prevents any Member from giving " his free Assent or Diflent to any Part thereof, ought, " if required, to."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question being put, That it is the Rule of this House, that a complicated Question, which prevents any Member from giving his free Assent or Dilfent to any Part thereof, ought, if required, to be divided;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T 11 r .1 v $ Sir William , 7 _ _

Tellers for the Yeas.’ Mf H . } 174-

Tellers for the Noes, j ^r’

243-

Sir Charles Whitworth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be divided into Two Parts, the First Part ending at the Word " thereof," and the Question, for agreeing with the Committee therein, be put upon each Part separately.

And the Question being accordingly put, to agree with the Committee in the First Part of the said Resolution, That this House, in the Exercise of its Judicature in Matters of Election, is bound to judge according to the Law of the Land, and the known and established Law and Custom of Parliament, which is Part thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put, to agree with the Committee in the Second Part of the said Resolution, That the Judgment of this House declared, in the Resolution of the 17th Day of February last, " That John Wilkes, Esquire, having been in this " Session of Parliament expelled this House, was, and " is, incapable of being elected a Member to lerve in " this present Parliament," was agreeable to the said Law of the Land, and fully authorized by the Law and Custom of Parliament;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the YeasJ }*37-

Tellers for the Noes j , S9.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is ,20° die Februarii;

Anno io# Georgii IIItn Regis, 1770. Prayers.

MR. Waljh reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcester, and of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, resident within the said City and the Suburbs thereof, whole Names are subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. John Bell, being examined, said. That the City of Worcester is a Place of great Trade; that a Supply of Water is much wanted there; for, notwithstanding the re are Water-Works upon the River, the Pipes are gone to Decay, and no Water has been conveyed from thence for Two Years past; which is not only dangerous, in case of Fire, but, for want of Water running through the City, the Sewers and Drains are frequently stagnated and very offensive.

That the Streets and other Passages within the said City and Suburbs are, in general, ill paved and lighted, and very badly cleansed; that they are much annoyed by Signs and Water Spouts, and rendered incommodious by Bulks, Windows, and other Projections and Annoyances.

That it would be of great Utility to the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, and Persons resorting thereto, if Provision were made for paving, cleansing,

and

itr — -

tt orococr Streets, Ice.

i o Geo. III. 20° Februarii. 711

and lighting the said Streets, and removing all Annoyances therein; and also for supplying the Inhabitants with a sufficient Quantity of fresh and wholesome Water.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better supplying the City of and the Liberties

thereof, with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing ail Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Waljh, Sir Charles Whitw, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

'Blackbourton A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and laclosure. Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Blackbourton, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Lord Wenman, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Minrhead Sir Charles Kemys Tynt reported from the Committee,

Harbour. to whom the Petition of Henry Fownes , of

Jler Castle, in the County of Esquire, Lord of

the Manor of Minehead, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House* and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth* viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Three Acts, the First passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of King William the Third, for granting certain Duties therein mentioned, for the Term of Twenty-one Tears, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harboufr of Mineheadyfor the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, which was to be applied and disposed of by Trustees therein named, to the building a new Head, clearing the Beach, and other Works, for securing, preserving, amending, and maintaining the Pier and Harbour of Minehead, and the Trustees are thereby impowered to borrow Money,

for the Ends and Purposes of the said Act, and on the Credit of the Duties thereby granted: — The Second Act was passed in the Tenth of Queen Anne, for prolonging the Term for Payment of the said Duties for the further Term of Sixteen Years; and the Third Act pafl?ed in the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, for continuing the Term and Powers for the further Term of Forty Years, which will expire the 5th of 1778, were produced: And,

Mr. George Gale, being examined, produced a Book, containing the Accounts of the said Trustees, examined and settled by them whereby it appears, that Henry Fownes Luttrell, Esquire, and the former Lords of the Manor of Minehead, had advanced and paid several Sums of Money, for the Purposes of the said Acts, and had received several Sums of Money out of the Duties thereby granted; and that there was, on the 3d Day of June 1769, due to the said Henry Fownes a

Balance of £.9,560. i8r. Then,

Mr. John Frojly being examined, said. That he was present when the above Balance clue to Mr. Luttrell was examined, and ligned by the Trustees. And,

Mr. George Gale said, That the Money raised by virtue of the said Acts, has been duly applied* — and both the Witnesses said. That the Sea drives in large Stones at the Mouth of the Harbour, whereby the same is frequently choaked up, and that, unless the Term for levying and receiving the Duties, for maintaining the Harbour, is continued, the same will soon be rendered useless.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the Terms and Powers granted and continued by three Acts, passed in the 12th and 13th Vot. 31.

Years of William the Third, the 10th of Queen Anne, and in the nth Year of his late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, in the County of Somerset; and for the more effectual carrying the said Acts into Execution: And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Waddington to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Indolure. Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of,

in the County of the City of Lincoln, was committed *

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except 'Thomas At t erf all, who was called upon, but was not at Home, and who is possessed of about an Acre and an Half of Land and also except Thorold, a Minor, who is possessed of about an Acre of Land, whose Steward said, that he had no Objection to the Bill* and that the whole Lands within the said Common Fields conflft of about 195 Oxgangs and that ne Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughput and then a Second Time, One by One* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl Vemey presented to the House, according Bleeder to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, *® from Bicester, in the County of Oxfoto , in the County of Bucks: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according Poulton, &c. to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery SmtU Debt*, of small Debts, within the Parishes of Poulton, Kirkham,

Lytham, and Bifpham, and Townships of Prefall and St aiming, in the County Palatine of And the

lame was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Aubrey reported from the Committee, to whom Ayfelbwy, the Bill for amending the Road from Aylejsbury, in the J®16*

County of Buckingham, through Thame and - oa ‘

ton, to the Turnpike Road between Benfington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, was committed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Planter presented to the House, according to Or- South Mina* der, a Bill to continue Two Acts of the Third and Se- R-ori. venteenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the

8 T County

712 20° FebruA. 1770.

County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the Fir A: Time.

Rtfo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tunflall, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the &:c' present Turnpike Road in , in the County of

03 Stafford, through Great Chell and by

Mill, and through Overton and Buglawtun, over Lim-ford Bridge, to the Turnpike Road from Leek to Macclesfield, in Bojley, in the county of ; and also the

Road leading from Great Chell aforesaid, by Bank Top and Sneyd Green, and through Hanley to the

Turnpike Road in Sheltonin the said County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wroltefley, Sir Charles Tynte, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Head’s An ingossed Bill to enable William Head, Esquire, Name. a Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable William Head, Esquire, a Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir John Filmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Westminster A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe-Paving. cution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of and other Parts therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have continued to put the Acts in Execution, and have made great Progreis in the Works thereby directed, which, they presume, have been of great Public Benefit and Convenience; but find it impossible to proceed further, on account of the Insufficiency of the Funds appropriated for those Purposes; and representing to the House, that if they were impowered to collect a small Toll, on every Day in the Week, except Sunday, upon Coaches, Chairs, and other Carriages not used in Trade, and on Saddle Horses, at the several Gates or Turnpikes mentioned and set forth in the Act of the Fifth of His present Majesty’s Reign, for collecting Tolls on Sundays, it would be a Means more effectually to facilitate the Execution of the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, or to grant the Petitioners such other Aid as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr.

Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Mary le Bone A Petition of the Vellrymcn of the Parish of Saint Mary

Nightly ie Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the

"^ll’ House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for

l7

the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets,

Squares, Lanes, and other Passages; and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of St. Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, so far as the same relates to the cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares,

Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Parish; and that, if Provision was made in the said Bill, for regulating the Weights and Measures within the said Parish, and for marking and stamping the fame, and for preventing Abuses and Frauds, by enforcing the Use of regular and uniform Weights and Measures in the said Parish, it would be of great Advantage and Use to the fair Trader; And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for such Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of - Speenham-

landand Newbury, in the County of Berks whose Names la, ltb are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, Application has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual Two Acts, for repairing and widening the Road from Speenhamland to Marlborough, and for repairing the Road through the Town of Marlborough; and that the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at Speenhamland to the Tenement, late a Black-smith’s Shop, in the Occupation of Hester Jefferies, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being:

And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the Eighteenth Ifcar of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, at a general Meeting held at The Three Tons in Charnam Street, in the County of Wilts, on the 8th Day of January 1770, and of several other Persons, refid ing near the said Highways, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear--to them, to the House.

An ingossed Bill to continue, fora Time to be limited, D,)t;cson an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Ma- Tallow, jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Militia appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Fay and Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1770; Ckwtliiu*. That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

ESTIMATE

.j

Dover

Election.

Pye’s Dc’t to the Crown.

io Geo. III. 20° Felruarii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of th» Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1770.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at 1 s. each, 28 Days -

Ditto to 70 Adjutants, at 6 s.a Day each - -

Ditto to 1,542 Serjeants, at 1 j. a Day each -

Ditto to 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d.a Day each -

For additional Pay to 30,840 private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s.6 d.a Week each -

Ditto - - to 70 Drum Majors, at 6 d.a Day each -

Ditto - - to 1,542 Corporals, at 6 d.a Day each, 28 Days -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £.50 a Year each -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Sub-division Meetings, computed at Ditto to each Regiment, Battalion, and independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6 d.per Month for each private Man and Drummer - -

Clothing for 30,840 private Men, at £. 1.10 s.each -

Ditto - for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3. 10 s.each -

Ditto - for 1,200 Drummers, at £. 2. each ——

For additional Pay for Clothing 54 Serjeant Majors and 54 Drum Majors, at £. each Subsistence to 498 Captains, at 7 s. 6d. per Day for 28 Days -

Subsistence to 561 Lieutenants, including Two Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3 s.6 d.each, for 28 Days -

Ditto to 435 Ensigns, at 3 s. each, for 28 Days -

C- s. d.

43»*76-----

7,665-----

28,141 10 —

10,95°-----

6,168-----

455 -

638 15 —

1,079 8 —

3,500 — — 4,000-----

10,023 — — 46,260-----

5>397 -

2,400-----

108-----

5,229-----

2,748 18 — 1,827 —

L-

179,766 11 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Instruction, which, upon last, was given to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, for hearing the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, next after they shall have examined the Matter of the Petition of John Williams and Thomas ylrthing/on, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, be discharged.

Ordered, That it bean Inffrtnftion to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions upon Friday, the Second Day of March next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to ref lie its.lf into a Committee of the whole House, to tonfkler of the Petition ot William Hill and John , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itlcit into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Burrell accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners lor executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown from William Pye, lor which they are Sureties.

V9L. 32.

And Mr. Burrell moved the House accordingly

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ina Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Eixchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with William Hill and John Dyer,a Debt due to the Crown from. William

for which they are Sureties: And that Mr. Burrell and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, die lame.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Owen, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke-,

The Counsel were called in.

And John Griffiths, Esquire, of ,late High

Sheriff' lor the County of Pembroke, attending according to Order, was also called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel, at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence, touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the' House of Commons, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard.

And the original Poll, taken at the last Election of a.Knight of the Shire, for the County of Pembroke, be. ing produced;

The Counsel for the Petitioner examined a Witness, to prove the Partiality of the said Sheriff in Favour of the Sitting Member, in the Appointment of the Persons who were to pres.de at the several Booths appointed for holding the Poll, as Deputies to the said Sheriff', and as to the Declaration of the Sheriff with relpefl to the Manlier of proceeding in the taking of the said Poll.

And

Pembroke

Elect ion:

7H

2o° — 210 Februarii.

A. 1770.

And the said Witness was further examined, to prove, That, in One of the Booths appointed for taking the said Poll, several Persons who offered to poll for the Petitioner, were rejected by the Deputy of the said Sheriff; and that others, under the same Circumstances, were admitted to poll for the Sitting Member; and that, upon Objection being made to that Proceeding, the Sheriff could not be found, to determine the fame.

Then a Member, in his Place, informed the House what he knew in relation to the Declaration of the Sheriff before the Commencement of the Poll, as to the Method of Proceeding in taking the Poll.

And several other Witnesses were examined, in order to shew the partial Behaviour, in Favour of the Sitting Member, of some of the Persons appointed by the said Sheriff to act as his Deputies; and also, that the Sheriff did not appear in several of the Booths during any Part of the said Poll; and that, when Complaint was brought to the said Sheriff, that One of his Deputies had acted partially, and he was called upon to go to that Booth where such Deputy presided, he promised to attend as soon as he had dispatched some Business of his own, which he said would not detain him many Minutes; but that, notwithstanding such Promise, he went away from the Place of Polling, and never came to the said Booth, or returned to the Place where the Poll was taken, till the same was closed, and the Numbers were to be declared; and that, during Part of the said Poll, he was in the Town and County of which is

no Part of the said County of; and also that,

in the Booth where the said Sheriff was present, another Person acted in the taking the Poll, and determining the Rights of disputed Voters, as the Presiding Officer in the said Booth; and that, at the Close of the Poll, though a Scrutiny was demanded, the same was refused by the said Sheriff.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to

withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Morning next, Twelve

of the Clock;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j Ma7kL,k: } 55-

Tellers for the Noes, j ’ } *

So it pa{fed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having in Part examined another Witness as to the Behaviour of One of the Deputies of the said Sheriff;

The Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till ‘Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Cirencelter Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Samuel Election. Blackwell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of Gloucester, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Instant Fe~ bruary.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii) 21* d Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1770. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Town of Leeds, through or near the several Market

Towns therein mentioned, to and through a certain Close of Ground, the Property of William , Gentleman, lying near Love Lane, on the North West Side of the said Town and Port of Liverpoole, and from thence to the River Mersey; and the Petitioners, being Trustees for the several Docks, Pier, and other Works, in and about the Harbour and Port of , under several Acts of the 8th Year of Queen , the 3d of

King George the First, the 1 ith of King George the Second, and the 2d Year of His present Majesty, have come to an Agreement (subject to the Controul of Parliament) with the Agents for the said Navigable Canal, that, provided the said Bill shall pass into a Law, the said Navigable Canal shall terminate at the Sea Bank, or Clay Bank, at or near The North Ladies , in Liverpoole, and there be locked down to the adjacent Sea Shore, or Strand, at the Expence of the Undertakers and intended Proprietors of the said Navigable Canal; and, in order that the said Navigable Canal may have a Communication with the Dock now making on the West Side of the Town of Liv, and also with the other Docks and Pier there, and that the Ships and Vessels in the Foreign and Coasting Trade, which pay considerable Dock Duties there, may not be obstructed in their Trade by the Boats or Vessels which may navigate on the said Canal taking up too much Space in the said Docks and Pier, the Petitioners have likewise agreed with the said Agents, that the Petitioners will make a Cut or Canal, from the North End of the said Dock now constructing along the Sea Strand or Shore there, to join the said Navigable Canal at the Place where it is to be locked down as aforesaid; and will also make a Dock, and Pier necessary to support the fame, proper and sufficient for the Reception of such Boats and Vessels as shall trade or be navigated on the said Navigable Canal, upon having a moderate Ton-nage granted to them for defraying the great Expence of making and maintaining such junftive Cut or Canal, Dock, Pier, and other Works necessary thereto, provided the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be prolonged and enlarged, so as to enable the Petitioners to make and finish the said junftive Cut or Canal, Dock, Pier, and other Works necessary thereto, the present Terms and Powers being inefficient and inadequate for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That such Bill for making the said Navigable Canal from Leeds to Liverpoole, may pass into a Law, on the Terms of the said Agreement between the said Agents and the Petitioners; and that such Powers and Provisions may be inserted therein, as may enable the Petitioners to perform and fulfil their said Agreement with the Agents and Undertakers of the said Navigable Canal; and that, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Terms and Powers granted in and by the before mentioned several Acts may be prolonged and enlarged to the Petitioners, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition"1 be referretj to the

Con-

Leed*

to

io Geo. III. 210 Febrtiarii. 715

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders and Inhabitants, residing in and near the Market Towns of , Bradford,' Bingley, KighleSkips on, and Settle, in the County of York, and the Town or Port of Liverpool, and the several Market Towns of Colne,

Blackburn, Prejlott, and , in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Petitions are referred.

St. Jam*, Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Westminster, |j)e pejjtion of the Vestrymen and other Inhabitants of p»ving. the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselvesand the rest of the Vestrymen and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the.Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; several

Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, were read: And,

Mr. Luke Idefon, being examined, said, That the Commissioners appointed for putting the said Acts in Execution, had caused several Streets within the said Parish to be paved and lighted; but that there are several Streets within the said Parish, which have not yet been new paved; and that it would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants, to have all the Streets within the Parish well paved, cleansed, and lighted: And the Witness said, he apprehended the Work would be performed in a much Jcfs Time, and more to the Satisfodion of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if the same were to be under the Direction of the Commissioners, who are Inhabitants of the Parish, than under the general Law: And the Wit-, . fiefs delivered in to your Committee an Account, containing the Names of the several Streets within the said Parish which want new paving, together with the Number of square Yards in each Street, and a Calculation of the Expences which will attend the new paving the said Streets: And he said, he apprehended the Expences which would be necessary to keep all the Pavements within the Parish in good Repair, and so keep the same properly cleansed and lighted, and to defray all the other Expences relating thereto, would amount to the Sum of £. 5,500

per Annum. ,.

And the Witness said, That an Eighteen-penny Rate, made according to the present Assessment, will raise, within the said Parish,1 7,^00 > so that there will Be a Surplus off. d,oooo per Annum, to discharge t he Money which will be necessary to be borrowed for the Purposes aforesaid; and that, when the Debt was paid off, a Rate of 14 <d.in the Popnd would defray the several Purposes

jiforesaid. ., '

And being asked. How he made the Calculations he had mentioned ? he said, He calculated the Expences of fjie Work, from the Prices which bad been given for new paving the Streets within the'Parish; and he made his Calculation for raising the Mohey to defray those Ex-.. perices from the present Assessments of the Parish: And ' . added. That he did not doubt but the whole Pavements

within the Parish might be finished in Three Years Time, if an A.d was passed for tho Purposes aforesaid; and, that such-Gentlemen only as- are Inhabitants of the Parish were appointed Commissioners* to see the necessary Works carried into Execution*; .

-A Motion was made, tbs Question being put. That ^eave-be j>iven to bring if) -a: Bill, for repealing several Acts polled for pavings cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Stre^ts^^nd Lancs, within the City and Li,-v Wot. 32.

berty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent* so fir as they relate to the Parish of Saint James; and for better paving* cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares* Lanes* and other Places, within the said Parish;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

t- „ r .1 v \ Mr. Mackw 7 .

Tellers for the Yeas, { Mf J a6.

'rn c t. xt V Sir Charles Whitworth, 1 .

Tellers for the Noes, Mr. Linwood. f ,0-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys and the Earl Percy do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Midhurst the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midhurst, in the County of Sussex, in the

room of the Honourable Charles James Fox; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cardigan the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ^rit* eleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cardigan, in the room of the Right honourable Wilmot Lord Viscount Lisburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain. *

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Southampton the 13 th Day of this Instant February, " That Leave Slrtcu- be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving and " cleansing the Streets, and other public Passages, in " several of the Parishes in the Town :of »

" and Liberties thereof, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering (he same more commodious," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the; said Order be discharged.

The House was moved, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Southampton, in Common Council assembled, and of several Gentlemen and others, Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Liberties -thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Houses, Buildings, and Ground, within the said Town and Liberties; and also the Petition of many of the Members of the Corporation, Com* moit Council, &c. of Southampton, and also of a very considerable Number of Proprietors of Houses and Estates* and of several Inhabitants in the said Town, on Behalf of themselves and others, were severally referred, might be again read. - , r v.:

1 And the same being;read accordingly; ,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing, the Streets, and other public Passages, in the several Parishes and Wards of St. Michael, St. John, Holy Rood, St. Lawrenta All Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and East Street and Bagrow, within the Town of Southampton and Liberties thereof, and for preventing Nuifepces and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious: And that Sir John Molesworthi Sir George Yonge, and Mr. Ballet, do prepare,'and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant' to Christchartb the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Christchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Honourable Thomas -Jon i who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath

8 U accepted

7i6 ai° Februarii . 1770.

accepted the Office of Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold.

Plymouth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in the room of Francis HoJbume, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

African Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for executing Settlements, the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State and Condition of Bance Island, taken 29th March 1769.

N° 2. State and Condition of Fart taken

17th April 1769.

N° 3. State and Condition of Dixcove taken 18th April 176 9.

N° 4. State and Condition of Annamaboe Fort, taken alft April 1769.

N° 5. State and Condition of Fort, taken

2.7th April 1769.

N° 6. State and Condition of TFort, taken 27th April >1769.

N° 7. State and Condition of Cape Coqfl Castle taken 27 th April 1769.

N° 8. State and Condition of James Fart, Accra, taken 28th April 1769. *

N° 9. State and Condition of Succondee Fort, taken 29th' April 11769.

N° 10. State and Condition of Commenda Fort, taken 19th April 1769.

N° 11. State and Condition of Williams Fort, taken iff May 1769.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Arid the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Saddington Mr. Staunton reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing, -allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Saddmgton, in the County of Leicester, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given therr Consent to the- Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the' Proprietors of Two Yard Lands and Twelve Sixteenths of a Yard Land; who, being applied to, eefufed to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Yard Lands intended to be inclosed are 48, and Fourteen Sixteenths of a Yard Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and -that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

.-Rfary-ie-Bona .' Mr .'Mackwbrthreported from tire Committee, to whom NewChutxh. the Petition of Margaret Cavendijk, Duchess Dowager of Portland, William Henry Duke of ,’

and the Nobility residing in the Parish of Saint Mary-k Bene, in the County of Middlesex, and the hurhble Petition of the Vestrymen and other Inhabitants of the, ferd Pa-

l- 21 -

rifli, was referred; That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same waS read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr.

Luke Idejon, being examined, said, That the said Parish

is large and populous, the Inhabitants numerous, and contains upwards of Two thousand Houses; that the Parish Church is much too small for the said Inhabitants to aflemhle in for the public Worship-of God; and that they are delirous of building one larger, and of inclosing a convenient Piece of Ground for a Burying Place; but the same cannot be done, without the Aiid and Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Parish Church, and for making a Cemetery, or Church Yard, in the ParKh of Saint -

Bone, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. -worth, Mr. Grosvenor, and Mr. Tudway, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to Trent River whom the Bill for better regulating the Navigation of the . to River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, Navigation^ to Gaiqfborough, in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward? delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; add, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom Worktop; she Petition of several of the Gentlemen, FVeeholders, *« and other Inhabitants, of the County of Nottingham, was Roadu.

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de--livered.it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

TO prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr.

George White, being examined, said, That the Road leading front Worksop, in she County dthrough Budby, Oiler ton, Wellow, Qrqpton, z to Kelham\ where the feme joins the Turnpike Road from Sout hill to Newark, and from Deb dale Hill to the great Northern Road, at South Mu/kham, in the said County, is in a. tuinous Condition, and ip many Parts very narrow and dangerous; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired1 arid widened, by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fof repairing and widening the Road, from Workjop, to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill, to the great Northern Road at South Mu/kham, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Willoughby and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Warrington whom the Petition of the Right honourable Edward E^ri and of Derby, and the humble Petition of the several Gen* flemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Freeholders, of the County- Palatine of LaHcnJler, whose Names are there-tinto fubftribed.-was-^efetred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him' to repott; the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and-he*read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

White the famq was+ead; and is as followeth; -w*.

io Geo. Ill

21

FebruariL

7*7

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Two Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Angerftein’s

ACb passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Julius First, and the Twentieth Year of King George the Second, was committed; That the Committee had examined the for repairing the Road from Warrington to Wigan, in the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j

County of Lancaster, and from a Place called EarPs Kill, and that the Committee had directed him to report the

in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he de-

aforesaid, were read: And, livered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Henry Clayton, being examined, said. That the Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution

have borrowed large Sums of Money upon the Credit A Petition of Nicholas Dunbar, at first Paymaster to thereof, which, together with the Tolls, hath been ap- the Regiment of Surrey Militia, and, after the Division

plied in repairing the said Roads, and making a Cart of the Regiment into Two Battalions, some Time Pay-

Causeway, or Pavement, from Earl's Kill to Wigan; master to the First Battalion thereof, was presented to

igertt<

Mat.

Dunbar’s

Complaint.

the House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner having seen the Accounts of the Surrey Militia, aspaffed at the Pay Office, and lrkewife of the Non-effective Accounts of the fame, as made up at the War Office by Mr.

that the Inhabitants of the several Townships through which the said Road leads, have, for several Years, been at the Expence of repairing the said Causeway, which is now become very ruinous, and is in several Parts very narrow and dangerous j and that the Money now owing Fitter, the Agent, and Mr. Oldham, his Clerk,

on the Credit of the said Atfts cannot be repaid, and the and having compared the same with the Money the re-Road kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers, which are in some Respects defective, are enlarged and continued.

Ordered, That Leave* be given to bring in a Bill to amend Two several Acts of Parliament, for re-

New

Cdappel

spective Paymasters drew from the Agent for the Payment and Subsistence of the said Corps, he has the strongest Reasons for believing that there has been an Embezzlement of the Public Money, to the Amount of 8000, from that County’s Militia only; and that the pairing, widening, and amending, the Road leading Petitioner has attempted, on sundry Occasions, to lay, from a Place called EarPs Kill, in Warrington, in the open and expose the lame; but finding these Attempts County of Lancaster, to the 7*oil Bars in Wallgate, in ineffectual, the Duty he owes the Public induces him to

Wigan, in the said County/and for granting a further laythestateof this Transaction before the House; and Term, for the more effectual repairing and widening the that the Petitioner undertakes to prove, that the Public said Road, And that the Lord Strange, and Sir Henry Money has been embezzled, as. will plainly appear upon Hoghton do prepare, and bring in, the fame. the production of Mr. Fitter’s Non-effective Accounts,

as passed at the War Office, with the Examining Clerk's Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom Report on the Back thereof, with his Accounts likewise the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, 'as passed in the Pay Office, which are artfully made up, the Road from New Chappel, in the County of Surrey, and fabricated for the Purpose of secreting the Public over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Ltnfield, Money: And. therefore humbly submits the Considera-to the Town of Dilchling, up to the Top of Ditchling 4iou of the Premises to the House.

..... ~ ' Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

fiderariori of a Committee: And that they do examine and state to the House, the Matter of FaCfc contained in the said Petition:

And it. is, referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Lord Barrington, ire. t And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Worcester Streets, tic.

Be/lhills, in the said County of Suffer, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the some to be.troe; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place i and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout >; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Walfli presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better supplying the City of Worcester, aftd the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for Removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein4; Apd the same was received; and read $he First Tirade.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Carmarthen

Ele&ioa.

Resolved, Tuat an ’humble Address be pfefented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be foid before this House, Accounts of all such Aflbcutions in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in , hot to import into the said

Colonies from Great Britain certain Goods and Merchandize; as have been published in the said Colonies, and transmitted to His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; fiftce the First of August 1768.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Ordered, That the Order made upon Thursday last, for Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council, hearing, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow, the Mat-

Amencan

Colonies.

ter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County Borough of Carmarthen, be now read.

And the said Order being tead accordingly; .

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. N

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjura tion ;~and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House,

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Ditto. Consideration the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of London trading to North

Ordered, That the'foid Petition'be taken into Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the 5th Day of March next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

an Account of his Qualification and having taken the confkler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Oath-of Qualification, according to the Laws made for thofo Purposes

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon TueJJay Morning

next.

Vol. 2*.

And a Motion being made. That the Report which was made from the Committee^ who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1770, be referred to kj>e foid Committee;

The

Ways , and Means

Offices and

Eniplejmtnu*.

Land Tax fiommiffior^rs

718 2I° — 22°

The Nord Aforth by His Majesty’s Command acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year 1770, as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1770, be deferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1769, to the 24th of June 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1769, to the 24th of June 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1769, to the 24th of June 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come tofeveral Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That, this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read; v Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves.for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. John Robinson, Sir John wonh, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson have Leave'to make a Motion. -; -

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the last Session ,ol Parliament to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty; by a Land Tax, to be raised -in Cjeal

Februarii. 1770.

Britain, for the Service of the Year 1769; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1770: And that Mr. John Robinson and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 2 2P die Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

MR. Whichcotpresented to the House, according to wintertoa

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. Open Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Winterton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to Benniwort ' Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Inclosure. and Common Fields and Grounds within the Parish of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Burgherfh reported from the Committee, to Lyme Re;

whom the Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the Three 4/hes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bfilf, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time^ One. by One; and, - upon the . 'Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to, by the - .

.House. ./ . - ‘ >

Ordered, That the " Bill, with the Amendments, ingrossed. *. „ , . v -

' Ordered, That, aftj have Voices,'. who ,come to-fife Great Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing'and widen- Kington,* ing-the Road from Upton, „ip..the. Parish, octo RoaJs*

the North End of Bridge S/reetdin the Town of Great Kington, and from therice to the Guide Post at the Town of Welljbourjie liriflings, in the County of Warwick, is committed.

Sir George Servile presented to the House, according to Thorntoa

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Inclosure. and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Manor of Thornton, in Bradford Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and 'read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1 An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Waddingtc 'Fields, Common Meadows, Common - Pastures,'Con^- Inclosure -mobs/and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Waddington,

ill

io Geo. III. 23* Februa 719

in the County of the City of was read die Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of the City of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. IVhie heot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

IpfWich Sir John Rous presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for, continuing the Terms, and enlarging * the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the Road from to , and several

other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aneerlteinft An ingrafted Bill for. naturalizing John Julius Nat. Jiein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Julius

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Biggleswade Mr. Onglej presented to the House, according to

*c. Order, a Bill to continue and render more effectual

Roads. several Acts for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alcoubury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Hall to Great

Stoughton Common, in the County of , and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of to and through Little

Barford, Eynefbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Exeter A Petition of several Gentlemen of the County of

High Street. Devon, was presented to the House, and reads Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed. Application has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for impowering the Justices of the Peace to widen and otherwise improve the present Way, or Approach, from the High Street, in the City of Exeter, to the Castle, and to apply the Sum of f. 1000, out of the County Stock, for that Purpose; and representing to the House, that, if a new Way was opened and made, from the said High Street, through Part of Castle Lane, and certain other Lands and Grounds, cross a Lane leading to the New Buildings, and from thence to the Cajtie, and a few old Building? now Handing on some Parts thereof were taken down, and some Ground was purchased for that Purpose, such new Way would be more commodious; and that the opening, making, and maintaining thereof, will be less expensive, and of greater Utility, then the repairing and widening the present Way, as prayed for by the said Petition: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coqsideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Devon, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Dunbar’s Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Complaint, to whom the Petition of Nicholas Dunbar, at first Pay-master to the Regiment of Surrey Militia, and, after the Division of the Regiment into Two Battalions, some Time Paymaster to the First Battalion thereof, is referred; That they do proceed to examine the Matter of the said Petition upon Thursday Morning next.

Vol. 32

Mr. Rage reported from the Committee, to whom Oxford

the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford c to Canal Navigation, was referred , That the Committee CanxI. had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition j an A<5k of the last Session, for making a Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, at a Place called Longford, to the City of Oxford, was read to your Committee.

Then Mr. James King laid before your Committee a Survey which he had taken of the Lands at and also at a Place called Bedworth Field, adjoining to the Coventry Canal Navigation.

And he said, That if the Junction of the Canals was to be made in Bedworth Field, instead of being made at Longford, as the said Act directs, the Oxford Canal would be shorter by One Mile and a Half, in Two Miles and a Half, which would be a Saving to the Public, of at lead £. 650 a Year, in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize.

And the Witness added, That if the Junction is made at Longford, as the present A&ditccis, the Two Canals

will run parallel with each other for Three Quarters of a Mile together, with only a Towing Path between them; and that it is necessary to make some other Amendments to the said A<5h

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford: And that Mr. Page, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Charles Spencer, the Lord W tnman, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Dog prevent the Killing or Stealing of Dogs; and for making Stealing, a Provision for the better preventing the Destruction of c* Game by Night: And that Mr. Clayton, Sir George Yonge, Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord Strange, Mr. Do Grey, and Mr. Rite, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

1 1

Re/bbved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn to Tuesday Morning next.

4

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committee], withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Fowey of Privileges and Elections, That they do, Tomorrow, Election. at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, proceed to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Williams and 'Thomas Arthington, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That, if the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, shall not be concluded Tomorrow, that they do, upon Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the }

Afternoon, proceed to the further Hearing of the Matter thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcotbe added to the Gentle- Westborough men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, Inclosure. pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Thomas Heron,

Esquire, Lord of the Manor of > in the County of Lincoln, and of several of the Land Owners and Proprietors, interested in the Open Fields, Meadows,

Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Westborough and Doddish the Manor and Parish of Westborough aforesaid.

Sir Walter Blackett reported from the Committee, to Newcastle whom the Report which was made from the Committee, upon Tyne 8 x to Ke«imcn,*c.

720 22° Februarii. . 1770*

to whom the Petition of Robert Treall, Richard James Cumings, Robert William

David Elder, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Skippers and Keelmen employed by Hoaftmen or Fitters of upon Tyne, and also

Skippers and Castors employed by Fitters of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham, in working, navigat-. ing, unloading, or delivering, Keels, upon the Rivers Tyne and Wear, on Behalf of themselves and others, Skippers, Keelmen, and Castors, so employed there, had been referred, was re-committed; and to whom the Petition of the Keelmen, Skippers of Keels, and Castors of the Port of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County of Durham, was referred; That the Committee had further considered the Matter of the first-mentioned Peti-- tion, and had examined the Matter of the second-men-

(ioned Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read. Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed,

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petitions were referred.

Pye’s Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord-Debt to the ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners for Crown. executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown from William Rye, for which they are Sureties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Speenham- Mr. Vanjittart reported from the Committee, to whom ‘®cc* the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution m *’ Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, at a General Meeting, held at The Three Tons Inn, in Charnam Street, in the County of Wilts, on the 8th Day of January 1770, and of several other Persons, residing near the said Highways, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Speenhamland and Newbury, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred j That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Acts were read; and Mr. Geo. Jones, being examined, said. That great Progress has been made in the repairing the said Roads, and that the Sum of £. 2000 has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term thereby granted be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged. And, Mr. Thomas Brunfden, being examined, said, That the Road from Speenhamland, at the East Side of the Town of Marlborough, to the Turnpike Road at the West Side of the said Town, is very much out of Repair, and cannot be amended by the Laws in being And,

Mr. Jones, being further examined, said, That if the Roads, under the Management of the present Trust, were divided into Two Districts, with distinct Funds, and separate Trustees, it would be very beneficial to that Part of the Country, and would more effectually answer the Intentions of the said Acts.

And the Witness produced to your Committee, the Minute Book of the said Trustees; whereby it appeared.

That at a general Meeting of the Trustees and others, pursuant to ari Advertisement for that Purpose, it was agreed to apply to Parliament for the above Purpose.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition; Mr. Jones said, That the Road from the Turnpike Road at Speenhamland, to a Tenement, late a Blacksmith’s Shop, being about 100 Yards, is very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and to vary and enlarge the Powers; of Two Acts, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of,

King George the First, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways, from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned: And that Mr. -Vanjittart, Mr. Craven, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as lolloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Eight hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, to the Twenty-fourth, of Jun One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, to the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Eighty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, to the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-five Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision be made, for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence during the Time they shall be absent from Home, on account of the Annual Exercise, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

The

io Geo. III. 220 — *270 F 721

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read; mbroke The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Owen, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke.

And the Counsel were called in.

And John Griffiths, Esquire, of , late High

Sheriff for the County of Pembroke, wasalfo called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded in their Evidence; and examined a Witness, to prove the Partiality of One of the Persons appointed by the Sheriff to act as his Deputy, in favour of the Sitting Member, in admitting several Persons to poll for the Sitting Member, and rejecting others under the same Circumstances who offered to poll for the Petitioner.

And also, that the said Deputy rejected several Persons who demanded to poll for the Petitioner, and who offered to take the Freeholders Oath.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner examined another Witness, in order to prove that, in several Conversations previous to the late Election, the said Sheriff had, with great Expresslons of Bitterness, declared himself an Enemy to the Person and Family of the Petitioner; and also that, in the Booth where the Sheriff presided, another Person appeared in general to decide the Rights of the Voters; and that the Decisions of the said Sheriff, and of the other Person, were, in many Instances, very partial in favour of the Sitting Member.

And another Witness was examined, in order to prove that, though Application was made to the Sheriff to go to another Booth, in order to decide the Right of a dif-puted Vote, which had been rejected by his Deputy, he never went.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner having proposed to examine several Cheque Clerks, to prove the Number of Leaseholders and Freeholders that voted at the several Booths;

The said Evidence was objected to by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, as not being admiffable to contradict: what appears on the Original Poll Book.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having been heard, in Answer to that Objection;

One of the Counsel for the Sitting Member was heard, by way of Reply.

And the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 14th Day of July 1715, relating to the Election for the County of Bedford, and also the Entry in the Journals of the House of the 20th Day of January 1710, relating to the Election for the County of Rutland, being read;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, inti-tujed, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the Electing and Returning such Members, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Counsel were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded in their Evidence; and examined the Cheque Clerks in the several Booths, to prove the Number of Freeholders and Leaseholders who voted at the said Election, and to shew that the Majority of Freeholders was in favour of the Petitioner.

And a Witness was examined, to prove that the Person who took the Poll, did, in many Instances, mark upon the said Poll, as Freeholders, several Persons who declared they voted only as Leaseholders; and, upon his being asked why he did so, he always replied, that he had Orders so to do.

Vo l.32.

They also examined a Witness, in order to prove, that a Voter, who offered to vote for the Petitioner as a Leaseholder, was rejected.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having proposed to shew, that the improved Value of the Vote so rejected was above 40 s.a Year;

The Lease under which the said Voter claimed his Right of Voting was produced, bearing Date the 10th Day of September 1747.

And Objection being mad* to the said Lease being read;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the said Lease be now read.

The Counsel were again called in; and the said Lease was read.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Counsel for the Petitioner be restrained from producing Evidence to prove that the Voter had a Freehold, entitling him to vote for a Member to serve in Parliament, in respect of the Tenement leased to him, for One or more Life or Lives in being, under the foie Consideration of the Rent reserved;

The House was moved, That an Act made in the 8th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, intituled. What fort of Men shall be C hoofers, and who shall be. chosen Knights of the Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr. Thomas Townfkend, 1

Junior, V 97.

Mr. Byng: j

Tellers for ,he NoesJ £Jr. |«9.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 27® die Februarii;

Anno io* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1770.

PR AYERS.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Bigg1efw«<fei and Freeholders, of the Town and County of Bed' &c. ford, was presented to the House, and read j Setting Road*, forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbuiy, to the Top of Alconbury Hill j and

from Bugden to Huntingdon; and from Cross Hall, to Great Stoughton Common, in the county of ; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynefbury, and Saint Neots to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane; and representing to the House, that the Road, leading from the Town of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road in Roxton Field, in the Parish of Roxton, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and in forae Parts cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and

that

722

2ja Februarii. A. 1770.

that Provision maybe made in the said Bill, for amending and widening the said Road; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Byng,

ftc.: And they are to.meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

New Romney Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wm* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elofting of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Ifew Romney, in the County of Kent, in the room of Sir Edward Dering, Baronet; who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, borough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Scawby Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Scawby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except John , Esquire, who is pof-

sessed of One Cottage and Two Roods of Land, in the Old Inclosures in the said Parish, who refused to sign the Bill; and that there are 74 Cottages, 189 Acres of Old Inclosures, 580 Acres of Car Grounds, and 79 Oxgangs and an Half, within the said Parish; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which tlrey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qtrcftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ipswich, See. A Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Road». Powers of several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the Road from Ipfwi to Cleydon, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rous, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bicester A Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from n? ader, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the RoadL^ County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl Verney, Mr. Burke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ' at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Saddington An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclosure, the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Saddington, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Saddington, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

*7

Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for discharging from Tithe certain Lands, in the Parish of Sebraham, otherwise Sebergham, in the County of Cumberland; and for making Compensation

to the Curate of the said Parish for the fame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late Maj^ly, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Briekdale, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Compton, in the Parish of Endford, in the county of 'Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Downs, within the Manor and Parish of West well, in the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Maynard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of Peace for the County of Essex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr.

. . Dance, Surveyor, being examined, said. That he had surveyed the County Gaol at Chelmsford, which is an ancient Building, and is greatly gone to Decay; and that it is absolutely necessary the same should be rebuilt.

Mr. . Reade produced to your Committee, an Order made at the last General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the said County, whereby it appeared. That it was the Opinion of the Court, that the Field, called Brick Field, in Chelmsford, was a proper Place for erecting a new Gaol; and directed, that Application should be made to Sir William Baronet,

Owner of the said Field, for the Purchase of so much thereof as should be necessary for the erecting such Gaol, with every Convenience necessary thereto; and that Application should be made to Parliament for an Act for that Purpose.

And the Witness said, That such Application hath accordingly been made to Sir William Mildmay, who hath agreed to let the County have the Land, at a ftipu* lated Price, if a more proper Place could not be found.

And Mr. Dance further said. That about an Acre and an Half of the said Ground would be sufficient for the Purpose of building the said Gaol.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Common Gaol of the County of Essex: And that Sir William Maynard, Sir Anthony Abdy, and Mr. Luther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Manor of Thornton, in Bradford Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Sebraham

Inclosure.

Cirencester

Road.

Comptoa

Indoiure.

West well Inclosure.

Essex County Gaol

Thornton

Inclosure

Dunchurch

to

Stone Bridge Road*

Warrington

and

Wigan

Road.

Poulton, &c. Small Debts.

Benniworth

Iadofure.

W interton inclosure.

Great

Kington . &c. Roads.

io Geo. III. ii° Februarii.723

Resolved, That the Bill be comniltted to Sir George Savile, Lord Strange, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Skipwithreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts now subsisting, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch, to Stone Bridge, in the County of War-

wick, was committed; That the Committee, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend Two several Acts of Parliament, for repairing, widening, and amending the Road leading from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bars in in Wigan, in the said County; and for granting a further Term for the more effectual repairing and widening the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Parishes of Boulton, Kirkham, tham, and Bijpham, and Townships of and

mine, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Sir Henry Hoghton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and incloting certain Open and Common Fields, and Grounds, within the Parish of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cot. Lord Strange, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Winterton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be*'committed to Mr. cot. Sir George Savile, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Upton, in the Parish of Ratley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Wellesbourne in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Vo*. 3a.

by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King the

Second, for repairing the lload from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Vernoti, Stc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending the Road from Welljbourn Mount-fort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Southampton, in Common Council assembled, and of several Gentlemen and others, Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending, for the better paving and cleansing the Streets and other public Passages in the said Town, and Liberties thereof, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; and that Disorders and Irregularities are frequently committed in the Night Time, in the said Streets and other public Passages, which, the Petitioners apprehend, might, in a great measure, be prevented, if the same were properly lighted and watched: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the lighting and watching the said Streets, and other public Passages, in the said Town and Liberties, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Molesworth, Mr.

See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashei, in the Parish of Crew kerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned: was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes’, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord Burgherfh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Wrotteftey reported from the Committee, to

8 Y . whom

Birmingham

thro*

Elmdoa

Road.

WelHboum

Mountfort,

Road.

Southampton

Streets.

Lyme Regia Roads.

WildenFcrry,

to

Runcorn

Cap.

Navigation.

724 27* Februa. 1770.

’whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. '

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making a navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden , in the County of

Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap; was read. And,

Brindley, the Engineer, being examined, said, That Forty Miles Open-Work of the said Canal is completed; Thirty-three from Hock Hill towards IVilden , Four Miles and a Quarter on both Sides of Hare and

Two Miles and Three Quarters on each Side of Prefion Hill.

That the Tunnel, finished at Hare Castle, is 944 Yards, and at Preston 125 Yards; that zi Locks, 60 Road- Bridges, 13 Boats, and 50 Culverts or Arches under the Canal, for carrying Brooks, Rivers, and Rivulets, under the Navigation, are finished.

That the lowest Lock, made nearest to IVilden Ferry, is opposite Burton; that there are Three below not finished; One below Swarkfton nearly finished; and that there is a Lock in some forwardness Two or Three Miles below the River Dove: That he had calculated, that the whole of the Navigation will be finished in Three Years from Christmas last. And,

Mr. — Sparrow, Clerk to the Company of Proprietors, being examined, said, That £. 130,000 was authorized to be raised by the said Act in the first Place, and £. 20,000 more if that was inefficient j that £. 86,900 has been paid into the Hands of the Treasurer, and near the Whole of it expended; and that £. 43,100 is subscribed by the Proprietors, to be paid for as the Calls are made; making together the £. 130,000. And,

Mr. Brindley, being further examined, said, That, to complete the Navigation, it will coll £. 50,000 more than the £. 150,000; and that he apprehends this Sum

will complete it; that he forms his Judgment from the Expences that have already incurred. Then,

The Agent for the Petitioners informed your Committee, That, in order to facilitate the Execution of the said Act, and make it more convenient to the Parties concerned, it is necessary to make some Amendments to several of the Provisions of the said Act; and he instanced some of them; viz. to make Transferring Shares more easy j that the Property in the said Navigation, which is now real Estate, be made Personal; to alter the Method of making Satisfaction for Damages in getting Materials; to enable the Proprietors to take Tonnage for Distances less than One Mile; to oblige Commissioners and Juries to assess the Value of the Lands and of Damages separately; to declare what Length Vessels, passing through Locks, shall be of, and what Burthen they shall carry; to alter some of the Penalties laid by the Act, relating to Satisfaction being made to Corporations in Rent, instead of a gross Sum.

And the Agent likewise informed your Committee, That Provision should be made to confirm what has been done in carrying the Navigation through the River Trent at Whichnor; to make Roads for the Convenience of Land Owners on the Outsides of the Towing Paths; to take down a certain small Building or Outhouse, at Whatcroft, in Cheshire; and that some further Powers may be necessary.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of 17

His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near IVilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap-, and for granting further Powers for that Purpose: And that Sir John Sir William Ba-

got, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads, leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hertford, to the several Places called The Half Way Ash, in the Parish of Docklow, Hereford-shire Lake, in the Parish of Whitburne, Perry Bridge, in the Parish of Stoke Bliss, leading through the several Parishes of Edwin Ralph, Cand the Hamlet of Little Kyre, Sapey Wood, in the Parish of Upper Sapey, Bishop Froome, Woofer wood Gate, and Hereford-

shire Lake, in the said Parish of Bromyard, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester, was read: And,

Mr. Wm.Barnes, beingexamined, said, That t he Tru llees

appointed to put the said Act in Execution, have caused the Money arising by the Tolls granted by the said Act to be duly applied in repairing the Roads; that the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof Hill remains unpaid, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers are continued and enlarged:

That the Trustees are rellrained from erecting a Gate nearer to that Part of the Road called Lake, than within One hundred Yards of Sapey Bridge; which has been found inconvenient, as it occasions the EvaGon of the Payment of Toll.

And further said, That the several other Roads mentioned in the Petition, are become very ruinous; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being: That it hath been agreed, that the Road, leading from Bromyard to Stoke Lacy Church, which is Part of the last mentioned Roads, and which is directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the laffc Session, shall be repaired by the Trustees acting under the said Act of the 25th of his late Majesty.

Thomas Tompkyns confirmed the said Evidence, and added. The taking the said Road from Bromyard to Stoke Lacy Church, will be a more likely Means of its being amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads, leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of H, therein mentioned; and for amending several other Roads adjoining the reto: And that Mr. Foley, Mr. Foley, Junior, and Sir Edward

Winnington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Leeds to , was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found <he same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hhn to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place i

Bromyard-

Road.

Leeds

to

Wakefield

Road*

ro Geo. III. 27 0 Februarii725

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Leeds Sir George Savtle reported from the Committee, to

» whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, jjferpool Traders and Inhabitants, residing in and near the Market Towns of Leeds, B, forty and Settle, in the County of York, and the Town or Port of Liverpool, and the several Market Towns of Colne, Burnley, Clithero, Blackburn, Preston, and kirk, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in . Council assembled, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Cleric's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of ,the first-mentioned Petition j a Survey and Plan of the intended Navigation were produced: And,

Mr. John Longbottom, being examined, said. That he had surveyed the Grounds over which the Navigation was proposed to be carried, and made that Plan; that . he thinks the Scheme practicable*-and that it will be of great "Utility to the Country, as there are Coals in some Parts, which are much wanted in others; and as it will open a safe, easy, and expeditious Communication between several trading Towns.

He also informed your Committee, That the Price Of Carriage, by the Canal, would be about Two Pence a Ton per Mile, which he apprehends, will be much cheaper than Land Carriage; but, being cross examined, as to the Distances of certain Places from each other, and the Price of Land Carriage, he owned that he could not speak particularly to either: And being asked as to the Manufacture carried on at Leyland and Ormskirk, and what Communication there was between those Towns and Liverpool ? he said, He did not know . of any.

Mr. Henry Acroyd, being examined, said, That the Price of Land Carriage from Blackbourn to is

qj. W. a Pack, or 445. a Ton; and from Burnley to rrefton, 2 s. 6d.a Pack, and the Distance 23 Miles:

That he thinks Carriage, in general, will be reduced Five Parts in Six, that is, from One Shilling a Mile to Two Pence, for a Ton of Goods; but that, in this Calculation he makes no Allowance for the Difference in Length between Land and Water Carriage; and, in regard to the Carriage between Blackbourn and,

there will still remain Four Miles Carriage to come to the proposed Canal:

That the Water Carriage will be Two Pence per Ton, including Wharfage and all other Expences, except Porterage:

That the Distance from Leeds to Liverpoole, by Land, is about 82 measured Miles, and the Price of Carriage about One Shilling a Mile fora Ton; that, by the Canal it will be io8f Miles, and the Price of Carriage Two Pence a Mile. v

Mr. Abraham Balme, being examined, confirmed Mr. Acroyd's Evidence, in regard to the Distance between Leeds and Liverpoole, both by Land and Water, and as to the Price of Carriage both Ways:

And said. That he includes the Expence of Freight and Tonnage in the 2 dper Ton, but docs not include Wharfage, Warehouses, or Porterage:

VOL. 32.

That the Wharfage is calculated at per Ton, which will be the same if Goods go the whole Length of the Canal, or ever so little a Way:

That the Course of the Canal in , will be

through a great manufacturing Country, till you come to Skipton, after which it falls off:

That Limestone is very expensive by Land Carriage, and will be cheaper by Water than the Price he mentioned.

Mr. James Brindley, being examined, said. That he had seen the Survey, and that he had gone over the whole Lands:

He delivered in an Estimate of the Expence of making the proposed Navigation, including the Purchase of Lands, amounting to £. 269,502; but he informed your Committee, that since the making of that Estimate, he had gone over Part of the Ground again, and found some Reasons for altering this Estimate ta f. 300,000, in which, he thinks, he includes every possible Expence, and that there will be Money to (pare.

Being asked. How far it would be necessary to go in order to supply the Reservoir with Water? he said. Two Miles and an Half.

Mr. Abraham Balme, being again examined, said, That upwards of £. 160,000 is already subscribed towards carrying on this Undertaking; and that, he is certain, there will not be any Want of Money.

In support of the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition;

Mr. . Gildart, being examined, produced an Agreement between Matthew Strong, Esquire, Mayor of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpoole, on Behalf of himself and the said Corporation, of the One Part, and John Huftler, of Bradford, in the County of York, Merchant, of the other Part, subject to the Controul of Parliament, That, provided a Bill shall pass for making a Canal from Leeds to Liverpoolthe said Canal shall terminate at the Sea Bank, or Clay Bank, at or near the North Ladies Walk, in Liverpoole, and there be Flocked down to the adjacent Sea Shore, or Strand, at the Expence of the Undertakers and intended Proprietors of the said Canal; and, in order that the said Canal may have a Communication with the Dock, now making on the West Side of the Town of Liverpoole, and also with the other Docks and Pier there; and that the Ships and Vessels, in the Foreign and Coasting Trade, which pay considerable Dock Duties, may not be obstruded in their Trade by the Boats or Vessels which may navigate the said Canal, taking up too much Space in the said Docks and Pier, it is agreed that the said Corporation will make a Cut or Canal, from the North End of the said Dock now constructing, alohg the Sea Strand or Shore there, to join the said Canal, at the Place where it is to be Locked down as aforesaid; and will also make a Dock and Pier necessary to support the fame, proper and sufficient for the Reception of such Boats and Vessels as shall trade on the said Canal, upon having a moderate Tonnage granted to them for defraying the Expence of making and maintaining such Jundurc, Cut, or Canal, Dock, Pier, and other Works, necessary thereto; provided Parliament shall be plealed to prolong and enlarge the present Terms and Powers heretofore granted to the said Corporation by several Acts of Parliament, so as to enable the said Corporation to make and finish the said Canal, and other Works necessary thereto.

Mr. Henry Berry produced to your Committee an Efti-

mate of the Expence of finishing the Works necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, amounting to £.19,012.9J. 8 Mr. . Spencer, being examined, said, That the Foreign and Coasting Trade at Liverpoole are so great, that it is absolutely necessary to have a new Dock, in order to prevent Foreign Ships from being incommoded.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Leeds, in the County of York, to the Sea Bank, near the North Indies

Walk,

Lewes

to

Brighton

Road.

Tamworth

Roads.

Aylesbury, See. Roads.

Biggie fwade, See. Roads.

Brandon

Bridge

to

Barton

Road.

270 Februarii. A. 1770.

Walk, in Liverpoole, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eighth Year of Queen Anne, the Third Year of King George the First, the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, and the Second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Harbour of Liverpoole: And that Sir George Sir

William Meredith, Mr. Pennant, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colonel Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the R’oad from Lewes to Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true $ and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ‘

General Vernon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of , and

other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of ford, Warwick, and Derby: And the same was received;

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Ongley presented to the House, according to Or- St. Neots der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- InHofure. mon Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde reported from the Exeter Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Street* Clergy and Freeholders, of the County of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several Gentlemen of the County of Devon, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrafted Bill for amending the Road, from Ayle/-bury, in the County of Buckingha, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Benfing-ton and Shilling/ord, in the County of Ox/ord, was read

the Third Time.

Be/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending the Road from in

the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Benfington and Shillingford, in the County of Ox/ord.

Ordered, That the Lord Wenman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing and amending the Road from wade, in the County of Bedford through Bugden and conbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cro/s Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repairing widen-

ing, turning, and altering, the Road leading out of thq aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Temps/ord, to and through Barford,

and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cro/s Hall Lane, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ongley, Mr. Whitbread, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road, from the Bridge on the old River at Barton to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte presented to the House, ac- Minehead cording to Order, a Bill for further continuing the Harbour. Terms and Powers granted and continued by Three Acts, passed in the 12th and 13th Years of William the Third, the 10th of Queen Anne, and in the 11th Year of his late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Mine-head, in the County of Somerset\ and for the more effectual carrying the said Acts into Execution: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for better regulating the Navigation Trent River of the River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, in the County of Gain( rough Derby, to Gain/borough, in the County of Lincoln, was Navigation,

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better regulating the Navigation of the River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, otherwise Cavendi/k

Bridge, in the County of Derby, to Gain/borough, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mf. Cocks reported from the Committee, to whom Sutton, &c. the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Roads. Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Sutton in the County of , through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cro/s, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Clieam, and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To provtthe Allegations of the said Petition; an Act of the 10th Year of King George the First, was read; whereby it appeared, that £. 9000 might be borrowed

oa

io Geo. III. if Februarii727

on the Tolls; and it was provided, that if at any Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-Time before the Expiration of the Act, the said£. 9,000 eighth of George the Second,; and for repairing the should be paid off, One Fourth Part of the Tolls should Road from Povey Cro/s, in the County of to the

be applied in repairing the Road from the Stones End Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Sussex; and to Sutton, and from Woodhatch, in the Parish of Reigate, also the Road from Woodhatch to Peteridge in the

to the further End of Horsehills Lane, in the Parish of County of Surrey: And that Mr. Cocks and Mr. Yorke Horley, and from the Beginning of Peteridge Lane to the do prepare, and bring in, the fame, further End of Bonehurfi alias Boners Lane, in the said

Parish of Horley. Sir Edward reported from the Committee, to King’sLynn,

Then an Act of the 10th Year of King George the whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, South Gate Second, whereby the said Acts were further continued. Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants* was read: And, who live near the several Highways, or Roads, leading

Mr. Roger Peck, Clerk to the Trustees of the Surrey from the South in the Borough of King's Lynn, into and Suffix Roads, being examined, said, That the Truf- the Parishes of East Narborough, Stoke Ferry,

tees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, had and Downham , in the County of Norfolk, was

laid out £. 2,000 in repairing the said Road, from the referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter Beginning of Peteridge Lane to the further End of of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the Boners Lane. fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read

Mr. Richard Barnes, being examined, said, There was the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in a Road for Horses, but no Road for Carriages, from at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and Woodhatch to Sidlow Mill, and through Horsehills Lane: is as followeth; viz.

And, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr,

Then an Act, made in the 28th Year of King George Robert Scarfe and Mr. Scarlet Browne, being feve-

the Second, was read: And, rally examined, said, That the Roads described in

Mr. Richard Barnes further said, That by this Act, the Petition, are in many Places so deep and founde-they were impowered to repair the Road from Sutton, by rous, and in others so narrow, as to be very unfafc for Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cro/s; not then knowing that any Travellers; and that they cannot be properly repaired Part of the said Road was included in the Act of the 10th and widened by the ordinary Course of Law. of King George the First: — Then he produced Account Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of Money borrowed, and an Account of Tolls re- repairing and widening the Roads, from the South Gate, ceived. in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes otEajt

That there was a Debt of £. 4,650 upon the Tolls. Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham

That the Annual Income of the said Tolls in the County of And that Sir Edward Aftley

was - - - £. 404 — — and Sir John Turner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And the Annual Expence, together with the I nt ere ft of the Money borrowed, Sir Edward Aflley reported from the Committee, to King’sLynn,

amounted to 486 — — whom the Petition of several Justices -of the Peace, Bad Gat*

So that the Repair of the said Roads cannot be com- Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants* pleted during the subsisting Term, nor the Money bor- who live near the several Highways or Roads leading rowed be repaid, without further Powers: from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into

That the Road from Povey Cross to the Oak, divid- the Parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the Gate

ing the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, and also the Road next on Congbam Common, in Congham, and

leading from Woodhatch to Peteridge Lane, are in a the North End of Lane in Babingly, in the

ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the or- County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee dinary Course of Law; and that the Repairing the same had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had will be of great Public Utility: That they have repaired directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to the Road from Woodhatch, through Horsehills Lane; and them, to the House; and he read the Report in his that if Power to keep the same in Repair, and of re- Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

pairing the Road leading from the Beginning of Pete- Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-

ridge Lane to the further End of Boners Lane, were eth; viz.

vested in them, it would be advantageous to the Pub- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. lie; and the Trustees under the Act of the 10th of Robert Scarfe and Mr. Scarlet Browne, being several-King George the First, have agreed to give up the said ly examined, said, That they are well acquainted with Roads to the Care of this Trust, and to allow £. 300 the Roads mentioned in the Petition, many Parts where-for the Repair of the same Roads; which Agreement of are so deep and founderous, as to be unsafe for was produced to your Committee, by the Clerk to the Passengers, and others so narrow, that Two Carriages said Trustees, who said, That the said Trustees were, cannot pass each other; and that the said Roads cannot not impowered to carry the said Agreement into Exe- be properly repaired and widened by the Laws in being, cution, without the Authority of Parliament. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, from the East Gate, enlarging the Term granted by an Act of the Twenty- in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing Geyton and , and to the Gate next Hillington,

and widening the Road from Sutton in the County of on Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, Lane, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Edward to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, Aflley, Mr. De Grey, and Sir John Turner, do prepare, and over Howell Hill, to Ezvell, and also the Road from, and bring in, the fame.

Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble

Hill, in the said County; and for impowering the Truf- A Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant the Inberi- Cofliam tees appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of his late tance in Fee Simple of the Manor of Cosham, in the Manor. Majesty, King George the First, for repairing several County of Wilts, with its Rights, Members, and Ap-Roads in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, to make a purtenances, now held under a Demise by Letters Patent Yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the said under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and Trust for Paul Methuen, Esquire, unto the said Paul for taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Truf- Methuen, and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Con->tees appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George sideration to be paid for the same, was read a Second the First, and putting them under the Direction of the Time.

Vol. 32.

Alhbury

Inclosure.

tJppineham

Inclosure.

Tye’s J)cbt to the Crown.

American

Colonies.

New Sarum Poor.

728

2 70 Febru

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 7th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Congreve presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ashbury, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of the Common Fields, in the Parish of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound With William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown from William Pye, for which they are Sureties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 8th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Establishment of the Judges of the Admiralty in North tAmerica, and of the several Officers under them, with their respective Salaries.

And the Title of the said Establishment was read.

Ordered, That the said Establishment do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Establishment is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens and Over-Leers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum, and also of several of the Principal

1770.

Inhabitants of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; several Members present informed your Committee, ThatAfo*/ Sarum, eonfifts of Three Parishes, Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin; that the Poor are maintained out of the Collections, by an equal Number of Rates, and a like Mode of Rating in each Parish, assessed by the respective Officers of the Three Parishes.

That this Method has been found beneficial to the City, as it prevents Suits relating to the Settlement of the Poor; and, if it should be changed, would be very detrimental to the City, and would bring a heavy Burthen on the poorer Parishes.

But that it is apprehended, that it is not practicable to continue the present Mode of Collection, without the Authority of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for consolidating the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Hujfey, of Salisbury> and Mr. Harris, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Speer, from Civil Lilb the Treasury, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty of the ill Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of all the Civil List Expences which incurred, or became due, in Eight Years, commencing the ill Day of January 1751, according to the Establishments and other Appointments then in Use; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of all the Civil List Expences which incurred, and became due, between the ift Day of January and the 31st of December, in every Year, since His Majesty’s Accession to the Throne, to the 31st of December 1768, according to the Establishments and other Appointments then in Use; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Cora Trade: vennight, the 6th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade.

Art

1

VOL.

An ACCOUNT ©fall the CrnL Liir Esnitcff, which Incurred or became due let 8 Years, commencing the sft U*y or January 1751* according to

then in Use j distinguishing each Year.

tfor the Year which commenced ^hc iff January 1751. 1752. 1753* *754* 1755- 1756. *757 1758.

£ ' * £ d. £ ' d. £ s. d. £ j. d. £ s. d. £ j. d. £ s. d.

18,300 — — >9.533 6, 8 *o.533 6 8 22,000 — - — 22,000 — — 26,800 — — 40,000 — — 40,000 — —

7,000 — 7,000 — 7,000 — — 7,000 — — 7,000 — — 7,000 — — 7,000 — —

5,000 — 5,000 — - 5,000 — 5 POO — — 5,000 — — 5 poo — — 5 POO — — 4,9*3 15 i°i

15,000 — I 5,000 — 15,000 — 15,000 — — 15,000 — — 15,000 — — 15,000 — — X5,000 — —

15,867 7 x 15,867 7 X 15,867 7 1 15,867 7 1 . 15,867 7 1 15,867 7 l '5.593 15 7 -

I2.2C6 »7 u

n.443 '3 7 10,969 3 4 10,495 >6 4 9,755 ’5 2 8.328 14 7 8,071 8 7 7.676 5 61 7. *58 X 9!

3,040 9 9 1,992 1 5 *,899 13 1 3*434 16 7 3 >°94 18 Si *,957 IX 9 2,962 *9 3i 3.267 17 2i

56,634. 13 4 63,026 4 5 62,840 7 5 68,661 4 3 56,662 16 »i 52,283 19 8 56,502 3 *i 49,2 80 1 9 k

97.880 7 ji 100,^89 2 8i 102,036 c 8 102,177 11 9 106,218 16 9 *05,815 6 si *11,17+ 5 107,520 19 —

22,912 13 8 23,684 IX 9r *3*537 18 ui 22,507 8 3? 21,364 — 71 21,400 3 IO 22,685 I7 7i *3.*>9+ 10 3l

7.380 5*3*0 — — 9*35° — — 12,100 — 5.855 15 6 7,42o — — 7.490 — 6,9r5 18 —

6,000 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — 6,000 — 6,000 — — 6,000 6,000 — —

5,920 10 XI 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 5,78* *4 9i 6,000 — 6,000 — —

40,000 — — 8,000 — —

21 poo — 44,000 — — 52,000 — 38,000 — — 30,000 — . — 20,000 — — 30,000 — —

10,000 — — 30,000 — — -

36,000 — — 36,000 — — 36,000 — — 36,000 — 36,000 — — 36,000 — — 36,000 ... — 36,000 — —

768 10 — 876 14 — - - 2,001 7 — 1,091 16 — 33* 3 — - . _ 768 10 —

84.339 *0 *i 80,570 4 3i 73.13* *4 9 92,998 1 6* 147.637 2 6 137,279 16 — *30,947 12 108,024 X Hi

103,462 17 6\ 100,319 13 Si 101,699 9 10 104,085 1 IO! *02,7*5 16 9 107,208 12 6 107,615 16 *i 107,184 7 si

49.479 *8 H 49,589 18 xof 52,724 — 10 5*>94* 4 i 53*7*9 6 6 60,260 19 — 62,554 X 7 54,539 3 7i

21 ft 10 I IO 17,162 19 3 14.145 3 15*537 3 4 *7,983 19 2 14,370 11 11 15,963 18 4 17.920 12 —

3.385 " 7} 586 19 — 3,60314 9 3»I91 15 *1 3, '96 12 5 3,477 10 7k 3»3S2 14 9 3,*32 IO 9l

31,506 7 9* 31,179 7 9$ 28,446 4 8f 30,386 ui 3'.°43 18 *i 30,903 10 — 33,5H 14 ui 32,224 15 7

12,000 — — 14,204 11 n| ,4,000 — — 12,000 — — 15,000 — — 13,000 — — 15,000 — — x 2,000 — —

1,837 '+ 8 *.473 5 3 2,797 11 4 i*344 3 4 2,675 18 5 5,824 4 9 4,745 9 4 4.583 3 —

40,989 3 2{ 41,878 5 4 40,844 5 4 38,914 5 4 39.574 6 — 39,506 *5 4 41,145 17 2 40,418 5 1

695,626 5 I 685,713 16 7l 698,053 7 i 736,904 8 — I 767,03* 5 7k 767,621 *5 4 803,922 10 *>! 735.653 11 4

10,000 — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — x 0,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — —

40,000 — 40,000 — — 40,000 — — 40,000 — — 40,000 — — 40,000 — — 40,000 — — 40,000 — —

4,510 4,51° — — 4.5*0 — — 4,5*° — — 4,510 — — 4,51° — — 4,510 — — 4,5*0 — —

_ 5,000 — — 5,000 — — 5,000 — — 5,000 — — 5,000 — — 3,750 — — 3.361 H 3 5,000 — —

2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — 2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — —

2,276 2,276 — — 2,276 — — 2,276 — — 2,27-6 — — 2,276 — — 2,276 — — 2,276 — —

759.41* 5 749*499 16 7i 761,839 7 nl 800,690 8 830,8*7 5 7k 830,157 15 4 866,070 5 *i 799*439 IX 4

Charges incurred and become due at the Exchequer, and also including such as have been satisfied out of any of the Extra Revenues, &c.

For his Royal Highness George Prince of Walest and for Prince Edward -For the Pnncefs Dowager of Wales -For they:Rrincefs Royal - -

For the Duke of Cumberland --For thV;PHiiceffes Amelia and Caroline For the Pnncefs Amelia -

For thV*l&e Queen’s Servants -

For Salaries and Allowances, on Account of Richmond Lodge

For Foes and Salaries -

For Pensions and Annuities

To several Persons as of his Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty -

For the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -

For Secret Service, to His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State

D° - . - - to John Scrope, Esquire -

D° - - - to James West, Esquire -

D® . - to Nicholas Hardinge, Esquire.

For His Majesty’s Privy Purse -

For Jewels, or Presents, in lieu thereof, to Ministers from Abroad For Contingencies of divers Natures ....

At the Office of the Cofferer of His Majesty’s JHoufhold -

D® - - of the Treasurer of the Chamber.

D® - - of the Great Wardrobe -

D° - of the Robes -

D® - - of the Works -

D® of the Mailer of the Horse, for Extraordinaries of his]

Majesty’s Stables .....j

D° of the Jewel Office, for Plate -

D® - - of the Paymaster of his Majesty’s Pensions and Bounties

At the Excise Office, to the Pnncefs Dowager of Wales -A, p_ftCTo the Princess Dowager of Wales -

For Disbursements by the Secretary of the Poll Office ’ I For the Lord High Chancellor -

At the Alienation Office, for the Hanaper in the Court of Chancery For the Farmer of the Poll Fines, in Defalcation of Rent

TOTALS.

209,166

M-366

39»9*3

120.000 n°>79 7

12,206 75,898

23>55°

465,891

833,112

181,987

61,821

48.000 47»703

48.000

235.000

40.000

288.000

5,838

854,928

834»29i

435,809

134,294

a5>927

249,201

107,204

26,281

3*3*33*

/ d. *3 4 *3 4 *5 ">i

& t

17 *

l3 ii| 7 7 10 9I >4

5 — i

5 n

5,890,527

80,000

320,000

36,080

37,1,1 r6,oooo x 8,208

*4

o

O

w

o

4 *f >5 7f 3 »i 19 1

9 ‘i

19 ui 11 11}

IO X

9*

1 — J

>4 3

K>

'-J

r

6,397,916 15 3i

Memorandum; The Deputy Auditor of the Exchequer having repeatedly declared the Impossibility of making out an Account of the Civil List Expence9, which incurred and became due at that Office for the above 8 Yean; therefore the Lords of the Treasury directed, that the same should be made out in the bell Manner possible from the Entries in the Treasury Books. — The Treasurer of the Chamber having informed their Lordships, that from want of Materials in his Office, no Account can be made up of the Charge during the same Time; the above Charge inserted in this Account, is therefore the Amount of the several Sums craved by the then Treasurer? of the Chamber for those Years, and which were actually paid upon their Memorials to the Treasury. — The Mailer of the Horse not having any Accounts in his Office to enable him to make out the Charge there, the same hath been done in respect to the Expence of that Office as in that of the Treasurer of the Chamber. — The other Charges are taken from the Accounts transmitted to the Treasury from the several other Offices above mentioned.

Aa it is impossible to make an Annual Account from the ill of January to the 31st of January^ therefore this Account is made up for 8 complete Years, commencing from the ift of January in the Year 1751.

Presented this 27th Day of February 1770, by

W. Speer.

VO

g

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

n

o

c§

FT

Aw ACCOUNT of all the CivrL List Expences, which incurred and became due between the id Day of January and the 31st Day of December, in every Year, since His Majesty’s AcCession to the Throne, to

the 31st Day of December 1763, according to the Establishments and oilier Appointments then in Use; distinguisiring each Year.

U>

O

Charges incurred and become due at the Exchequer, and also including such as have been satisfied out of any of the Extra Revenues, &c.

To Her Majesty the Queen To the Princess Dowager of Wales -To the Duke of York To Prince William and Prince Henry To Prince Henry and Prince Frederick To Prince Henry Duke of Cumberland To Prince William Duke of Gloucester For the late Queen’s Servants For Salaries and Allowances, on Account of Richmond Lodge To Foreign Ministers, on their ordinary and extraordinary Allowances For Fees and Salaries -For Pensions and Annuities - -

To several Persons, as of His Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty To the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -For Secret Service, to His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State For D° - - to James West, Esquire

For D° - - to Samuel Martin, Esquire

For D° - to Charles Jenkinson, Esquire

For D° - - to William Mellish, Esquire - -

ForD° - - to Charles Lowndes, Esquire

ForD° - - to Grey Cooper, Esquire -

F#r D° - - to the Secretary of the Pod Office

For His Majesty’s Privy Purse -

For Jewels, or Presents in lieu thereof, to Ministers from Abroad For Contingencies of divers Natures -

At the Office of the Cofferer of the Houshold - -

D* - - of the Treasurer of the Chamber.

D* - - of the Great Wardrobe

D° - of the Robes - -

D° - - of the Works -

Da of the Matter of the Horse -

D° - - of the Jewel Office, for Plate

D® - - of the Paymaster of His Majesty’s Pensions and Bounties

A, ,h. p.« o*«, {E .:

At the Alienation Office, for the Hanaper in the Court of Chancery

L

In the Year ended the 31 d December 1761. 3id Deer. 1762. 3id Deer. 1763. 31st Deer. 1764. 3id Deer. 1765. 31 d Deer. 1766. 31st Deer. 1767. 31st Deer. *768. Totals.

£ s. d. £ d. d. £ S. d. £ d. £ / d. £ s. d. £ /. d. j- r. d.

9>42S 5 9 44.856 6 5 50,000 — — 50,000 — — 50,000 — — 50,000 — — 50,000 — — 50,000 — — 364,281 12 2

10,000 — 10,000 — — . 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 80,000 — —

12,000 — — 12,000 — — 1 2,000 — — 12,000 — — I 2,000 — — 12,000 — — 6,388 18 - - - . 78,388 18 i

SOOOO — — 8,000 — — 8,000 — 8,000 — — 8,000 40,000 — —

6,217 7 9 6,217 7 9

2,120 *3 9 9,000 — — 9,000 — — 20,120 *3 9

- - - - . - - . *>*4* 7 7 12,000 — — 12,000 — — 9.043 2 1 9,000 — — 43.284 9 8

6.737 18 81 4,856 3 4l 4.853 2 3l 4»322 1 1 4,496 16 -i 4»247 4 7 4»i *0 <4 — 3 *3 7° — i‘i 36.99+ — *i

502 18 S02 18 —

80.537 *3 Si 81,542 12 9 94,879 *8 Si *5* 957 16 1 88,392 3 7f 86,971 *4 i 88,1*7 11 2* 89,159 1 4r 695,628 11 af

116,363 5 1\ 118,674 10 — I 113*4*5 l8 115,667 13 2r 114,566 1 3l 112,847 12 6i 112,582 11 71 *3*734 14 8* 917,852 7 9f

33.695 8 3* 35-455 >9 2 35.694 11 6 36*425 *4 7 35.87* — IO 32,969 11 2 33,436 2 io{ 36,912 4 7 280460 12 *i

20,905 11 6i *5.857 5 — 5. *60 — — 11,787 — 5,230 — — 27,852 *3 — 6,787 8 *1 6,904 *3 — IOO484 10 7i

6,000 — — 6,000 — 6,000 — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 48,000 — —

6,000 — — 6,000 — — 5.833 2 91 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 8,708 7 1 5°, 54* 9 I0i

40,000 — — 20,000 — — 60,000 — —

- - - 35»oooo — — 16,000 — — 51,000 —

- - - - - 5,000 — — 5,000 — —

8.445 12 — 8,425 12 —

15,000 — — 9,000 - 24,000 — —

8,000 — — 28,000 — — 36,000 — —

6,042 *3 — 6,088 *9 — 6.355 I — 6*461 — — 6,461 — — 6,566 — — 6,605 8 — 6.7*3 12 — 5*303 *3 —

48,000 — 48,000 — 48,000 — — 48,000 — — 48,000 — — 48,000 — — 48,000 — 48,000 — — 384,000 — —

1,046 1 6 2,028 13 — 4.5*5 9 6 3*735 10 — *»737 5 6 *753 10 — 3,410 4 — 2,06s 8 — 2>.'9S 1 6

*35.047 6 81 142.974 10 *i 126,256 2 1 98,346 4 5i H9»542 i 4f 126,615 2 3* 95*1*9 3 a* 91,627 L2 ni 935.518 3 11

871*35 *7 9i 85,008 18 3i 85,726 *3 -4 90,033 5 7 93.733 12 4 105,652 *4 6 9^*359 1 — -i 109,342 7 5 755*092 9 ti

63* 539 17 3 68,111 8 11 63,885 16 *i 61,037 11 2 V 60,925 11 3 61,447 *4 11 58,315 *9 *£ 59,557 3 si 496,82 I — i

45*797 3 3 29,848 11 3 20,840 9 1 20,379 10 . 1 20,219 1 5 17,888 — 8 24,014 *5 7 21,370 JO 1 I 200,358 8 3

8,697 5 61 4.80410 5 4.341 19 Ilf 4,106 *4 9* 4,124 4 3f 3,865 1 7i 4,338 11 4* 4*069 18 81 38,3+8 *5 81

34.263 5 Si 47*943 — 81 45.970 4 81 46.145 4 4S-7*8 5 5l 4*.776 11 — 40.645 >5 ioi 40,481 *4 4 342.954 1 6

13,636 12 >1 14,916 8 4$ *4.956 8 81 14,419 18 3* 21,844 1 7l 17,282 15 7 15,267 *7 3* 15.791 *3 6$ 128,115 *5 Si

47.*38 2 IO 11*251 — i 15,968 4 2,122 *5 6,706 13 5 9.43* 16 4 6,389 6 8 8.262 *4 5 107,270 *3 1

5°>°53 10 — 51.677 14 8 53.8*7 10 3 54»49 1 9 54.*78 15 9 54,693 *9 7 55>3°4 18 1 55*99* *7 11 430.209 5

900,665 16 81 911*797 1 81 857.470 12 *1 796,680 4 8} 844,182 6 *i 879,200 3 si .814,307 9 -1 834.077 1 33 6,838,380 *5 i

10,000 — 10,000 — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 80,000 —

12,000 — — 12,000 — 12,000 — — 1 2,000 — — 1 2,000 . — — 12,000 — — 12,000 — — I2yOOOO — — 9$,oooo — —

40,000 — — 40,000 — — 40,000 — — 40,000 — 40,000 — — 40,000 — 40,000 — 40,000 — — 320,000 — -r*

15,000 — — 15,000 — - — 15,000 — — I 5,000 — — 11,465 10 4 7 >.465 10 4

2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — 2,000 2,000 1,000 16,000 — ""

979.66316 81 990*797 1 81 936,470 12 ai 875,680 4 81 919.647 16 5.1 943,200 3 Si 878,307 9 — 898,077 1 3! 7,421,846 5 7l

Memorandum: The Deputy Auditor of the Exchequer having repeatedly declared the Impossibility of making out an Account of the Civil Lid Expences, which incurred and became due at that Office for the above 8 Years; therefore the Lords of the Treasury directed that the same should be made out in the best Manner possible from the Hntries in the Treasury Books; and the Treasurer of the Chamber having informed their Lordships, that there are no Accounts remaining in hia Office antecedent to the 5th of July 176a, the I>eficicncy it here suppfied by adding the Amount of the Sums craved by the Treaforers of the Chamber for One Year and Half pre* ceding that Time, f

Presented this 27th Day oI February 1770, by — __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Speer*

27° Februarii. 1770.

s

10 Geo. III. Februari 731

American

Golouict.

African

Company.

Pembroke

Eit&ion.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed. That Mr. Tmkynsi from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all Glass, Paper, China Ware, and Painters Colours, exported from England, to the British Colonies in America, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1769; distingu idling each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House*

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Camplin, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, Anno 1768, The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence under its proper Title."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will now proceed to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Owen, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke.

The House accordingly proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And the Counsel were called in.

And John Griffiths, Esquire, of CUnderwen, late High Sheriff for the County of Pembroke, was also called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded in their Evidence; and examined a Witness, in order to prove the partial Behaviour of One of the SherifPs Deputies in Favour of the Sitting Member; and that, though, at the Close of the Poll, the Sheriff was informed of the different Rules that had been observed by his Deputies in their Decisions on the disputed Votes in the several Booths, and was desired to grant a Scrutiny, he refused the fame.

Then another Witness was examined, in order to prove, that One of the Deputies rejected a great Number of Persons who offered to poll for the Petitioner, under Pretence that the Persons from whom they held their Leases had no Power to grant such Leases; and that the said Deputy appeared to act as the Friend of the Sitting Member.

He was also examined as to the Refusal of a Scrutiny by the Sheriff, at the Close of the Poll.

And a Witness was examined, to prove, that the said several Persons so rqjefted did offer to take the Freeholders Oath.

Then several Witnesses were examined, in order to prove, That One of the Deputies of the said Sheriff had, before the Election, made Application to a Person to vote for the Sitting Member; and that afterwards, when the same Person offered his Vote for the Petitioner, the said Deputy, then presiding in the Booth, receded his Vote, without giving any Reason for so doing.

And the several Cheque Clerks were examined, to shew the Number of Voters that had been rejected, who offered to vote for the Petitioner and the Sitting Mem* ber.

VOL. 32.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner having proposed to produce Evidence, to disqualify several of the Voted which had been admitted on the Poll for the Sitting Member, and to establish several who had offered to poll for the Petitioner, and had been rejected;

The Cotinfel on both Sides were directed to with* draw*

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed. That the Counsel do confine themselves at present to the Conduct of the High Sheriff and his De* puties, and the Manner of their Proceeding at taking the Poll i

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth;

Tellers for the Yeas, \su

f Mr. Tkomds ToilonJheHd, 1 Tellers for the Noes,< Junior* >83.

(Mr. Byiig. J

So it passed in the Negative*

Then the main Question being put, That the Coun* fel do confine themselves at present to the Conduct of the High Sheriff and his Deputies, and the Manner of their Proceeding at taking the Poll;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j G }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Counsel were again called in; and Mr* Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again di* reded to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Pc« tition be adjourned till Ihwrfday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again di* reded to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Thitrfday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read J Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 8th Day of March next.

Ordered, That the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County Borough of Carmarthen, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Sevennight, the 6th Day of March next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Cireocedef

Election.

Carmarthen

Election.

73-2

Great

Kington,

Sec.

Roads.

Dunchurch

to

Stone Bridge Road.

Littleport,

Sec.

Roads.

28° FebruarjL 1770;

Mercurii, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii III*41 Regis, 1770. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Upton, in the Parish of Rat ley, to the North End'of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Welljbourne Hastings in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from Upton, in the Parish of Ratty, to the North End of Bridge Stfeet, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Welljbourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipzvith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts now subsisting, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts now' subsisting, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham, and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Stretham Feriy, in the County of Cambridge; and also another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the aforesaid Act, and for repairing and widening, and making, several other Roads adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired and widened by the said Act, and also of divers other principal Inhabitants of Ely, Sutton, Wilburton, Wentworth, Mepall, and Littleport, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, Southery, Hilgay, Fordham, Denver, and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said

Acts were read: And.....Morley, Esquire, and Mr.

Isaac Cockran, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, and the Public in general have received great Benefit thereby; and that if a Road was made from the Turnpike Road in Littleport aforesaid, over the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Scotteris Ferry, and from thence to Down-ham, and from Downham, to a Place called the Chequer Corner; and if a Bridge was erected over the Ouze at Scotten's Ferry in Littleport, and another over Brandon River, at the Creek's End, for the Purposes aforesaid; and also a Road from the Turnpike Road at Gibbet

Hill, in the Isle of Ely, to Erith, in the County of Huntingdon; and another from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Wilburton, across Grunty Fen, to a House in the Occupation of Love Owen, in the Parish of Mepall, in the said Isle of Ely, the same would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of that Part of the Country, and of public Utility; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Provisions in Two Acts passed in the Third and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing* the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to* Littleport, and to the Bank of The Hundred Foot River, and other Roads therein mentioned, to the Road from Gibbet Hill to Erith, and from the House of George Farrin to the House of Love Owen, and for making other Provision for repairing the said Road from Ely to Littleport, and to the Bank of The Hundred Foot River, and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from Littleport, to Chequer Corner, in Downham, in the Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Jenytis, and the Marquis of Granby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde reported from the Exeter Committee, to whom the Report which was made from High Street, the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Devon, was referred, was re-committed; and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen of the County of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions; Two Members present informed the Committee, that they know the present Way from the High Street in the City of Exeter to the Castle, where all public Courts of Judicature are held for the said County; that the said Way is very steep and dangerous, so narrow that Two Carriages cannot pass each other, and very incommodious for Foot Passengers.

That the opening and making a new Road or Way from the High Street, through Part of Castle Lane, and through certain Lands and Grounds of Philip Drake,

Esquire, and others, to and cross a Lane leading to the New Buildings, and from thence to the said Castle, would be more convenient and commodious for all Persons referring to the Castle upon Business,. and of Public Utility; and that they apprehend the same may be done at a much less Expence, than to repair and widen the present Way from the said High Street to the said Castle. — They then produced a Plan of the present Way, and of the Way proposed to be opened and made; and added, That the Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, are willing to undertake the opening and making of the said proposed New Road or Way, and to defray the Expence thereof out oft the County Stock; but that they cannot do it unless they are authorized by Parliament, and inverted with Powers for that Purpose. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, to apply a Sum of Money, out of the County Stock, for the opening, making, and maintaining, a convenient and commodious Highway, from the High Street in the City of Exeter, to the Castle of Exeter:

And that Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Parker, and Mr. Graves, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for building a Workhouse, for the Liberty of Saffron Saffron-Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, 01 was read a Second Time.

Rtfofved,

Ho

r

St. Andrew, Hofborn, Workhouse.

Wynll Heath Inclosure.

New

Chappel,

&c.

Hoad.

Souldrop

Inclosure.

Leeds

to

Wakefield

Road.-

Menclip

Inclosure.

io Geo. III.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Burke, Mr. Serjeant Gtyjin, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Parishioners of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase a Workhouse, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Burke9 Mr. Cornzvally &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Amcotts presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Wyvill Heath, in the Lordship of Wyvill cum Hungerton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received -> and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappel, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Litchling B of hills, in the said County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6.1.16. To leave out " alone, or Real and Personal Estate together."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do {5afs: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappel in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bofihills, in the said County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Souldrop, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ongley, Mr. Whitbread, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act: made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act: made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel La/celles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, or Trad of Ground, Parcel of Mendip, in the Parishes of East Cranmore and West Cranmore, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trues and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they

Vol. 32.

in

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill to continue Two Acts of the Third and Seven- South Mims teenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for Road*

repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. flun mer, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Bottesford Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Incl°filrc« Lands, within the Parish of Bottes/ord, including the Hamlets of Eafihorpe and Normanton, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel St. Leger, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the fe* Com Trade, veral Merchants, Maltsters, and Ship Owners, from that Part of the Sea Coast, in the County of Norfolk, that lies between the Borough of King's Lynn and the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the said County, which was pre* fented to the House upon Thursday the 1 ft Day of this Instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confix deration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the prefenc State of the Coni Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward La/celles be added to the West Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Heflerton Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Boynton hdofure. Langley, Esq\iire, Lord of the Manor of West Hefierton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and also Owner of divers Messuages, Cottages, Oxgangs of Land and Tenements, within the said Manor, and of Barnard Foord, Esquire, Henry Foard, Clerk,* Rector of the Reo tory of West Hefierton aforesaid, Joseph Kerr, Clerk, John He/p, Ralph Wallis, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of other Estates and Hereditaments there.

Mr. Edward La/celles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pasture, and other Uninclosed Grounds within the Township of West Hefierton, and Parish of Yeddingham, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the fe- North veral Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Lands, . in the Manor of North Littleton, in the County of Worcester, which was presented to the House upon the Eighth Day of this Instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dowdeswtll

a 8° Februarii.

734 28" Februarii. 1770.

Dowdeswell and Mr. Wha do prepare, and bring in, the-lame.

1

Plymouth The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord* Street. ing to Order, a Bill for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Scotland} Ordered ', That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Improvement encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and of Lands. Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of drift Entail: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Lord Frederick Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Denton Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according

ladofure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several

Open Fields, Copses, and Commonable Ground, within the Parish of Denton, otherwise Parva, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

BritUb A Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum. being offered to be presented to the House}

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners represented to Parliament, that the Sum allowed for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum, was reduced to a Capital of £. 30,000 Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £. 900, was, notwithstanding their utmost'Attention to the forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose; upon which Representation, they obtained a Grant of a further Sum of £. 2,000; and upon like Applications in the Fourth and Sixth Yean of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Trustees obtained Grants of the further Sums of £. 2,000 each' of these 'Years for the fame* Purpose; which Sums, together with the Produce of the said £. 30,000, are so far spent, that what remains is not sufficient to defray the Expences of the current Year; and that, though Major Eds Legacy is fallen in, and has been paid, yet, as that Money and the Interest and Produce thereof are by Act of Parliament appropriated for particular Purpo’fes, the same cannot be applied to-

wards the current and necessary Expences of the House:

And#therefore praying the House, to grant them such further Support, towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trust repoled in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall lcetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of African Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- Company, fented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read}

Setting forth. That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Sum granted for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, for extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and that they have inverted the Money granted in One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, for the Support and Maintenance of the several Forts and Settlements on the said Coast, and likewise the Money granted for the Repairs of Cape Coast Castle; and that the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast having been delivered to the Petitioners in a very bad State by the Royal African Company, and the Sums annually granted by Parliament being nearly expended in the Maintenance and Pay of the several Garrisons, with other necessary Charges, leaving very little for the Repairs of the said Forts, many of them still remain in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Petitioners, being sensible of the Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, therefore pray the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum for the necessary Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, and likewise for the Repairs still wanted, as to them shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Ma- African jesty’s Command, Settlement.

A Paper, intituled, Establishment for " for One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth , viz.

A

io Geo. Ill

28" Februarii.

735

Answer to

Address

for

Accounts*

Ways tod Means*

Accounts;

Dispositioa of Grants.

Navy Debt.

Exchequer

fills.

ESTABLISHMENT for , for the Year 1770.

SALARIES. Chief Justice - - - - Secretary of the Province - - - - . Superintendants of Trade ------- Two Ministers -- ------ A Schoolmaster - -- --Moorifk Interpreter - -- -Agent for the Province - per Annum.

lytOO 400 200 — 200 200 — 5° ICO — — 200 —

CONTINGENCIES. r

An Armed Cutter, for Defence of the Traders in the River - - - - -Duties, Presents, &c. to the Black Princes, and for Contingent Expences of the Province - 1,000 2,000

Total - - £. 5,550

Ordered, That the said Paper do He Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord North reported to the House, That their Address of fVedneJday last, that the Accounts therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Refohedy That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1769 have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it Hood on the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out

VoL.3a.

by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Civil List Expences which were incurred, or became due, between 5th Day of January 1769, and 5th Day of January 1770, according to the Establishment and other Appointments then in Ufej

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Toilers for the Yess, f <j^tdf, ] r6j.

Tellers for the Noes, j j

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refohedy That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 9th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread have Leave to make a Motion; it being near Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Town and County of Bedford, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

, B

Motion Address fot Account; Civil List.

State of the Nation.

Supply.

Biffllefivade,

See.

Road*.

I. Marl'd. A. 1770.

Jovts, i° die Martii;

Anno io# Georgii III*11 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

Brandon a N ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road, from the

"',7' J\ Bridge on the old River at Barton to Brandon

Barton Bridge, in the County of was read the Third

Road. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road, from the Bridge on the old River at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Seawby An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. open Fields and Common Pastures, in the ParHli of Seawby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Seawby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Martin Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to Or- " der, a Bill for building a Workhouse in the Parish of or iou e. yfarfin , H the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the county of : And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Oxford

to

Cdrcntry

Canal.

Worksop,

Sec*

Roads.

Normanton upon Soar IncMurc.

Macclesfield, Sc c. Road.

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Willoughby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill, to the great Northern Road at South ham, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Willoughby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Open, Common, and Waste Lands in the Parish of Normanton upon Soar, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Chester and Derby, residing near and usually travelling the High Road therein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. Nathan Jackson was examined, who said, That the Road described in the Petition is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incomrao-21

dious; and cannot be repaired and widened, by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road, from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randall Cart Lane Head, in Ferni/le, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith: And that Mr.

Clarke and Lord George Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, tire lame.

A Petition of the Coalheavers working on the River. Coalbeavers.* Thames was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, fora Number of Years, laboured under the greatest Hardships, through the cruel Impositions of a Set of Men, who call themselves Coal Undertakers, who have obliged the Petitioners to give them a very great Part of what they earn, in order to obtain Employment from them; by which Means their Wives and Children have been reduced to starving; and in case of Sickness or Death, the Undertakers have never contributed to their Relief, but left them a Burthen to the several Parishes where they reside; and that these Coal Undertakers, are, in their Profession, an unnecessary Body of Men; and that the Coal Trade can be better carried on without them, by an Office properly established by Parliament: And therefore praying the House, to take their same into Consideration, and cause an Amendment to be made to an Act of Parliament, palfed in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, for their Relief and Regulation, which Act has been found to be deficient, and ineffectual to answer the Purposes of protesting the Petitioners from the Impositions they labour under; and that such an Amendment of the said Act may be made as the House shall judge necessary, to enable the Petitioners to enjoy the Fruits of their Labour, without being imposed on by a Set of mercenary Men, which, the Petitioners presume, has been the Occasion of all the Disturbances that have happened where the Petitioners reside.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Kynaf ton, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber > and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde presented to the Exet« House, according to Order, a Bill to empower the High Street! Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon to apply a Sum of Money out of the County Stock, for the opening, making, and maintaining, a convenient and commodious Highway, from the High Street in the City of Exeter, to the Castle of Exeter: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Eaton Bridge, whom the Bill for the repairing, widening, and keeping through in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road, at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of terham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsfield, to the Village of Tit fey, over heath, and Walsingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godfiomr, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon

the

J

io Geo. III. ia Mar tit. 737

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Clyde Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, Bridge. to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Town of , in the County of

Lanark, was referred} That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee,' to whom the said Petition was referred.

Dhto. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read } Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, that Application is making to the House, for Leave for a Bill for building a Bridge across the River , at or near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark; and that, in the said Town of Hamilton, through which the Road is to pass to the said Bridge, there are several Obstructions, by Stairs, Buttresses, and other Annoyances, which it will be necessary to remove; and that it will be further necessary to remove and take away a certain Turnpike Gate, now erected at the East End of the said Town of Hamilton: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made for the above Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Brampton Mr. Hotham reported from the Committee, to whom ludofure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, within the Manor or Lordship of Brampton, in the Parish of Longmarton, in the County of Westmorland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, who could not be found, whose Property within the said Manor amounts to about Three Pounds a Year} and that the Value of all the Lands within the said Manor is about Four hundred Pounds a Year;) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. *

A Chuse was offered to be added to the Bill, for settling the Boundaries.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, appointing Arbitrators to determine Differences which may arise with respect to the Boundaries.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Radcliffe reported from the Committee, to whom St. Alban’*,

the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Three Acts, passed in the First Year or the 04 Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the Eighth and Twenty-fourth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways, through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said Acts were read: And Mr. William Kentish, Clerk and Surveyor to the Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution, being examined, said, That the Trustees have made a great Progress in repairing the said Roads. —

And he produced an Account of the Money now owing on the Credit of the said Acts, amounting to/. 1,900.

That the said Roads are, in many Places, dill in a ruinous Condition, occasioned, as he apprehends, by their being too narrow.

That’ it will be necessary to turn the said Roads, in some Places, in order to make the same commodious:

But that the same cannot be done, and the Money borrowed paid off, unless the said Acts be further continued, and further Provisions made by Parliament for those Purposes.

Mr. John Cowper, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Three Acts, for repairing the Highways through the Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Albans, Saint Peter, Shenley,

Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex: And that Mr. Radcliffev Mr. Phtmer, and Mr. Richard Sutton, do prepare, and bring m, the fame.

A Petition of the Chief Magistrates, Gentlemen, Plymouth Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Freeholders, Free- Harbour, men, and Electors of the several Boroughs of,

Beeralfton, and Oakhampton> in the County of , and Launceston and Nnvport, in the county of ,

and of the several other Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the several Parishes within the several Hundreds of Roborough, Lifton,

and Eafi, lying near and interested in the Navigation of

the River Thamar, in the said Counties of Devon and

Cornwall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, for laying a Duty or Tonnage on. all Ships, Vessels, and Barges, coming within, or trading and belonging to, the Port of Plymouth, in the said County of Devon, and on Coals and Culm imported into the said Port; and representing to the House, that,

should the said Bill pass into a Law, it will not only be a great Injury and Prejudice to the Petitioners, but will be a Burthen on the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom in general, and a Discouragement to the Cultivation of Corn: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and to have such ' further or other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor or Portreeve, Gentlemen,

Clergy, and Freeholders, reading in or near the Borough of Callington, in the County of Cornwall, whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is made, for Leave to bring in a Bill for laying a Tonnage or Duty

on

i ’‘Martil

A. 1770.

on all Ships and Vessels coming within, or trading and belonging to, the Port of the said Town of and also a small Duty on Coals and Culm imported into the said Port; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the above Duties are intended to be laid on all Vessels laden with Culm, and other Merchandize, which trade up and down the River Tamur; and if a Duty should belaid on Culm for burning Lime, or on the Limestone, it would be very prejudicial and discouraging to the Farmers; and that, as the Revenues arising on the said Duties are to be appropriated towards rendering Harbour at

Plymouth more safe and commodious, the Petitioners think it a great Grievance for them to contribute towards the fame, as they are no Way interested in it: And therefore praying. That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, especial Care might be taken not to burthen the Petitioners with any Part of the said Duties; but that all Ships and Vessels coming within, or trading and belonging to, the said River Tamur, shall be at Liberty to pals and repass with all Manner of Merchandize, without paying any new Imports or Duties towards effecting the Purposes in the said Bill mentioned.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mary lc bone Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according to

Nightly Order, a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Watch, Sic, an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of St. Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for making more effectual Provisions for those Purposes, lo far as the same relates to the cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lind Tax Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord-Coroniffiontr, ing to Order, a Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names am«. of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1769; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the First mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1770: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

fiellerby Mr. John Robinson presented to the House, according Irtclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Two Common Stinted Pastures, and a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of Bellerby, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Comberford Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Indflfurci Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Comberford and Wiggington, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Cuddon, and the Clerk of the Parliament:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Canligsn for repairing and widening several Roads, in the County Newcaffle of Cardigan, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scliufter’* for naturalizing Christian Gottlieb Sckujler; without any Nat. Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dutie* to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, &c. *

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hallouehton for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, Inclonwe; and certain Commonable Places, in the Parish of loughton, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act R«bjr for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, Inclosure* in Ratby, in the Parish of Ratby, in the County of Lei-eefter’, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Walker’s veiling the Manor of Lymington, and certain Lands and WiU* Hereditaments, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, settled by the Will of John Walker, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County of Wilts, in Lieu thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Bishop enable the Bishop ot Bristol, to grant a Lease or Leases of a Close of Ground, commonly called The Bishop's {baling: Park, in the Parish of Saint Augujlin otherwise called Saint Augustine the Less, within the City of Bristol, or the Suburbs thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Walker’s for veiling the Manor of Lymington, and certain Lands WlU* and Hereditaments in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, settled by the Will of John Walker, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County of in Lieu

thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Bishop of Bristol to grant a Lease or Leases of a Close of Ground, commonly called The Park, Leafing

in the Parish of Saint Augustine, otherwise called Saint Augustine the Less, within the City of Bristol, or the Suburbs thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom Harwood’s the Bill to enable William Harwood, and his Issue, to Name, take and use the Surname and Arms of Backwell, pursuant to the Will of William Backwell, deceased, wa* committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Fowey Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Eloaion* Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, be re-

ceived upon Monday Morning next.

Sir

io Geo. III. i0 Mar til. 730

Sir Charles Whitworth* according to Order* reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the same was read $ and is as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called , for One

Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1770, be defrayed out of the Monies anting by the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1770.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Quetlion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. John Robinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

WiMen Fmy Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according

Runcorn to Order, a Bill to amend an Act made in the Sixth Gap Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making

Navigation. a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of , to the River

Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, and for granting further Powers for that Purpose: And the same was received and read the First Time.

t Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Accounts; The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from

Colonies'* Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; °me* he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from England to the British Colonies in North America, from Christmas 1767, to Christ-mas 1769; distinguishing each Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred araongst the other Papers of this Session.

Addresses Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Accounts ^‘s Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies issued by any of His Majesty’s Receivers or Collectors, or their Agents, for His Majesty’s secret and special Service, from the 25th Day of October 1760, to the 25th Day of October 1768 j distinguishing each Year.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this. House, an Account of all Monies issued by any of his late Majesty’s Receivers or Collectors, or their Agents, for his said Majesty’s secret and special Service, from the 25th Day of Oclcber 1752, to the 25th Day of October 1760; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to At, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Dover Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

Election. of Privileges and Elections, That they do. Tomorrow, at Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, proceed to the hearing the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining

Vol. 32.

of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yeftec- Wkjr* day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of Mesa* the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly l.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morii- ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yester- Supply/ day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of all the Quantities and Value of Teas ex- ordeted 5 ported from England, to the British Colonies ih America, from Christmas 1761, to Christmas 1769, or as far as the same can be made up j distinguishing each Year.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Pembroke further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Electio* Owen, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke.

And the Counsel were called in.

And John Griffiths, Esquire, of late High

Sheriff for the County of Pembroke, was also called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member proceeded, in their Evidence, and examined a Witness as to the general Conduct of the Sheriff, during the Time, and at the Close of the Poll; and also to prove that, when the Poll was dosed, the Sheriff directed Proclamation to be made in his Presence in the several Booths, That " if any Persons thought themselves aggrieved, they " might apply to him, and have Redress."

The said Witness was also examined, to prove that when, at the Close of the Poll, a Scrutiny Was demanded, it was declared by the Sheriff, or by his Deputy in his Presence, " That the whole Poll had been a Scrutiny j that every Freeholder had been sworn j that his Power " did not extend to oblige the Voters to produce their " Title Deeds s and that therefore a Scrutiny was not " necessary."

The said Witness was further examined, to prove that, at the Close"of the Poll, the Conduct of but On# only of the Deputies was impeached.

Another Witness was examined as to the Behaviour of the Sheriff in the County Hall, previous to the holding the Poll, and to prove, that the Cheque 1 Clerks were all sworn, the Deputies appointed, ajid their Instructions delivered to them, in the Presence of the Sheriff, and in the Presence of the Petitioner’s Friends and Agents, before the Adjournment to the Place of Polling.

Another Witness was examined, as to the Time and Manner of making out the Deputations to the several Deputies.

And several of the said Deputations being produced*

One of them was read.

And another Witness was examined, to prove the Manner in which the Instructions were delivered to the several Deputies, for their Conduct in holding th#

Poll.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put'

That the said Instructions be brought up;

9 C The

740

i — 5

Martii.

A. 1770.

12.

21.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Thomas Townshend,

Junior,

Mr.

And it appearing upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunte,5# die 5

Anno to* Georgii III,u Regis, 1770. Prayers.

King’. Lynn, QIR Edward Aftley presented to the House, according South Gate to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road. several Roads from the South in the Borough of

King's Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton,

borough, Stoke Ferry, and Downbam Market, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

King’* Lynn, . Sir Edward Aftley presented to the House, according East Gate t6 Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads *oad' ftom the East Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the Gate next Hillington, on Congham , and to the

North End of Babingley in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

1 Rfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

to

Watton

Road.

Norwich Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee, towbom the

Bill for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to IVotton, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, dnd found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ind afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout $ and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. WeddcH presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Open Ground, called Dunnington , in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hawke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, and the Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sherburn, Lennerton, Barkfton Ash, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for-better supplying the City of Worcester and the Liberties thereof with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obfirudions and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Ellis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the1 Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open' arid Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish ofj Blackbourton, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; 2nd that thd Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ia his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:- Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Marton Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-inclosore. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open mon Fields; Lands, and Downs, within the Manor and Fields, Meadows, Pasture Leys, and Stinted Common Parish of Westwell, in the County of Oxford, was read Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Marton, in the a Second Time.

County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles

read the First Time. Spencer, Lord Robert Spencer, See.: And they are td

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber.

Norwich . Mr. Charles Townftxnd reported from the Committee,'

to io whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Swaffham, from St. Benedict's Gate, in the County of the City of Fields/Gopfes, and Commonable Ground, within the Roads. Norwich, to Swdffhatn, in the County of Norfolk, and Parish of DeHton, otherwise Divington Parva, in the from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the Bounds of County of Northampton, was read a Second Time. Yaxham, and also a Lane called Hangman's Lane, near Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Oje Gates of the said City, was committed; That the Dolben, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet thii Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and-found the same to be true; and that the Cotnhiittoe Chamber.'

21 A Bill

Inclosure.

Sherbura

Inclosure*

WorceftefT

Streets,

; 4tC. - >

Blackbourtoft

incloUue.

Westwell

Inclosure,

Denton

Inclosure.

io Geo. III. c° Mar Hi. 741

St. Martin A Bill for building a Workhouse, in the Parish of In the Fields Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of West-Workhouse. minster, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

‘ Resolved, That the Bril be committed to Mr.

Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Plymouth A Bill for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town Streets. of Plymouth, in the County of and for regulat-

ing the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Lord Barrington, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ditto. The House was moved. That the Petition of the Al-

dermen, Common Council, Clergy, Freeholders, Lease-holders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Sid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Compton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Indolure. Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands within the Manor .0 tManors of Compton, in the Parish of Endford, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Whitbread, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Derby Lord George Cavendj/k reported from the Committee, to

Hills whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Com-ladofure. or Waste Ground, called Derby Hills, in the Coun-

ty of Derby, Parcel of the Manor of Castle Donington, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Seven Persons, who refused to iign the Bill, whose Property for which they are entitled to Right of Common amounts to Thirteen Pounds a Year; and the Property of the Persons who have ligned the Bill, amounts to One thousand Four hundred Pounds, and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l'everal Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

BHhop An ingrossed- Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

of to enable the Bishop of to grant a Lease or Leases Leafing. a Ground, commonly called The Bijhofs

Park, in the Parity of Augustine, otherwise called Saint Augustine the Leys, within the City of Bristol, or the Suburbs thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Burg-Jierjh, Mr. Coxe, Sec.: And they *re -to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Walpole presented to the House, according to SmaUDd.* . VOL. 32.

Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Borough and Liberties of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according stoke to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Goldington and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Com- inclosure> monable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Earfwkk cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Inclosure* Parcel of Open Ground, in the Township of Earjwick, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Mendip Common, or Trail of Ground, Parcel of in Indoforc.

the Parishes of East Cranmore and Cranmore, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, or Trail of Ground, Parcel of Mendip, in the Parishes of East Cranmore, and West Cranmore, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Coxe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Wyvill Heath, in the Wyviu Hea:h Lordship of Wyvill cum Hungerton, in the County of Indolure. Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Willoughby, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields; Normanton Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Open, Com- uponi Soar mon, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of upon la ° ure*

Soar, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Willoughby, Mr. Amcotts, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Worktop, Worksop, to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from *« Deb dale Hill, to the great Northern Road at South Mujk-bam, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Harbord,&c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Lewe« from Lewes to Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex, _ .*®

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act, for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Colonel Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cocks presented to the House, according to Or- Sutton, der, a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act of Roa^ the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also

the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bot*

" tom

74$ 5° Mar H 1770.

tom of PebleHi//, in the said County; and for empowering the Trustees appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, to make a yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, and putting them under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for repairing the Road from Povey , in the County of , to the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Sussex; and also the Road from Woodhatch to Peteridge in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bromyard Mr. Foley presented to the House, according to Or-Roads. der, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, therein mentioned, and for amending several other Roads adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Well borough Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to

Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of West borough and Doddington, in the Manor and Parish of W cum Doddington, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refdlved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Brampton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

Jaclofiirc. Commons, within the Manor or Lordship of Brampton, in the Parish of Longmarton, in the County of Westmorland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, within the Mauor or Lordship of Brampton, in the Parish of Longmarton, in the County of -land.

Ordered, That Mr. Hotham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Burford, The Lord IVenman reported from the Committee, to &c. whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freebold-R°ad*. ers, Tradesmen, and other the Inhabitants of Burford, Chipping-norton, Banbury, and Deddington, and Places adjacent in the County of Oxford, and of Stowe, and Places adjacent, in the County of and of Aynho

and Brackley, and Places adjacent, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. 'Thomas Brooks and Mr. Samuel Churchill, being examined, said, That the several Roads mentioned in the Petition, are deep and founderous, and in some Places so narrow and incommodious, as to be dangerous for Passengers, and cannot be properly repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Churchill added. That the Road from Deddington to Aynho, is at present only a Bridle Way, and that if the feme was made a Carriage Road, and a proper Bridge Built over the River Churwe/l, it would be of great Ad-vaptage to the Inhabitants of Deddington and the adjacent Pfeacs, as by that Means an easy Communication

would be opened with the intehded Canal, from Coventry to Oxford, which will be carried within Half a Mile of the Parish of Deddington; and that without this Communication, the Inhabitants of the said Parish will be obliged to go Four or Five Miles, and polfibly further, before they can come to any Wharf upon the said Canal.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, from the Turnpike Road, in the Town of Burford, in the County of Oxford, through Shlpton, Chipping-norton, and Bloxham, to the

Borough of Banbury, in the said County; and from Burford aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stowe, in the County of Gloucester, at the End of Lane, at the Bottom of Stowe Hill; and from Swerford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, through Deddington, to the Turnpike Road in the Town of Aynho, in the County of Northampton: And that the Lord IVenman, Lord Charles Spencer, and Sir Francis Vincent, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Sir Johh Molesworth reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Southampton, in Common Council assembled, and of several Gentlemen and others, Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Charles Le Gay, Town Clerk, being examined, said. That Riots and Disorders frequently happen in the Night Time; and that the Witness has prosecuted several Offenders for the fame; which Riots and Disorders might have been prevented if the said Town had been properly watched and lighted: Then,

A Member present informed your Committee, That to his Knowledge several Irregularities have happened in the said Town for want of the same being properly watched and lighted.

John Smith, Esquire, and John Woodford, Esquire, confirmed the aforegoing Evidence, with respect to the Disorders and Irregularities committed in the Night Time, for want of the said Town being properly watched and lighted.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets and other public Passages, in the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Rood, Saint Lazy-

rence. All Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and East Street and Bagrow, within the Town of Southampton and Liberties thereof; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein,.and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the lighting and watching the said Streets and other public Passages.

A Bill to empower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon to apply a Sum of Money, out of the County Stock, for the opening, making, and maintaining, a convenient and commodious Highway, from the High Street in the City of Exeter, to the Castle of; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John Molesworth, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An logrolled Bill for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eatort Bridge Turnpike Road, at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Wefierham, in the County of Kent, through the Village

Southampton

Streets.

Exeter

High Street;

Eaton Bridge thro* Limpsfield Road.

i o Geo. III. c® Mar til. 743

lage of Limpsfield, to the Village of tfitfey, over Botley Hill. , Wormjheatk, and W Common, to the Turn-

pike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road, at Cockham Hill, in the Parish terham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsfield, to the Village of <Titfey, over Botley Hill, Wormjheath, and Walsingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godfiotie, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Biggleswade, Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, to Jtaads. wh°m the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the Town and County of was

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appealed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in h's Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was, read; and is as foilo Acth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Bromfall, being examined, said. That he knows the Road from the Town of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road in Roxton Field, in the Parish of in the said County: That it is about Eight Miles long, and same Parts are in a ruinous Condition, but others are in tolerable Repair.

That this Road is much frequented by all Kinds of Carriages and Passengers on Harfeback; and that the Statute Work has been found ineffectual for repairing the said Road, and keeping it in Repair.

Then Mr. John Creffey and Mr. Gideon were

called, who confirmed the foregoing Evidence; and added. That the repairing this Road would be of Public Utility, as it is a strait Road through the County.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue and render more effectual several Acts, for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury and from

Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Hall to Great

Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Bedford to the Turnpike Road in Roxton Field, in the Parish of Roxton, in the said County of Bedford.

Ditto. A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for repairing and amending the Road from

wade, in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill or Cross leading into Santery Lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road, and from the said Town of Bugden, to the Town of Huntingdon; and from Cross Hall, in Eaton Soron, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of; and another Act of

Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said First mentioned Act; and of several other Persons, Inhabitants of the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for

Vol. 32.

Provision to be made in the Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and-from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Temsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neotts, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, for amending the Road leading from the Town of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road in.

Wroxton Field-, and representing to the House, That the Tolls arising from the said Roads in the said Bill proposed to be repaired, will not be more than sufficient to discharge the respective Interests of the Monies borrowed, and to be borrowed, upon the Credit thereof, and repair, amend, and support the fame; and that the laying any additional Tolls will not only be a Burthen upon Persons travelling that Way, but, as it may induce them to take another Road to and from London, may occasion such a Diminution of the Tolls which would otherwise arise in the said Roads, as may prevent the keeping the same in due Repair: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A MeflTage from the Lords, by Mr. Halford, and Mr*

Montague: ,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shadwell for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing, *>oor’ the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex;without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Waddington for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common I°closure. Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Waddington, in the County of the City of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Head’*

to enable William Head, Esquire, a Minor, and his Nam*.

Issue, to tajee and use the Surname of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James,

Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that some of the Alder- Southwark men, and several of the Common Council, of the City of Paving. London, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, have petitioned for Power to collect a finall daily Toll on Carriages not used in Trade, and on Saddle Horses, and to have the said Act in some other Respects amended and explained; and that the Commissioners for putting in Execution the fevetal Acts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the City and Liberty of minster, have petitioned for the like Power, to collect a small daily Toll, on every Day in the Week, except Sundays, at the several Gates or Turnpikes mentioned in an Act of the Fifth of His present Majesty’s Reign, for collecting Tolls on Sundays; and that the Petitioners , conceive, the additional Tolls prayed for by the said

9 D PetU

744 5° Martii. A. 1770.

Well

Hcflerton

luclosure.

S«venoakes,

Ac.

Roads.

Petitioners will be a great Burthen upon the Public in general, and upon the Inhabitants of this City and the Liberties thereof in particular: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against , the said Petitions; and may receive such Relief as the Nature of their same may require, and to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of South wark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, is referred; and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pasture, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Towntliip of Wfl Hejlerton, and Pari fir of -ham, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Lascelles, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Farnaby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Three Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Sevenoakes, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cro/s, to Lumberhurst Pound and Pullin's Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Kent, in the County of , as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to,

Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's in the said County of Kent: And the same was received; and read tlfe First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bfc read a Second Time.

General Rep pel reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Sussex, and of the City of Chichester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of, his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing arid widening the Road, leading from the Town of Kingston upon , in the County of Surrey, to Sheet Bridge, near ,in the County of Southampton, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read.

William Smith, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees for the District of Road from Hind Heath, through Fernhurst Lane and to the City of

Chichester, have proceeded in the Repairs of the said Road, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 1,500, which remains due; that the said Road cannot be kept in Repair, and the said Debt paid off, during the subsisting Term; that such Part of the said Road, from the North End of Fernhurst Lane over Hindhead , is almost totally disused; and that it would be a great Saving to the Trustees of the said District, if the same was confined to terminate Northward at the North End of hurst Lane, at a Bridge there, dividing the said Counties

of Sussex and Surrey; that the Road leading from the said City of Chichester to Delkey, is become very ruinou;, and is in feme Parts very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from Hindhead Heath, in the County of Surrey, through Fernhurst Lane and Midhurji, to the City of Chichester, in the County of Sujfexj and also for repairing and widening the Road from Chichester aforesaid to in the said

County: And that General Keppel, Sir Charles Whitworth, and the Lord Clare, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Thetford General Conway reported from the Committee, to N *° , whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an ^oad! Ct Act for amending the Road from Christopher's Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North East End, of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge, and for amending the Road from Stow Heath, in the County of Suffolk, to Brandon Bridge, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-, upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

St. Ncots A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure. mon Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grocfnds, within the Parish of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ongley, Mr. Whitbread, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, zr

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry, to communicate with the Navigable Canal then completing between the Rivers Trent and Mersey; and that, in the last Session, an Act passed, for making a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation aforesaid to the City of Oxford-, and that, previous to any Application to Parliament to obtain the last mentioned Act, it was agreed, that the Junction of the Oxford Canal with that of Coventry should be made at Go ford Green, and from thence be carried by or near the Parishes of Stoke, Binley, and Combe, to Brincklow, in its Course towards Oxford; and that, whilst the Bill was depending, a new Idea was suggested, of the Practicability of executing the proposed Canal, so as to continue the Navigation upon one and the same Level with the Coventry Canal for many Miles, without any Intervention of Lockage, in same the Course originally projected was varied, and a new Course from some other Point of the Coventry Canal was substituted in Lieu thereof; but these Petitioners objected against this Alteration; and being desirous, that an Undertaking, confessedly of great and public Utility, might not be obstructed, did agree to accept of the Terms offered to them by the Oxford

Kingstoa upon Humes/ St c. Road*

Oxford

to

Coventry

Canal*

Carlton

Inclosure.

Minehead

Marbour*

St. Mary Ic Bone Nightly Watch, Ice.

jo Geo. III.

Martii.

745

ford Undertakers { and thereupon the Point of Junction Of the Two Canals at Longford was fixed and ascertained, in Consequence of a Petition presented to the House for that Purpose; and representing to the House, that the Terms of Compensation, given and confirmed to the Petitioners under the said Agreement, were the foie and only Consideration upon which they were in* duced to decline their Opposition to the Oxford Undertaking} and that they should never have accepted of the said Terms, had they supposed it possible that the Clause, enacted in Confirmation thereof, could be reminded, not only without their Consent, but themfehres entirely dissenting: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, in Vindication of their just Rights} and relying, with full Confidence, upon the Fakh and Justice of Parliament, that no Bill shall pass, against the Petitioners Consent, for repealing the said Clause of Compensation, and thereby depriving the Petitioners of a Property vested in them by the Consent of the Undertakers of the Oxford Canal, and ratified, established, and enacted by the Legislature.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for amending an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Canal

Navigation, to the City of Oxford, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-tures, a Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Great Carlton and Castle Carlton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill Tor further continuing the Terms and Powers granted and continued by Three Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of William the Third, the Tenth of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, and for the more effectual carrying the said Acts into Execution, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir John Rous, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of St. Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for making more effectual Provisions for those Purposes, so far as the same relates to the cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-worth, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, which was presented to the House

Vol. 32.

upon the loth Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly}

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Burrell presented to the House, according to Or- Blackheat'n, der, a Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, *c-an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, Sm f)eb,s* intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley, and Beckenham, of Rokesley, otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Leffness, in the County of Kent, and one other Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surrey:

And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Oxford

to

A Petition of the Potters and Manufactureers of Earthen Wares, residing in the several Villages of -Jlem, Tunstall, Cobridge, Hanley, Shelton, Stoke upon ^anal!^ Trent , Lane Delf, and Lane End, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, by the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, (or Leave to bring in a Bill for altering the Jundlion of the said Canal at Longford, and for making the same at or n?ar Bedworth Field , and representing, that the Materials of which their Manufactures consist, as well as their Goods when manufactureed, are very ponderous, and must, in a great measure, be conveyed by the said Navigations, when completed } and if the Jundlion of the said Canals is permitted to take Place at Longford aforesaid, and the Length of the said Canals thereby unnecessarily increased, it will operate as a perpetual Tax on the Trade of the Petitioners, as well as every other Species of Commerce to be conducted by the said Navigations: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in the said Bill for altering the Jundlion of the said Canals} and for making the same at such Place as shall appear most beneficial to the Public } and that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for amending an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold presented to the American House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, Colonies.

Account of all such Associations, in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, not to import into the said Colonies, from Great Britain, certain Goods and Merchandize, as have been published in the said Colonies, and transmitted to the Earl of Hillsborough,

One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, since the ift of August 1768.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That George Ne/fon, Esquire, do, Tomorrow State of the Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to Cora Trade, whom it is referred to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Farrer do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

A Petition of William Bollan was presented to the Ameriean

House, Colonies.

74<*

5* Martii.

A. 1770.

House, and read; Setting forth. That, in His present Majesty’s Reign, Measures have been devised, and Laws made, for raising a Revenue, for several Purposes, out of American Commerce; the natural Augmentation whereof, thus prevented, would have caused a continual growing Consumption of British Manufactures, with a constant Increase of British Navigation, the Source of their Naval Power; would in Circuit have enriched the King and Kingdom far more by Consent, than they could be by any Compulsion; would have preserved in its former full Strength that cordial Union of the British Subjects, residing in Britain and the Colonies, which is apparently necessary to their mutual and lasting Welfare j and would moreover have augmented the Abilities of the British Americans, and given fresh Spirit to their laudable Inclination to venture their Lives and Fortunes against the Public Enemies when they shall renew their Hostilities, which, in Point of Difficulty and Danger, may equal or exceed those that were in the late War so happily l'urmounted, and which, without Question, though with uncertain Pace, are daily approaching; and that, amongst other Measures, even British Manufactures have, contrary to the plainest Principle of Commerce, been made the Subjects of Taxation, when imported into the Colonies; and that Regulations of American Commerce have been subjected to Military Execution, fitter to extirpate, than to regulate, preserve, and increase, Trade j and that Offences, Accusations, and Litigations, relative to Laws enacted touching the American Trade and Revenue have been subjected to Civil Adjudication, incompatible with the English Constitution, and pregnant with Hardships exceeding all Example; and that the King’s causing such Monies to be applied, out of certain American Revenues, as he shall think proper or necessary, for defraying the Charges of administering Justice, and supporting Civil Government, within all or any of the Colonies, would be such a Seizure of their immediate Civil Government into the King’s Hands, as would be attended with unspeakable Difficulties and Hardships; would subvert pro tanto the proper Constitution of the Colonies, which are, in their Nature, and by their Institution, distinct Members of the Commonwealth, established by the Wisdom of former Ages, and would be inconsistent with the Charter granted to the Province of Massachu-

Jet>s Bay, by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary; and that the JunClion of the Colonies, for the Purposes of Civil Government, is manifestly repugnant to that standing Policy of their Severance, whereby they have have been so well governed from the Time of their1 Existence; and that the Application of Monies raised in a Colony, which defrays all the proper and necessary Charges of administering Justice, and supporting Civil' Government there, to pay the Charges of such Administration and Support in any other Colony neglecting its Duty in this Behalf, would be a plain Departure from the permanent Principle of natural Justice; and , that the; Hew System of defending, protecting, and fc-curing, the Colonies, devised and practised by His Majesty’s Ministers, is likewise improvident, oppressive, and ‘ dangerous, to the Kingdom and the Colonies; and that, in Consequence of the preceding and other Ministerial Measures, the British Manufactures, Trade, and Navigation, have been discouraged, and British America reduced from a State of Quiet, with chearful and profitable Obedience, to a State of great Distress and dangerous Insatisfac-tion; and that the Errors and Improvidence of Ministers, with the hostile Designs and Proceedings of France td undermine the British American Dominions, Trade, and Fishery, brought on the late expensive and dangerous War; and British America is now, in Consequence of the Errors and Improvidence of His Majesty’s Ministers, brought into a State of Invitation of Foreign War;

And therefore praying, That he may be heard before the House, in order that he may defend the Rights and Interest of the Province aforesaid, and give such necessary Information as this or the late Parliament have not received; whereby, he hopes, the House will be in some Degree assisted in taking those salutary Measures, which the Prosperity and Safety of the Kingdom, and the Colonies, at this interesting Conjuncture require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for executing Estimate the Office-of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- presented; fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Deb*'

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the 31st "December 1769.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Navy

io Geo. III.

5® Mar

’47

Navy Office, 7 An E S TIM A T E of the D E B T of His Majesty’s N A Y Y, on the I leads here-30th "January 1770. J - after mentioned, as it flood on the 31st 'December 1769.

HEAD9 OF THE NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c. supplied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Cobrfe, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yairds, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1769; as also to several Bills of Exchange -

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the On-dinary and Extraordinary -

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf - " -

Seamens Wages.

Due to pay the Men, &c. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31 ft of December 1769 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Free Gifts, &c. - - - - :- - -

Victualing Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off, - - - . - ,

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1769'

For Necessary Money, Extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies' 1 -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the \ several Ports, - - . - - - , -,

Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Office

The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Three hundred Sixty-seven thousand One hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Four Shillings and One Penny - - - ’ -

From whence deducting the Money in the Y Treasurer’s Hands - - - f

And also the Money that remained to come I in of the Supplies

Vas on the other Side -

H

The Debt will then be One million Eighty-two thousand Eight hundred and Forty-six Pounds Four Shillirtgs and Nine Pence Halfpenny -

N. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports between the 1 ft of January 1769 and 31st December following - -

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualing, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ill January 1769 and the 31st December following, amounts to -

For which Sum of £.5,885. *6. 4. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Nett Debt of the Navy will then be One million Seventy-six thousand Nine hundred and Sixty Pounds Eight Shillings and J Five Pence Halfpenny -

PARTICULARS.

£. s' d.

373,926 15 4

27,353 14 10

65,536 *3 8

143,826-----

52,497 11 2

197,846 19 — 280,369 13 6

24,418 t 8

17,684 16 4

152,711 8 5

9>53° 13 6 1,121 6 9

8,324 17 6

100,573 12 61

183,751 6 8

4,832 — 8

L953 *5 8

TOTAL.

£ J.

663,140 15 —

502,634 14 2

189,373 a 6

12,022 12 5

1,367,*7* 4 1

284,324 19 3J

1,082,846 4 9f

5,885 16 4

£.1,076,960 8 51

G. Cokburne. T/10, Slade. J, Williams* E. Mejon. ST. Brett. . ‘Temple.

Vol, 3».

9 E

Memorandum *

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1769, in Money, as under mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy. ' *

In what Treasurer’s Hands.

Right Honble 7

George Doddingtou, Esq'. j

Right Hon1*1* 7

George Grenville, Esq\ 3

Right Honw* William Lord Viscount Barrington*

Right Hon* Bichard Lord Viscount Howe.

INMONEY.

In Money -

D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

> 1

4

In Money -

D° towards the! Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

'In Money -

jy towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen . -

In Money -

D° towards the Debt for ISick and Hurt Seamen ’

On the Heads of

Wear and Tear, Total.

Ordinary and . Seamen's Wages. viauui*.

Transports.

£ d. 6,811 5 5f £ t, d. »>458 5 £. d. 63l 11 5 ? £. d.

97 . 9 11 i 8,998 12 8J

7,801 1 4^ 1,554 10 9 1,299 8 in-7

328 7 8 1 10,983 6

7,092 8 5 7,227 18. if 2,526 n 61 7

*; _ ___ __ J 16,607 — ill

{ _ ' 760 2 10J" -

23*7^5 3? 3^05 3 3£ *55° 15 217

] 63,984 10 if

r 1^42 19 4

45*49° 7 6* 1 H 49»°74 77 -91 6,008 7 100,573 12 6f

Cn

e

r*

o

o

eg.

rT

There remalned on the 31st December 1769, to come in, from the Exchequer, of the Supplies, of the Year 1769 - - 183,731 6 „8|

1770.

Expulsion

of

Members.

Accounts;

American

Colonies,

Account; Teas,

Fowey

Ble&ton*

io Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Herbert presented to the House, according to . Order, a Bill to regulate the Consequences of the Expulsion of Members of this House: And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon IVedtiejday Scvennight, the 14th Day of this Iri-

stant March,

The House being informed. That Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Value of all the Glass, Paper, China Ware, and Painters Colours, exported from Scotland to the British Colones in America, from Christmas

1761, to Christmas 1769, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Scotland, to the British

149

Colonies in North America, from Christmas 1767, to Christmas 1768, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. 1

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon thfe Table, to be perused by the Member^of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved among the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called ih; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Ad Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

50 Martft.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Adipatted in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1769.’

The EXCHEQUER BILLS, made out One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 5th Day of March 1770.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Mackye, from the Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Quantities and Value of Teas exported from England to the British Colonies in America, from 5 January 1761, to 5th January 1770.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

V01,. 32.

by virtue of the above Act, amount to the Sum of

S P. Julliott.

Upon the Petition of John Williams and Thomas Arthington, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Philip Rajhleigh and James Modyford Heywood, Esquires, for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall,

The Committee examined the Merits of this Election. The Standing Order of the Hoyfe, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for reltraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was read.

And the last Determination of the House, upon the 5th Day of May 1701, concerning the Ri^ht of electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Fowey, was also read; whereby it is resolved, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliamen^for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of is

in the Prince’s Tenants, who are capable of being Portreeves of the said Borough; and in such Inhabitants of the said Borough only as pay Scotland Lot.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners alledging. That they understood that the Words of the said Resolution,

Prince’s"

Account; Exchequer Bill*.

750 5° MarA. 1770.

" Prince’s Tetiahts, who are capable of being Portreeves," were not meant to restraia any Prince’s Tenants from voting; and, therefore, if they added Fifty-two Persons to the Poll of the Petitioners, who were Prince’s Tenants, and that had tendered themselves to -be admitted on the Roll of the Court Baron of the Manor of Fowey, and bad been refused, and who, at the said Election, had tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, and were rejected, the Petitioners would have a clear Majority over the Sitting Members.

The Counsel for the Sitting Members infilled. That Prince’s Tenants, who have a Right to vote at Elections, are not Prince’s Tenants at large, hut such only as are capable of being Portreeves.

And to prove what Prince’s Tenants are, by the Usage of the Borough, capable of being Portreeves, they called

Mr. Thomas Jones, who said he had known Fowey above Forty Years; and, he being examined, said, That Prince’s Tenants, capable of being Portreeves, may be intitled by Conveyance, or by Descent, but they mull first be admitted at the Court Baron of the Manor; that he never knew of but One Instance to the contrary, which was in the same of Mr. Coryton, the Returning Officer, at the Election preceding the last Election, who was presented to the Office of Portreeve at an occasional Court, held in January 1765; that, regularly. Courts ought to be held a Month after . as he be-

lieved, at leall;. all the Witness ever attended were so, except that above mentioned.

That the Meaning of holding that Occasional Court was to make a Portreeve, because Mr. Rajhleigh, the then Portreeve, was the Candidate at the Election, and it would not be proper for him to act as Portreeve; yet there was no Necessity to take Coryton, there being many Persons present who had been admitted on the Court Roll:

That he has been present at Courts, in many other Manors, and never knew any other Custom of chusing Portreeves.

And being asked. How Coryton came to be a Portreeve de fa£lo, but not dt jure ? he said, Because he was not admitted on the Roll: That he remembered Coryton adfing as Returning Officer in 1765, when, he believed, an Objection was made to his Return: that he remembered Four Portreeves of Fo, and only Coryton presented by the Homage before he was admitted; that he was made Portreeve again in 1767; that he was admitted after his first acting as Portreeve, and before the Second; and that he continued in Office Two Years and a Half after his First Election.

He then mentioned Lewis Tremain, Esquire, John

Jones, John Pomeroy, and Stephen who, he

helieved, all voted in 1765 as Prince’s Tenants; that they were on the Lift of Tenants, but did not know they were admitted; and he mentioned William Lambe who, he said, voted in 1765, and was on the Court Roll before he voted, he having done his Fealty in 1754: That there is a Difference between the Court Roll and Lift of Tenants j the Tenants are sworn and do Fealty, and then are admitted on the Roll in consequence thereof; they are put on the Lift by the Steward, which Lift is brought to the Court, when they attend to take the Oaths, and to be admitted: that a Person can serve on the Homage before he is admitted on the Roll, if he is on the Lift; that the Witness saw the Court Roll before 1757, with many Names thereto, but that none of the Persons he had mentioned were, as he believed, on it, when he saw it, except Mr. Lambe;

that, he apprehended, if a Person comes to the Court, and claims to be admitted on the Roll, and makes out a Title, the Steward, or Jury, are to admit him; that, if the Steward is not satisfied, and refuses to admit the Person, lie may apply to the Homage, and claim to be presented; and believes, that if a Person is presented by the Homage, the Steward cannot refuse to admit 21

him; and that he would do very ill if he did; that it is the Duty of the Homage to present.-.

And being asked, Whether the Steward has a Right to receive who he pleases, without Claim being made out ? he said, No: That he was of Opinion, the Steward may admit, upon his foie Judgment, when the Claim is made 01st to his Satisfaction; and that he has known a Steward admit People not presented by the Homage.

Then Mr. John Kimber, Deputy Steward of the said Manor, was called, and produced the Court Rolls of the Manor of Fowey, dated 24 1740, 19 October

1742, 7 October 1745, 10 May 1754, 14 1765,

23 October 1767, and 10 Ofl 1769; and there was allb produced a Copy of the Roll of Proceedings of the said Court, dated 9 March 1724, in order to shew the Method of presenting the Portreeves of the said Borough, the Deaths of the Tenants thereof, admitting of Tenants on the Rolls, and their doing Fealty.

Then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Prince’s Tenants, capable of being Portreeves of the Borough of Fozvey, are such Tenants only as have been duly admitted upon the Court Rolls of the Manor, and have done their Fealty.

And the Counsel being again called in, and acquainted with the said Resolution, the Counsel for the Petitioners were again heard.

And then the Counsel were ordered to withdraw.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Philip Rajhleigh f Esquire, is duly elected a Bor-

gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough o(Fowey, in the County of Cornwall.

Resolved, That it it the Opinion of this Committee, That James Modyford Hey wood, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,' agreed to by the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of London, trading to North America.

And the said Petition was again read.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Draw--back of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for difeon-tinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as lays Duties upon Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and ScaJeboards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Words " Great tainI," and before the Word " imported," the Words " and upon Tea."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers

Americim

Colouics.

Way* and Means

Supply,

Oxford

to

Coventry

Canal.

Ditto,

io Geo. III. 50 — 6

Tellers for the Y«as.| fflff C‘,h'!r‘-

T=*'«s forft. Nov,| "rf' }*°4*

So it pitted in the Negative.

Then the*rhain'Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies, or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable ori China Earthen Ware, exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations; as lays Duties upon Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Pasteboards, Mill-boards, and Scaleboards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America: And that the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is 6* die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii III',i Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

ABIL L for amending an Act of the 9th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, Lord IVinman, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Coventry, and of the principal Merchants, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of the same City, and of divers Persons resident in the County of the City of Coventry, and the County of and concerned in the Trade of the said City and County, or one or both of them, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the City of Coventry, to communicate upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with the Canal there making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, and that the great Object of the aforesaid Undertaking was, ro open a safe and easy Communication, by Canal Conveyance, with the Ports of Vol. 32.

‘ Martii. 751

pcole, Hull, and Bristol; and that, in the last Session of Parliament, an Act was passed, for extending the said Navigation from Coventry to Oxford; and the Junction of the Two Canals was thereby fixed at a Place called Longford, w'ithin Three Miles of the said City of Coventry; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application, hath been made, for altering the Junction of the said Two Canals at Longford, and for making the same at or near Field; and that

the Petitioners conceive, that general Convenience and Utility Will be equally at least, if not more effectually, confuited and secured, by the Junction at Longford, than, by changing the same to any new Point: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard by their Couniel, against the Bill for altering the Junction of the Two Canals from Longford to Bedworth; and that no Bill for that Purpose may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committed, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.;

The House was moved; That the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Potters and Manufacturers of Earthen Wares, residing in the several Villages of Burslem, Tunflall,

Hanley, Shelton, Stoke upon Trent, Lane and Lane End, in the County of Stafford, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard in Favour of the said Bill, against the Petitions now referred; and whereupon Counsel are to be heard before the said Committee.

Mr. John Robinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1770: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Two Common Stinted Pastures, and a certain Moor, or Common, within the Manor of Rellerby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Robinson, Sir Henry Hogbton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to apd through the Borough ot Tamworth, and

9 F other

Ditto.

Militia

Pay and Clothing*

Bellerby

Inclosure.

Tamworth

Roads.

Combcrford

Inclosure.

Bulkington

Inclosure.

Birmingham

thro'

Elmdon

RowL

Clyde

Bridget

7.5* 6 Martii. 1770.

other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of ford, Warwick, and Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Thurlow, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Comber ford and Wig, in the County of

Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Thurlow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of JBulkington, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Four Yard Lands and an Half, who, on being applied to* refused to sign the Bill); and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, consists of 36 Yard Lands* and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through , to a Lane

leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was commuted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout i and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. /

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark, had been referred, was re-committed, and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had further considered the Matter of the first-mentioned Petition; and had examined the Matter of the second mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr.

J7

William Bogle, being examined* said. That the Fords in the River Clyde, near the Town of Hamilton, are become very variable, deep* and dangerous, and are sometimes impaftable; that in order to complete the public Roads from Edinburgh to Hamden* it is necessary that a Bridge should be built over the said River, which, the Witnesslaid, would be of public Utility} And further said. That it will be necessary to remove several Obstructions and Annoyances in the Town of Hamilton, and to remove a Turnpike Gate now (landing at the East End thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain Roads and Avenues leading to the same: And that Lord Frederick Campbell and Captain Lockhart Ross do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields* Lands, and Commons, within the TownQiip and Parish of Great Ufeburn, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the feme was received; And read the First Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Salt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Capital Burgesses of the Borough of UJkeard, in the County of Cornwall, and others, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty’s Reign* for amending several Roads, leading from the said Borough of Liskeard, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, living near and travelling the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred* That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Arthur Puckey, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, had already borrowed and expended the Sum of £. 5,000, the Sum allowed to be borrowed by the said Act, and that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired unlefe the said Act be further continued, and the Powers enlarged.

That the Road leading from Barn Street to Du-loe Church, and also from Lux Street to Cratbick Ford, and from a Place called Bull Post to the Four Lane End, called Treworgey Crops, are ruinous, too narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the repairing the said Roads would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act: pasted in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, from the East End of WestTaphou/e Lane, to the Borough of,

and from thence to Coomb Row Hou/e, and also the Road from the said Borough of Liskeard, to Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point, and from Craft Hole aforesaid, to St. Germans Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon; and for amending the Roads

from Barn Sh eet to DulOe Church, and from Lux Street to Crat hick Ford, and from Bull to Treworgty Crops in the County of Cornwall:And that Mr. Salt and Sir John Molesworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Lymington, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, settled by the Will of John Walker, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, tote fold, and for settling other

Lands

Ufebtini

Inclosure.

Liskeard

Ele&ioo.

Walker'.

Will.

Brighton!

fcc.

Kotdo.

Land Tax;

Commissioners

Names*

Watcfcctt

Harbour.

A(hbury

Inclosure.

ioGfio. III. 6° Martii. .753

Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County of Wilis, in Lieu thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Calcrajt, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Bright helmjone, in the County of Sussex, through the Parillies of -

combe, Clayton, and Keymer, to Stone Pound, in the said

Parish of Clayton, and from thence to on the

East, and Hurfiperpoint on the West, and from Stone

Pound aforesaid, through the Parishes of Slaugham, and Crawley, to the County , on Lovell

Heath, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names, of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 17691 and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the first-mentioned| Ad, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1770, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 20th Day of this (nstant , resolve it-

self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the under-ligned Merchants, Gentlemen, Traders, and others, residing in or near the Town of Watchett, and elsewhere in the County of

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing for a further Time certain Ratea and Duties, heretofore granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for repairing the Harbour and Quay of the said Town of Watchett; and that the Petitioners are sensible of the great Utility and Necessity of the said Harbour, to the Navigation and Commerce of the said Town and Counties adjacent, as well as to the more immediate Preservarion of the said Town and the Inhabitants thereof: And therefore praying the House, That such Provisions may be made, for the further Continuance of the said Rates and Duties, and in fuels Manner, as to the House shall seem fitting-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Earl of Egremont, an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, by Alicia Maria Countess of Egremont, and Percy Wyndkam O'Bryan, Earl of Thomond in the Kingdom of Ireland, his Guardians, appointed by the Will of Charles late Earl of Egrem, his Father, deceased, is referred.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ash-bury, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

B.e/blved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fan-Jit tart, Mr. Willoughby, &c.: And they are to meet

Vol. 32.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker*

Chamber.

A Bill to amend an Act made in the Sixth Year of Wilden Fefty the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a na- Rune*JrnG vigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Navigation-Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, and for granting further Powers for time Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s t Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to Tunstall* whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road in in the "*

County of Stafford, through Great Chell and Biddulfk, by Biddulph Mill, and through Overton and,

over Limjord Bridge, to the Turnpike Road from Leik

to Maccleefield, in Bcflq, in the County of Chester; and aHo the Road leading from Great Chell aforesaid, by Bank Top and Sneyd Green, and through Hanley Greets to the Turnpike Road in Shelton, in the said County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through tho Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout* and then a Second Time, One by One* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill to amend Two several Acts of Parliament, for Warrington repairing, widening, and amending, the Road leading an from a Place called Earls Kill, in Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, to the Toll Bars in , in

Wigan, in the said County, and for granting a further Term for the more effectual repairing and widening the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hoghton, Colonel Burgoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, as Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Scrope reported from the Committee, to whom Navenbjr the Bill fur dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Inclosure mon Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Navenby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of tho Committee (except Rickard Fountain and Rickard Rux-

ton, who refused to sign the Bill, alleging, they intended to fell their Estates, and whose Estates are of the Yearly Value of £. 13; and that the Whole of the Estates in the said Parish are of the Annual Value 384.); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Bourne

Craiiuge.

Foxton

Inclosure.

SimpTon

Inclosure.

754 6* Mar tii.A. 1770.

Ordered, That thfc Bill, with the Amendments, be in- that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, upon grofied. their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Hispre- Petition.

Cent Majesty, . intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying be- A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Chepftew tween Bojlcn Haven and Bourne, in the Parts of Kesteven County of , was presented to the House, and Roads,

and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and for im- read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informfed,;

proving the Navigation through the said Lands, was read Application hath been made, for Leave to bring in si-

a Second Time. . .-_ a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Amcotts, of an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of Mr. Wh'uhcot, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the VII-at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. lage of Magor, to the Bridge Foot, in the Town of

Chepjloin the County of Monmouth, and other Roads Mr; Vernon presented to the House, according to in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester \ and that the Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Roads leading from the Town of Abergavenny, through

Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of the several Parishes of , Lanwermartk, Lanellen

Foxton, in the County of Leicester: And the same was Lanover, and , in the County of Monmouth,

received; and read the First Time. and of Langottock, Crick Howell, and Lanelly, in the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a iSccond Time. - County of Brecon, to the Coal Pits and Lime Kilns in

the said Parishes, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow,

A Petition of the major Part of the Owners and Pro- and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired -prietors of the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and widened, without the Aid of Parliament: And Common Cow Pastures, Lammas Grounds, and Com- therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the monable Lands, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County said Bill, for the repairing and widening of the said Roads, of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; in such Manner as to the House shall teem meet.

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred so the Con-that a Bill is depending, for dividing and inclosing the sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Cow several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act Pasture, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late the Parish of Simpson; and that the Petitioners are very Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road, from well satisfied with the Situation and Convenience of the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot, in the Town their respective Lands and Properties in their present of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads Uninclosed State in the said Fields; and that the said in the Counties of Monmouth and and also of fe-

Bill, if passed into a Law, will be a great Injury to the veral Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Monmouth,

Petitioners said Properties there: And therefore, pray- Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, is referred: And that ing. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report against the said Bill, and that they may have such other the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall. seem

meet. Mr. Grosvenor reported from the Committee, to whom Stockport

Mr. Kynajlonreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees to, and Creditors *c*

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, under. An Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Xoads.

Common Meadows, Common Cow Pasture, Lammas Majesty, for repairing and widening the ' Road from Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simp-Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxon s Lane End,

Jon, in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the in the County and from the Cross in

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, under Line, in the said County of Lancaster, to Doflor’s and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Lane Head, in the County of York, and also the Road

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the branching out of the First mentioned Road, in the

Satisfaction of the Committee (except Five Persons, Township of Bred bury, to Mot tram, in the said County of

whose Property in the said Fields is of the Annual Value Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined of f 192. 1 or. j and also except Sear Human, who said the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to he tnuft do as his Father would have him, and whose Pro- report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; perty in the said Fields is of the Annual Value of £. 20 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-15J; and also except John Lucas the Younger, who livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was was never applied to, and whose Property in the said read} and is as followeth $

Fields is of the Annual Value of i$s., and also except To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the George Cross, who would not say any thing,*and whose said Act was read: And Mr. Robert Newton, ' being Property in the said Fields is of the Annual Value of examined, said. That the Trustees appointed by the said

; and also except Elizabeth Mead, who said (he Act have made a great Progress in repairing the said should fell when inclosed, and whose Property in the Roads; and have borrowed upwards of 5,^0 upon said Fields is of the Annual Value of £.2. ioj.; and also the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which dill except Five Persons, who said they, would not oppose remains unpaid, and which has been duly applied for the Bill, and whose Property in the said Fields is of that Purpose:

the Annual Value of£. 77. ior. j and that the Whole of That it will be necessary to raise a further Sum of the Estates in the said Fields intended to be inclosed Money, to complete the Repairs of the said Roads, is of the Annual Value of £.773 ); and that the Com- which the Trustees are unable to do on the Credit ot mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several the present Act:

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him That there are some Exemptions in the said Act, to report to the House; and he read the Report in his which are very prejudicial; and that the Alteration of the Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the said Act in some other Particulars is necessary for com-Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. pleting the Repairs of the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to sideration upon Monday Morning next. , enlarge the Term and Poweis of an Act made in the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and until the said'Report be taken into Consideration; and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of

io Geo. III.

6 ° Mar

755

Trent River . to

Gain (borough

Navigation.

Dog

Stealing,

Dog

Stealing.

ftefervation

of

Game.

Dog tStealing.

Preservation

ot

Game.

Chester, to Saxon's Land End, in the County of Lancaster,

and other Roads in the said Act mentioned: And that Mr. Gro/vtnor, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. Egerton,

do prepare and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Navigation of the River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, other wise Bridge, in the County of Derby, to Gainsboroug, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from , in the County of

Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Benfington and , in the County of Oxford j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Saddington, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 22d Day of February last, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Killing or Stealing of Dogs, and for making a Provision for the better preventing the Destruction of Game by Night, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the Stealing of Dogs: And that Mr. Clayton, Sir George Yotige, Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord Strange, Mr. De Grey, and Mr. Rice, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Sir George Tonge, Mr. Clayton, Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord Strange, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Rice, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Molesworth, and Sir John Aubyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Clayton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for preventing the Stealing of Dogs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir George Yonge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

with Barley; and that the Crop of the Year 1768 was not consumed till the latter End of last Year, or the Beginning of this; and that, notwithstanding the Petitioners have, since the Barley Season commenced, threflied out as much of such Grain as the nature of their Business would permit, the Petitioners apprehend, there is not, at this Time, above Half Part of the last Year’s Growth consumed; and that, as the Season for Brewing and Malting is far advanced, and as Barley is a perishable Commodity, and the Price now only from Thirteen to Fifteen Shillings a Quarter, the Petitioners are fully persuaded, they must inevitably sustain great Losses by the Stock in Hand, unless some immediate Assistance is given therein: And therefore praying, That the House will take Cognizance of the Premises, and grant such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and of the several Merchants, Maltsters, and Ship Owners, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the Tenth Day of January last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That, the Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Norwich, which was presented to the House upon the Tenth Day of January last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon the Twenty -fourth Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charles Townshend also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 20th Day of this instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present State of the Corn Trade.

Harwood’s

Name.

Corn Trade.

An ingrossed Bill to enable William Hancood, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Backr well, pursuant to the Will of William deceased,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable William Harwood, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Backwell, pur-luant to the Will of William deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do carry the Bill to Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade;

A Petition of the Yeomen and Farmers residing on the South Downs, in the County of SuJJ'cx, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Farmers, or Occupiers of sundry large Farms, on the South Downs; that the greatest Part of the said Downs, which are in Tillage, are Annually sowed V01..3*.

Ordered, That the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties in England, wherein Foreign Corn may be imported, do forthwith transmit to the Clerk of this House, an Account of the Prices of Wheat, Barley, Malt, Buck Wheat, Maflen, Rye, Bigg, Oats, Pease, and Beans, as they were presented by the Grand Juries of the said Counties at the last General Quarter Sessions.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire what Laws afe expired, or near expiring; and report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will now proceed to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Owen, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke.

9 G The

1

Account ordered; Prices of Wheat, &c.

Expiring

Laws.

Pembroke

Election*

IS6

6° — 7*

A. 1770.

The House accordingly proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And the Counsel were called in.

And One of the Counsel for the Sitting Member in-fornied the House, that he had Instructions to acquaint the House, that he should give the House no further Trouble.

Then One of the Counsel for the Petitioner acquainted the House, that, the Counsel for the Sitting Member having declined producing any further Evidence, he would-give the House no further Trouble.

; And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

;Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Poll, taken at the late Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Pembroke, was in many Instances so irregularly taken, as to render if impo0ible for ibis: House to ascertain which of the Candidates had the Majority of legal Votes.

A:Motion was made, and the Question being put, That ;Sir Richard Phillips, Baronet, is duly elected a Knighbof the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Pembroke-,

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Hugh Owen, Esquire, is duly elected a Knight of

the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Pembroke

Jt passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Pembroke; was a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ciefting of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the CountyJ of Pembroke, in the room of Sir Richard Phillips, Baronet, whose Election for the said County has been declared void.

A Motion was made, That John Griffiths, Esquire, late. High Sheriff of the County of Pembroke, having opened the Election for chuling a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, prelided thereat, and taken the Oath appointed to be taken by Returning Officers, to return such a Person as should appear to him, to the belt of his Judgment, to have the Majority of legal Votes; and having appointed Deputies in teveral Booths, who, during the said Poll, decided in his Abicoce on the Legality of a very great Number of Votes; and having, in some Instances, refused to take into Consideration their Decisions, although he was requested so to do, and Complaint was made to him of the Partiality of the said Deputies; and having absented himselffrom the Place, of Polling during a great Part of the Time the Poll was taking, by Means whereof it became impossible for him to form a certain Judgment who had the Majority of legal Votes, acted illegally and partially, with a View to serve Sir Richard PhBaronet, and is guilty of a great Breach of his Duty as Returning Officer.

And the Sheriff being called in, and the said Charge being read to him by Mr. Speaker;

The said Sheriff wholly denied the said Charge; and desired that he might be allowed a Month’s Time to lend for his Witnesses, and to make his Defence; and that he may be heard, by his Counsel, thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Charge be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday the 2d Day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Sheriff be then heard, by his' Counsel, against the said Charge, if he thinks fit.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That, when the said Charge is heard, Witnesses be allowed to be examined in Support of the said Charge, ’ notwithstanding the Sheriff has been present during the Hearing of the Matter of the Election, and was frequently told by Mr. Speaker, that, if he thought any Matteraffeftedhim, he was at Liberty tocross-examineahy oftlie Witnesses, who were all examined in his Presence;

21

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Sheriff was again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted him with the said Orders.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, in Support of the said Charge.

The other of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Matter of the several Petitions, Carmarthen complaining of an undue Election and Return for the £Ie^on-County, Borough of Carmarthen, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tlturf day next, at Twelve of the

Clock. \

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 7® die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIIl" Regis, 1770.

Prayrrs. , ‘

/ORDERED, That all have Voices who come to the BigglefWade. Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render tcc-more effectual, several Acts, for repairing and amending Roa<ls* the Road from Bigglefxade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of ,to and

through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Neots, to

the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, is committed.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do re-deliver Pembroke to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Pembroke, Election. the several Poll Books, which were produced on the late Hearing of the Matter of the Election for the said County.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Birmingham an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King through George the Second, for repairing the Road from Bir- Elmdoa mingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, Roa ’ to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from,

in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road TunfiaU, from the present Turnpike Road in flail, in the &c* County of Stafford, through Great Chelland by Roads*

Biddulph Mill, and through Overton and over

JJmford Brieve, to the Turnpike Road from Leek tq Macclesfield, in Bofiey, in the County of Chester; and also the Road leading from Great Chell aforesaid, by Bank Top and Sneyd Green, and through Hanley Green, to the Turnpike Road in Shelton, in the said County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

'Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tunfiall, in the County of Stafford, to Bofiey, in the County o ( Chester, and from Great Chell to Shelton, in the said

County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir John Wroltefieydo carry the Bill to tire Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

io Geo. III. 7°

fliackbourton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain ludofure. Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Blackbourton, in the County of , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Martii. 757

General Keppel presented to the House, according to Kingston Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effec- Thame* tual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an &c. ’ Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Rosd; late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from Hind-head Heath, in the County of Surrey, through Fernburd Lane and Midhurst, to the City of Chichej, in the County of

Sussex-, and also for repairing and widening the Road from Chichester aforesaid, to Delky in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Norwich An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the t<jh , Road, from St. Benedict's Gate, in the County of the City 3&c. of Norwich.- to Swaffhamin the County of Norfolk, Road*. and from Halfpenny Bridge, in to the Bounds

of Yaxkam, and also a Lane called Hangman's , near the Gates of the said City, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road from St. Benedict's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the Bounds of Yaxkam, and also a Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the ' Gates of the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Norwich

to

Watton

Road.

1 Jpfuich, &c. Roads.

Holland Fen indofure.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Road from St. Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Watton, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road from St. Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill, in the Town of Walton, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. De Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the Road from Ipswich to Cleydon, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then n Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntrt, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cot. Lord Brow;slow Bertie,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Strctton Sir John Palmer presented to the House, according to inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Little in the Parish of Nor-

ton, and County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. VI,

K %

Mr. Thomas Townshend, j unior, presented to the House, Whitchurch, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to

the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks: And the lame, was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr Skipwithreported from the Committee, to whom wetteftomu

the Bill for amending the Road from Wellefbourn Mount- M°ul, tford. ford, io Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ;and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the South tylim* Bill to continue Two Acts of the Third and Seventeenth &oad* Years of the Reign of KingG^rsj-i’the Second, for repairing . the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lem ford Mill, in the County of Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom Cireocester the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made Road-in the 20th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the '

Road from Cirencester, in the County of to

Birdlip Hill, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken. That the Bill for repairing and ®r>ghton widening the Roads leading from Brighthelmflom, in the County of Sussex, through the Parishes of,

Patcham,

Wintertou

ludofure.

Tiienori

to

Newmarket ' Ro*d.

758 7° Martii. 1770.

Patcham, Piecmbe, Clayton, and Keymer, to .?/«»<? Pound,

in the said Parish of Clayton, and from thence to on the East, and Hurfipcrpoint on the West, and from Stone Pound aforesaid, through the Parishes of Slaugham, and Crawley, to the County Oak, on Lovell Heath, in the said County, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time, contains several Provi-iions not included in the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Sujj'ex, and of the several Persons usually travelling the Road from the Market Town of Bright helm-fione, to London, which was presented to the House upon the Second Day of February last, or in the Report from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 6th Day of February last, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from helmfiQue, in the County of S through the Parishes of Preston, Patcham, Piecombe, Clayton, and Keymer, to Stone Pound, and from thence to Ditchling on the East, and Hurfipcrpoint on the West, and from Stone Pound

aforesaid, through the Parishes of Cuckfield, Slaugham, and Crawley, to the County Oak, on Lovell Heath, in the said County, be discharged.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Sujj'ex, and of the several Persons usually travelling the Road from the Market Town of Bright helmflone, to London, which was presented to the

House upon the Second Day of February last, and allb . the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from helmfione, to the County Oak, on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sujj'ex: And that Mr. Harcourt and Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. IVhichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of ton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tb be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis7

faction of the Committee (except----- Studley, who

lus 28 Common Gates and 37 Acres of Land; and that the whole consists of 1229 Gates and an Half, and 2580 Acres); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for setting out a private Road to Mr. TujfnelPs Lands.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houfp to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for amending the Road from Christopher’s Bridge, in the Borough oiThetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North East End of the Town of in the County of Cambridge, and for amending the Road from

Stow Heath, in the County of Suffolk, to Brandon Bridge, in the said County, was read the Thiid Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for amending the Road from Chrifiophet 's Bridge, in the Borough cf Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North-Ealt End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General Conway do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the Manor of Cofitam, in the County of Wilts, with its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, now held under a Demise by Letters Patent under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Trust for Paul Methuen, Esquire, unto the said Paul Methuen, and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charles Towv.fi! end, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place} and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient, at this Time, to permit the Exportation of Malt.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charles Tozvnjf/end, Mr. De Grey, and Sir Edward Afiley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord North reported to the House, that their Addresses of Thursday last, That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Accounts therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad-drefies to His Majesty,

An Account of all Monies issued by any of his late Majesty’s Receivers or Collectors, or their Agents, for his said Majesty’s fecrec and special Service, from the 25th Day of October 1752, to the 25th Day of October 1760; distinguishingeach Year: And also.

An Account of all Monies issued by any of His Majesty’s Receivers or Collectors, or their Agents, for His Majesty’s secret and special Service, from the 25th Day of October 1760, to the 25th Day of October x 768; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth j

AN

CostWit

Manor.

Corn Trade,

Answer to

Addref*

forAccounts.

Accounts presented: Secret Service.

io Geo. III.

7° Martii.

759

AN ACCOUNT of all Monies issued by any of his late Majesty’s Receivers or Collectors, or their Agents, for his said Majesty’s Secret and Special Service, from the 25th Day of 1752» to the 25th Day

ol October 17605 distinguishing each Year.

' Sums issued by the Receiver of the Revenue of the Total

' Duchy of CmnwalJ. Virginia 1 Quit Rents. issued in each Year.

% ^1753. T 0 James West, Esquire, for his Majesty’sSpecial Service £ !. d. 6,000 1 1 . 1 ^1 12,890 — —

O Peter Leheup, Esquire, for - - D® - — 6>890 — J

O 1754. To James West, Esquire, for - - D® 3»oooo 5,300 1 11,300

V G Nicholas Hardinge, Esquire,' for - D® - 3,000 — 3

JT 1755. To James West, Esquire, for - - D® - 6,000 — — 4,77° 10,770

: O 1756. To James West, Esquire, for - - D® - 6,000 4,000 10,000 — —

1757. To James West, Esquire, for - - D® - Nicholas Hardinge, Esquire, for - D® - 1758. To James West, Esquire, for - - D® - Co CO 0 b 8 8 1 1 1 1 v-vw — 6,000 — —

O 3,000 5,540 8,540 — —

5 1759. To James West, Esquire, for - - D° - 3,000 — 6,360 9,360

>* <U 1760. To James West, Esquire, for - D® - 7,000 — 6,360 — — 13.360 — —

H 43,000 39,220 82,220

Memorandum: There does not appear by any Entry in the Treasury Books, to have been any Payments made out of these Revenues for his Majesty’s Secret Service during the above Period: But the Sum of £.4,510 was issued by the Receiver General of the Port Office Revenue, in each of the above Years, to the Secretary of that Office, to be ditbursed by him for his late Majesty’s Service.

Presented this 7th of March 1770, by

W.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies issued by any of His Majesty’s Receivers or Collectors, or their Agents, for His Majesty’s Secret and Special Service, from the 25th Day of 1760, to the 25th Day of October 1768 j

distinguishing each Year.

Sums issued by the Receiver of the Revenue of the Total issued in each Year*

r Duchy of Cornwall. Virginia Quit Rents.

1 £. s. d. £ S. dm jr. s. d.

i 0 1761. To James West, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Special Service - -- - - - 10,000 — — 10,000 — —

*-« 0 1762. To Samuel Martin, Esquire, for - D® - 8,000 8,000 — —

k > cn G 1763. To Charles J enkinson, Esquire, for D* - 12,000 — — - 7,420 19,420

JZ *-> 1764. (Nil)- - - *

i |< 1765. To Charles Jenkinson, Esquire, for - D® - 8,000 — — _ _ __ 8,000 — —

1766. To Charles Lowndes, Esquire, for - D® - - - - 7,000 7,000 — — »

*TJ 'if t3 1767. To Charles Lozvndes, Esquire, for - D® - ... _ ' N> 0 1 1 £♦» - - 0 o /"

C O 1768. To Grey Cooper, Esquire, for - - D® - 12, COO _ 1

w* c £ To Photnas Bradshaw, Esquire, for - D° - 'J 6,360 J l8,86o —

JZ c v-l jC* 50,500 28,200 78,700

'Memorandum: There does not appear by any Entry in the Treasury Books, to have been any Payments made out of thel'e Revenues for His Majesty’s Secret Service during the above Period.

Presented this 7th Day of March 1770, by

IV. Speer.

Vol. 32. pH Ordered,

Whtrrton

lodoiure.

Account ordered; Longitude.

Trial? of Controverted Elections.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Benniworth

inclosure.

A Member take* Oaths.

760 70 — 8 'Ma 1770.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruted by the Members of the House.

' Notice being taken. That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Winter ton, in the county of ; which

Bill was this Day reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of what Money has been issued, by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in Pursuance of Two several Acts of Parliament passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and for the Improvement of the Lunar Tables con-itru&ed by Tobias Meyer, late Professor at or

any Discovery or Improvement useful to Navigation { distinguishing the Times when, the Persons to whom, and the Occasions upon which, the said Sums were respectively paid.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Grenville, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Wedderburn, Nls: W/lately, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Pownall, Mr. Thomas , Junior, Mr. Burke, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The dther Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° di Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii III. U Regis, 1770. Prayers.

MR. Whichcotreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the-Parish of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto'; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an

Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Land* and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Abington gotts, otherwise Abington in the , in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Parishes of Poulton,

Lytkam, and Bi/pham, and Townships of Pree/all and Stalmine, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true t and- that the Committee had gone through the Bill', and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read' the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the'Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. John Robin/on reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of BaJ/enthwaite, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates of the Value of £. 345 per Annum, who, being applied to, refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Estates of the Value of /. 42 per Annum, several of whom seemed to be indifferent, and the others could not be found; and that the whole of the Estates interested in the said Inclosure are of the Value of £. 1,661. as. per Annum); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the' Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain, called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1770, was read a Second Time.

Benniuortk

Inclosure.

Notgrove

Inclosure.

Abington

Pigotts

Inclosure.

Poulton, See. Small Debtv

Bilfrathwajtf

Inclosure,

Militia Pay and C loathing.

io GeO. III.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rdolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Southampton Sir John Molesworth presented to the House, accord-Streets. ing to Order* a Bill for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing, the Streets and other public Passages, in the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Saint

John, Holy Rhood', Saint All Saints within the

Bar, All Saints without the and East Street and Bagrow, within the Town of and Liberties

thereof, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

South Mims An ingrossed Bill to continue Two Acts of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield in the Parish of South

Mims, in the County of , to Lemsford Mill, in

the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue Two Acts of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of to Lemsford Mill, in

the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Uppingham Sir Charles Whit worth reported from the Committee,

Inciomre. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of the Common Fields in the Parish of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, was committed; Tint the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Six Acres of Land in the Fields, whereof the Lands to be inclosed are a Part, and of Twelve Cottages, whereof the Proprietors of Three Acres and a Half, and some of the Cottages, could not be found, some were not applied to, and the rest refused to sign the Bill, but gave no Reasons for it; and that the whole of the Lands in the said Fields, whereof the Lands to be inclosed are a Part, contain 1,185 Acres, or thereabouts, and the whole Number of Cottages are 65); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Derby Hills An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain

Inclosure. Common or Waste Ground, called Derby Hills, in the County of Derby, Parcel of the Manor of Castle Doning-ton, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Derby Hitls, in the County of Derby, Parcel of the Manor of Castle Donington, in the Counties ot Leuefier and

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 31.

761

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Colham Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Manof‘ enabling His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the Manor of Cofham, in the County of , with its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, now held under a Dernife by Letters Patent under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Trust for thnen, Esquire, unto the said Paul Methuen and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Leeds Order, a Bill for making a navigable Cut or Canal, from ,. to . Leeds, in the County of York, to the Sea Bank, near the 'calaJL North Ladies Walk, in Liverpoole; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eighth Year of Queen Anne, the Third Year of King George the First, the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, and the second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Harbour of Liverpoole: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to East Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Newton Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of *ne*°"ire‘ East Newton, in the Parish of Aldborough, in Holderness, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Thornton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common I"<dofute. and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Manor of Thornton, in Bradford Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the yearly Value of £. 11 1) who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands of the yearly Value of £. 153. io*. who did not intermeddle in it; and that the whole of the Lands intended ' to be inclosed, are of the yearly Value of £.787; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and h« read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Floufe; and an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Or- Brfehtfcelm-

der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading ft°nc> from Bright helmftone, to the County Oak, on Lovell Heath,

in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Sandys Reported from the Committee, to whom St.Clemeat the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers Danes of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of fVflminster, and County of

8° Martiu

762 8° Martii. A. 1770.

of Middle/x, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; an Act pafl'ed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing a regular and nightly Watch, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Clement Danes, in the

Liberty of Westminsterand County of , was

read; whereby it appeared, that several Powers and Authorities are granted for the said Purposes: And,

Mr. Edmund Combe, being examined, said. That there is no Provision made in the said Act for purchasing Ground to build a Workhouse upon, or for buying Materials for employing the Poor, or for the Recovery of the Rates thereby granted, from Persons who remove out of the Parish; which Provisions would be beneficial; and that the Act is in other respects defective.

Mr. Richard Prior and Mr. John Arpin, Churchwarden and Overseer of the said Parish, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Clement in the Liberty

of Wetlmlnfterand County of Middlesex: And that

Mr.' Sandys and the Lord Percy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

Great The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act *Rgt°i"’&C’ for repairing and widening the Road, from Upton, in the 0 #* Parish of Rat ley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Raftings, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also, Leeds The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitule^. An Act 1 tnto enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the

Road! Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for. repairing the Road from Leeds to , in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield; without any Amendment: And also, Lyme Regis The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. to continue and render more effectual an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads, in the Counties of and Devon, lead-

ing to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Rill, to the Turnpike Road at the "Three A/Jtes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Scawby The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Indolure. for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Scazvby, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also, Angerftein’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^at* for naturalizing John Julius; without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Roxburgh Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to nuke out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to lerve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Roxburgh, in the room of the 'Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to *7

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, P>e’i

upon the Bill to enable the Com mi Hi oners for executing to tkt

the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or rown‘ the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown from William Pye, for which they are Sureties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom Newcastle the Report which was made from the Committee, to upon Tyne whom the Petition of Robert Treall, Richard Wind, Keelmen, kc. James Cumings, Robert Coventry, William Nicholson,

David Elder, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Skippers and Keelmen employed by Hoaftmen or Fitters of Newcastle upon Tyne, and also Skippers and Castors employed by Fitters of,

in the County Palatine of Durham, in working, navigating, unloading, or delivering. Keels, upon the Rivers Tyne and Wear, on Behalf of themselves and others.

Skippers, Keelmen, and Castors, fp employed there; and also the Petition of the Keelmen, Skippers of Keels, and Castors, of the Port of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County of Durham, had been severally referred; was recommitted; That the Committee had further considered the Matter of Fast contained in the first-mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof* together with the Resolutions of the Committee upon both the said Petitions,.to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing at the Carmarthen Bar of this House, the Matter of the several Petitions, Election. complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County Borough of Carmarthen;

The Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read.

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said County Borough, made the 19th Day of March 1727, was read; whereby it was resolved, " That " the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Carmarthen, is in the Burgesses of the said Borough."

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, forreftraining the Counsel, at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence, touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard.

And the original Poll, taken at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said County Borough, was produced and read.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed, in order to establish a Majority in Favour of the Petitioner, to produce Evidence to prove, that Twenty Persons, having a Right to vote, had offered their Votes for the Petitioner at the last Election, and had been rejected; it was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, that the said Twenty Persons did offer their Votes for the Petitioner, and were rejected.

Then

IO Geo. Ill 8° Mar763

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed , from tl^e Mayor, Burgesses, arid Commonalty, of the Coun-to produce Evidence to prove, that the Persons fore- ty Borough of Carmarthen; the other from the Mer-jeded bad been admitted Burgesses of the Town and chants, Tradesmen, Inhabitants, and Freeholders of the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, before the Ac- laid Borough, both of which dated that the Corporation ceptance of the new Charter; the Counsel for the Sitting was at that Time dissolved, and therefore prayed that Member admitted, that Nineteen of the said Twenty His Majesty would grant them a new Charter.

Persons were so aid mi t ted. And Evidence was produced to prove, that the said

.Then Evidence was produced to prove, that the other Petitions were signed by several of the Petitioners now

Person was also admitted. claiming to be Burgesses.

‘‘Then the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed And the said Petitions were read; and the Report of to produce Evidence to prove, that before the Accept- the Opinions of the Attorney and Solicitor General there-aiice of the new Charter, the said Twenty'Persons had, upon, was also read.

as Burgesses, done Corporate" Acts, in the Election of And a Witness was examined, in order to prove, that Mayors or (Common Council Men, or had voted for the none of the Persons now claiming to be Burgesses, had Election pi Members to serve in Parliament, or had after the Judgment obtained in the same of the King and

signed the Returns of such Members. Roger Philips, claimed to act as such till the last Election.

The same was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting: And then the Counsel on both Sides were again direct-

Member. ed to withdraw.

Then One of the Counsel for the Petitioners summed up his Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard.

And having proposed to produce the Charter granted to the said Corporation by King Henry the Eighth, to shew, that, by the ancient Constitution of the said Borough, the E left ion of Mayor, was to be in the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty;

The same was admitted by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member having proposed to produce in Evidence, a Copy of a Bye Law, of the 10th of July, in the Thirty-sixth Year of Queen Elizabeth, extraded from a Book which appeared to have been loft, and which had been read in Evidence in Two Trials at Hereford, to shew, that by that Bye Law the Right of Election of Mayor, was transferred from the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, to the Mayor and Common Council only; and that therefore, all, EIedion$ of Mayor m^de since that Time, had been illegal;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That a Paper, purporting to be a Copy of a Bye Law of the Borough of , and which was

read in Evidence as such oh Two Trials at , in

the Years 1748 and 1758, be now admitted to be read in Evidence;

The same was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Counsel were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member produced in Evidence the said Copy of a Bye Law,

Then having proposed to prove, that, since the 36th of Queen Elizabeth, the Election of Mayor has been, in Pursuance of the said Bye Law, by the Mayor and Common Council only;

The same was admitted by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member having proposed to produce a Copy of the Record of a Judgment, obtained in the Year 1758, in a Cause between the King and Roger Phillips, to shew that the Point of the

Illegality of the Election of such Mayors was then determined; and that the Burgesses now in Question had Notice of that Judgment, and acquiesced in that Deci-fion, and submitted to it;

The said Evidence was objected to by the Counsel for the Petitioners, as not admilfable, none of the Petitioners being Parties to that Trial.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Copy of a Record of the Judgment, in the Cause of the King and Roger , be

admitted to be read in Evidence.

And the Counsel wereagain called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Then several Parts of the said Record were read.

And Two Petitions to His Majesty were produced, One Voi. 32.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-' posed. That the Twenty Persons proposed by the Counsel for the Petitioners to be added to the Poll, having1 been admitted Burgesses of the County Borough of Carmarthen, and enjoyed and exercised their Rights as Burgestes of the said Borough for Twenty Yean and upwards, preceding the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, had a Right to give their Votes at the said Election;

An Amendment was proposed to* be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " Borough," and before the Word "had" these Words "during the " greatest Part of which Time, the Validity of the Bye " Law, under the Authority whereof they were elected " and admitted, was in Litigation."

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the (aid' proposed Amendment, by adding at the End thereof* the Words " in Causes to which the said Twenty Persons were no Parties."

And the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the proposed Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That the said Amendment, so amended, stand Part of the Question; '

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Main Question, (b amended, being put. That the Twenty Persons proposed by the Counsel for the Petitioners to be added to the Poll, having been admitted Burgesses of the County Borough of Carmarthen, and enjoyed and exercised their Rights as Burgesses of the said Borough for Twenty Years and upwards, preceding the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, during the greatest Part of which Time the Validity of the Bye Law, under the Authority whereof they were elected and admitted, was in Litigation, in Causes to which the said Twenty Persons were no Parties, had a Right to give their Votes at the said Election;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J J 3°-

Telte for the Noes, j \ ion

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Griffith Phillips, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the County Borough of Carmarthen;

Mr. Phillips withdrew.

Resolved, That Griffith Phillips, Esquire, is duly elected a Buigefs to serve in this present Parliament for the County Borough of Carmarth.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County

9I

Cirenceftrr

Election.

Ceihtm

Manor.

Wellfrourn

Mountfort,

fcc*

Road.

St. Anne, Westminster, Paving.

7<?4 8* — 9*

of Gloueeftrr be heard at the Bar of this House, "upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V merit, 9* die Martii;

Anno 1 o' Georgii IIP" Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for enabling His Majesty, togrant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the Manor of Cosham, in the County of with its Rights, Mem-

bers, and Appurtenances, now held under a Demise by Letters Patent under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Trust for Methuen, Esquire, »nto the said Paul Methuen, and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant the In-1 heritance in Fee Simple of the Manor of , in the County of Wilts, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, now held under a Demise by Letters Patent under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Trust for Paul Methuen, Esquire, unto, the said Paul Methuen, and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An logrolled Bill for amending the Road, from Wells-bowrn Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County

Of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending the Road, from Welljbourn Meuntfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee,' to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. , within the Liberty of Westminster, whose Name are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fotloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; several Acts passed for paving, cleaning, and lighting, the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for removing Annoyances and Obstructions therein, were read: And,

Mr. David Salter informed your Committee, That the Commissioners appointed to execute the said Acts, have made a considerable Progress in paving the Streets, and other Places, within the said Parish; but that there are yet several Streets remaining unpaved: And he said. He apprehended, that if a seperate Commission was appointed for the Parish of St. Anne, the Pavements might be completed sooner, and at a less Expence, than they can be under the general Laws.

Then he produced to your Committee a Paper, containing the Names of the several Streets within the said Parish, distinguishing those which have been already paved by Commissioners for putting the said recited Acts in Execution, from the Streets which still remain to be paved; and he also produced an Account of the Num-2Z

Martii. A. 1776.

t 1

ber of square Yards of Pavement, in the said Parish,

together with an Estimate of the Expence which will attend the paving the several Streets, and other Places within the same, and the annual Expence of keeping the said Pavements properly repaired and cleansed, and of lighting the said Streets and other Places: And being asked, How it was proposed to defray the Expences thereof? he said. It was intended to lay a Rate of is. 6 d.in the Pound upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, according to the present Proportion of rating the said Inhabitants towards the Relief of the Poop, which, by an Estimate he had made, will produce a . Sum more than sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid.

And being asked the Question, he said. That he was of Opinion, that the several Works aforesaid would be sooner executed, and equally as well, and cheaper, and more to the Satisfaction of the Inhabitants, under a separate Commission of themselves, than under the present . Laws, as the Works would be more immediately under their own Inspection, than they can. be under the Inspection of the present Commission, who, from the Ex-tenfiveness of the Commission, must, of Necessity, trust much more to the Care and Fidelity of their Servants, than Commissioners residing upon the Spot would be obliged to do.

William Wright, Esquire, confirmed Mr. Salter's Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing several Acts, passed for paving, dearifing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint Anne; and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish: And that Mr. Sandys, the Earl Percy, and Mr,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging the Term granted: by an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, arid from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over HoWell Hill, to and

also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Peble Hill, in the said County; and for impowering the Trustees appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, to make a yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth* of George the Second; and fof taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustiei appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, and putting them under tha Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Secondand for repairing the Road from Povey Croft, in the County of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Sussex; and also the Road from Woodhatch t6 Peteridge Lane, in the1 County of Surrey; was read a Second’Time.

Resolved, Th^t the Bill be committed to Mr. Cocks, Sir Charles Frederick, &c.: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing several Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

Sutton

Sec.

Roads.

Welton

lodofure.

Clrenccftar

Road.

so Geo. III. o° Martii. 705-

Reftdved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be; An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from , in the County of

Gbucester, to BirdlipHill, in the said' County.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. , .

S

v vnb6ro«gh A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, i:.dofiir«. Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of and Doddtnglon,

in the Manor and Parish of Westborough cum Doddingtonr in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Which-art, Mr. Weddell,&c.: And they are to meet this After* noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Carlton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure. mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, a Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Gnat Carlton and Castle in tho

County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Which-cot, Mr. Amcotts, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

St.George, Mr. Ckrzonreported from the Committee, to whom

Hanover the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestry-Square, men, of the Parish of St. , Hanover Square, in the *vuifr Liberty of Westminjlcrand County of , on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had-directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in "his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Three A 6ts for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the City and Liberty of Westminster, were read: And,

Mr. Simon Parry, Vestry Clerk of the said Parish, be-

ing examined, said. That Sixteen Streets have been payed, within the said Parish, by the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts; but that much the greater Part of the said Parish remains in the same Condition as it was before the passing of the said Acts; the Pavements whereof are incommodious, and the Passage obstructed by Nuisances and Incroachments:

That the Parishioners arc desirous, that the paving the said Streets should be put under the Management of Commissioners appointed for paving, cleansing, light —

lag, improving, and repairing, that particular Parish only, which, they apprehend, will greatly expedite the good Purposes intended by the said Acts; and that a. Rate of Two Shillings in the Pound will be sufficient ’ for those Purposes.

Mr. Samuel Wyatt, a Surveyor, being examined, said. That he had surveyed the said Parish, and made a very exact Estimate of the Expence of paving such Parts thereof as are necessary to be new paved, amounting to the Sum of £.45,021 for. and the annual Expence of repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the whole, amounting to £.8,360 i8j. 10 and also of the Income of an annual Rate of Two Shillings in the Pound, as, the Parish is now assessed to the Poors Rate, amounting to £.9,196 4J. o d.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing several Acts, passed for ’paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint Hano-

ver Squarej and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish: And that Mr. Curzon, the Earl Percy, Mr. Sandys, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Vol. jz.

Mr. Sandyt presented to the House, according to St.Taitw*, Order, a Bill for repealing several Acts, passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Square?, Streets, a in®‘ and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent so far as they relate to the Parish . of, Saint James; and for better paving, cleansing, and j lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish: And' the same Was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secpnd Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Certain Parcel of frunnlngton Open Ground, called DunningtpnMoor, in the East' ’Indoliire, Riding of the County of York, Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Weddell,

Mr. Whichcot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of Sherbum the Common Arable, Fields, and the Common Meadows, lnelofure. Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, -within the Townships of Sherbum, Barkfton

Ash, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hawke,

Mr. Gilbert, SCc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

A Bill lor enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Bromyard palfed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Road. Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hertford, ' therein mentioned, and for amending several other Roads adjoining thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley,

Mr. Grosvenor, See.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, Blackhcath, an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His Majesty’s &c* Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of -heath, of Bromley, and Beckenham, of Rokeftey, otherwise Ruxley, and Little and LeJJ'ness, in the County of

Kent, and One other Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burrell,

Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet this After*

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Bulkington Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Iodpfure,. Parish of Bulkington, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

' The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5.1.4. To fill the Blank with " the major Part."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bulkington, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Clarke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, the &c. Road, from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to ®-°*^* the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane in Fer-nille, in the County of Derby, leading to Chaptf in the Frith: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rtfohedj.

Ravenftone

Inclosure.

Stockport,

See.

Roads*

larfviclc

Inclosure*

Breeder

to

Aylesbury

Road*

Clyde

Bridge

King’s Lynn Southgate Road*

766 ' o° Maritt. ' ' A. 1770.'

.. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

‘Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mead ows, and Waste Ground, in the Lordship or Liberty of Ravetiflone, otherwise Raunstone, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Elizabeth as

Guardian to her Son Robert , a Minor, who is

possessed of 45 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill, having an Objection to One of the Commimoners, but approved of the Inclosure; and that the Lands intended to be inclosed, consist of 447 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared beforeJ the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the . Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Grosvenor presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Open Ground, in the Township of Earjwick, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savi/e, Mr. iVhichcot, fice.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Earl Verney reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fol. 15.1. 8. being feHerally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Captain Lockhart Ro/s presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain Roads and Avenues leading to the feme: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads ftom the South Gate, in the Borough of King's;

into the Parities of East Walton, Stoke

Ferry, and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward AJlley, Sir Harbord Harbord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's , into the Parishes of Gtyton and Grimfiene and to the Gate next . Hillington, on Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward AJlley, Mr. Seymour, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pasture Leys, and Stinted' Common Pastures; in the Township and Parish of Marlon, in the County of Lincol was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. La/celles, tec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Farms and Estates, in the Counties of Warwick and Northampton, lying near to the intended Course of the Oxford Canal, through those respective Counties, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the last Session, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Canal Navigation,

to the City of Oxford; and that, by the said Act, the Junction of the Oxford Canal with that of Coventry is fixed at a Place called Longford, and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application has been made for a Bill to alter the Junction of the Two Canals at Longford aforesaid, and for making the same at or near Bedworth Field; and that the Petitioners conceive, it would be of great public Detriment, if the present Attempt for removing the Junction of the Two Canals to so much greater Distance from the said City of Coventry should be suffered to prevail: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel,: against the Bill for altering the Junction of the Two Canals, from Longford aforesaid, to Bedworth Field; and that no Bill for that Purpose may pat's into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford, is committed: And that the Petitioners be. heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their feid Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable-Lands, and Grounds, within the Liberties of Stoke Gold-inglen, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fanfittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and vary and en-laige the Powers of Two Acts, of the Twelfth Year

-of

KingV Lrn. " Eastgate Road*

Marten

inclosure.

Oxford to ‘ Coventry Caut&L

Stoke

Goldington

Incloluxe.

Speen filmland, and Marlborough Road*.

Xing’s Lynn Soiaii Debts.

Uttleport,

&c.

Roads.

Chepstow

Roads.

io Ge&JDL

9t.Martii?.

of the Reigd of KingGewge the.Firil, and the.Eiglaleehtht Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for, repairing the Highways from. SpienJunnland, in the County of Berks), to Marlborough, io the Countydf Wilts, and for repair-, ing several other Roads therein cnentionexl: Anti th& same was received; and read the tuft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a-Second Time,/

i \ 4

- A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery offmaft Debts, within the Borough and Liberties of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

RtfolvedyiThdit the Bill be committed to Si/ John

Turner, Mr. Charles Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Alternoooo, at F*ve of the Clock., sin the Speaker’s Chamber. J

Sir John IhnJe Cotton preferred to the House, ac«. cording to Older, a Bill to erttend the Provisions in Two Acts, pafl'ed in the Third arid Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from. Cambridge to-Ely, and from Ely to Littleport, and to the Bank of The Hundred Foot River, and other Roads therein men-: Honed, to the Roqd from Hill to Erith, and

from the House of George Farriu. to the House of Love Q>wtn, and for making other Provision for repairing the said Road from Ely to Littleport, and to the Bank of The Hundred Foot River, and for making and keeping io Repair, a Road from Uttleport to Chequer Corner, ip Downham, in the Counties of Cambridge arid Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,- intituled, An Act for repairing the Road, from the Village of to the Bridge

Foot,'in the Town of Cf'pftow, in the County of mouth, and other Roads in the Counties of- Monmouth and Gloucester, and also of several Gentlemen, and

others, of the Counties of Monmouth,

ford, and Brecon; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of ;were

severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to yeport the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table .-’Where thf same was read; and is as followeth; ?/£.

To prove the Allegations of the First mentioned Peti-i tion; the said Act was read: And,

- Charles Fan, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trutlces have proceeded to put the said Act in Exe-> cut ion, and have borrowed the Sum of £. i^yoooo, or thereabouts; and that the said Money cannot be repaid, and the Roads completed, unlets the Term granted by the said. Act be further continued, and the Powers altered and enlarged;

That it would be more convenient to the Public, if the Road from Ragland, through the Parish of vihartgeljuxta Ujk, by Penyr in the Parjfh of

gattock juxta Ujk, towards Abergavenny, were repaired and widened, instead of the Road from ,through the

Parish of Lanvihangeljuxta Ujk, by the Church of

Langattock juxta Ujk; and also if the Roads through Newport by Malpas Pill, by Nantcoch, along Gojdcroft Common, through the Town and Village of in

the Parish of Christ Church, and along the pew Road, over the Land of Charles Van, Esquire, towards Chep-fiow, were repaired and widened, in Head of the Road through Newport and St. Ju/eans, to the Town of Caeileoir, and that the Roads front thence to Abergavenny cannot be repaired and widened without further Aid of Parliament.

William. Morgan, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road, from the Queen's Head to Long Town, are in

Vol. 32.

some Places narrow and ruinous r and- that the Roads In general are narrow, and in a ruinous Condition, and capnot bq repaired and widened w'fthopt the Aid Parliament.*

Several Members present confirmed the above Evidence, to the narrow and ruinous Condition of the; t said Roads. ’

To the Second meptioqed, Petition; William -

gtin, E%stre, being again examined, laid, That the Road leading frprn the Town of Abergavenny, through the Parishes of Xrt»/ol/?, Lanwennarth, Lawyer, and

Aberystwith, in the County of Monmouth, and gattock, Crick, Howell, and Lanelly, in the County of Brecon, to the Coal Pits and Lime Kilns in the said;

Parishes, are in a ruinpus Condition, ip some Parts nar-; row, and cannot be repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and after apd enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made rn the Thirty-first Year of hi? late Majesty, for repairing the Road, from the Village of Magor, to the Bfidg: Foot in tfte Town of in thq

County of Mownovt/f.and other Roads in the Counties

of Monmouth and Gloucester; and for repairing and Widening: several other Roads, adjoining to the said'

Roads: And- that Mr. Morgan, Mr. Clayton, and $if Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Mr. Charles Townshend presented to the House, accord-. Exportation ing to Order, a Bill to permit the Exportation of Malt:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr- Methuen presented to the House according to.

Order, a Bill fqr dividing, allotting, and i'nclosing, the.

Open' apd Common Fields, apd the Midsummer and Lammas, and other Commpnable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, and the Common or Waste Ground called Aulcejhr Heath, within the Manor of Ap/cester, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bjll be read a Second Time.

Malt.

Aulceftrr

Indofurr,

Mr. Richard Sutton presented to the House, according st. Alban’s, to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, . of Three Acts, for repairing the Roads. Highways, through the several Parishes of Saint Michael,

Saint Albaft, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and ? And thfr

fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tipif*

4

A Bill for continuing, amending, and rendering more Seveaoakes effectual, so much of Three Acts of Parliament, for re- &c. pairing the Roads from Sevenoakes, Tunbridge Wells, and Road* Ripping's Cross, to Lamberhnrfi Pound and Pullin's Hilli in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sii/Jex, as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge , and Ripping's Cross, in the said County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir Charles Farnaby, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for preventing the Stealing of Dogs, Was read Dog a Second Time. Stealing,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ion, Sir George Tonge, &c..: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better Prefer vat ron of the Game, within Prefemtiotf that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a of Second Time’, , Gam*‘

v 9 K Resolved,

7<JB

Martii.

A. 1770.

Leeds

1 j

Liverpool*

Canal.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ton, Sir George Yonge, fee.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Honourable Sir Jo/ep/i Yates, Henry Wilmot, Esquire, and J Widow, as Executors

and Trustees of the lad Will and Tedament of the late David Poole, Esquire, Serjeant at Law, deceased; and also of Roger Holt, Esquire, John , Esquire,

and John Walmesley, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and the other Executors of Edward , Esquire, deceased, and Alexander Leigh, Gentleman, who, together with the

Earl of Mexborough, are Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the River alias , in the County Palatine of was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Navigation was undertaken by Virtue, and under the Powers, of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making the River Douglas, alias AJ, navigable, from the River

Ribble, to IVigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and completed in June 1742 j tfee Charges and Expences whereof, and of such other Works as have been since made thereupon, for the Improvement thereof, amount to £.30,000 and upwards; and that the Carriage of Coal and Cannel down the said River, for public Sale, is the principal and only Article in Trade, whereby any considerable Profits do or can arise from the said Navigation j and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the Town of , in the County of York, to the Town of , in the said County of Lancaster, forthceffeding of which, an Aque-dud is intended to be laid, for carrying such Canal over the said River, at or near a Place called Nezv-burgh; which Design, if carried into Execution, will destroy the Profpcd the Petitioners have of rendering the Navigation of the said River in any Degree answerable to the Expences already laid out thereupon; and that

the great Inconvenience and Detriment arising from the Construction of the said intended Aquedud might be prevented, if a Communication was opened, from the said intended Canal, to and with the said Navigation of the River Douglas, alias at some Part of the said

River above the said intended Aquedud, and upon the same Level with the said Canal; and if such Communication was continued, and carried on, by being locked down into the said River, at some Part thereof below the said intended Aquedud, thereby to open a Passage into and through the said River, as well to and other Parts of the Western Coast, as also to foreign Parts: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves or their Counsel, and may be relieved, touching the said Aquedud, by the Ways and Means aforesaid, or otherwise in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making a navigable Cut or Canal, from Leeds, in the County of , to the Sea Bank, -near the North Ladies , in Liverpool; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eighth Year of Queen , the Third Year of King George the First, the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, and the Second Year of His present Majesty,. relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; be read a Second Time.

Wilden Ferry p^ Petition of the Most noble Francis Duke of

RuncornGap atcr> was presented to the House, and read; Setting Navigation. forth, That an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, to enable the Petitioner to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from Salford to Worjley Mill, and Middle Wood, and Hollin in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and that another Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of his said Majesty, to enable the

Petitioner to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from Worfley Mill, over the River Jrwell to , and to

Longford Bridge, in the said County Palatine; and that another Act passed in the Second Year of His present’ Majesty, to enable the Petitioner to extend the said Canal from Longford Bridge, to or near the in the County of Chester, there to communicate with the River Mersey; and that another Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near, Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at, or near, Runcorn Gap; and it appearing, that if the said Navigation to be made by the Petitioner by virtue of the said Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, and the said Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, were to communicate with each other, at Preston Brook, near Preston on the Hill, in the said County of Chester, and be from thence carried on, by the same Canal, to the River Mersey, at, or near, Runcorn Gap, it would render both the said Navigations, more convenient and complete, and be of greater Advantage to the Public than if the same had terminated at the -fiones; the Petitioner thereupon expressed his Willing-ness to make such Communication at Preston; and, at his own Coils and Charges, to carry on, and maintain, the said Navigation, from thence, to, or near, Runcorn Gap, upon being allowed to take a small Tonnage upon the fame; and Powers were accordingly given the Petitioner, by the said last mentioned Act, to complete the said Navigation, from such Junction,. to, or near, Runcorn Gap; and that the Petitioner has made considerable Progress in the Execution of the said Work; and is now proceeding, with great Expedition, to iinish and complete the same, upon the Plan agreed and directed by the said last mentioned Act; which will be of great Service to the Public, and to all those Inland Navigations which will communicate, through it, with the Port of Liverpool; and that, by a Clause in the last mentioned Act, the Petitioner is restrained from making the said Cut or Canal within the Distance of 360 Yards from the Mansion House of Sir Richard Brook, called Norton Hall, or otherwise than above the Woods on the Southerly Side of the said Mansion House, and on the Westerly Side of the Farm House opposite the Field called The Great Grime; or to take, or divert, any Water out of the Mill Pool belonging to the said Sir Richard Brook, near the said Mansion House, or out of the Streams which flow into the said Pool; and that the Petitioner, not being sufficiently informed of the particular Restrictions intended, and how far the same might afled the Execution of the said Plan, had not an Opportunity of laying before Parliament the necessary Evidence relative thereto, at the Time of passing the said Act; and that the Petitioner finds, from the most accurate Surveys, Levels, and Observations, which he has caused to be taken and made, since the passing the said Act, that, from the Nature and Situation of the Ground, and Springs of Water, before mentioned, and from the Depth which the said Canal mull necessarily be made, to keep it in the Course described by the said Act, it will be absolutely im-pradicable to execute it, under the Restrictions therein directed and prescribed; and that the Petitioner observes, that a Bill is depending in the House, to amend the said Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, and for granting further Powers: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make Provision in the said Bili for permitting him to vary the Course described in the said Act, under such Restrictions as to the House shall seem proper.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Pnall appear toabem, to the House; ,

The

A Member takes Oaths.

WMenFerry,

to

Runcorn

Cap.

Navigation.

Dover

Election.

Exports to American Colonies.

Supply.

10 Gko. III. 90 Martii. % 769

The House was moved, That Part of an Act made Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in- he was directed by the Committee to move, that they tituled, An Act for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, may have Leave to fit again.

from the River Trent, at or near W'tlden Ferry, in the Ref rived. That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Run- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole torn Gap, might be read. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

And the same being read accordingly; ' His Majesty*

A Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made.and subscribed the Declaration, and Ordered, That the Order made upon Wednesday the ^Hjlithgow taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and 24th Day of last, for hearing at the Bar of this on*

having delivered in to the Clerk of the House, an Ac- House, upon Monday Morning next, the Matter of the count of his Qualification and taken and subscribed Petition of Esquire, complaining of an

the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made undue Election and Return for the Shire of Linlithgow, for those Purposes j be now read.

the Question was put, That the said Petition be re- And the said Order being read accordingly; ferred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the Ordered, That the Matter of thejlaid Petition be

fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ycas.j^; fjf/-'.

Tellers for the Noes, j.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Motn- Way* Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mean*. Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, be re- House, to consider further of Ways and Means fof ceived upon Monday Morning next. raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.-

The Lord North presented to the House, according Refo That this House will, upon Monday Mofn- Militia

to Order, a Bilt to repeal so much of an Act made in ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Pay and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in- House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the vtoathing. tituled. An Act for granting certain Duties in the Bri- Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great tish Coloriies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Expor- Day March 1770.

tation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of

the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Pye’iCebt

discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Ware exported to America-, and for more effectually enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of preventing the Clandestine Running of Goods in the said Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord Colonies and Plantations, as lays Duties upon Glass, High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound, with Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Paste- William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown boards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, of the Produce or from for which they are Sureties, was

Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of His committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Majesty’s Colonies in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Newcastle

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert 7ra»//, uP°nTy»e

Richard Wind, James Cumings, Robert Coventry, William en,8tc* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to NicholsonDavid Elder, and others, whose Names are resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to thereunto subscribed, being Skippers and Keelmen em-consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, ployed by Hoaftmen or Fitters of Newcastle upon Tyne, be now read. and also Skippers and Castors employed by Fitters of

And the said Order being read accordingly; Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham, in work-

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Establishment ing, navigating, unloading, or delivering, Keels, upon " for Senegambia, for One thousand Seven hundred and the Rivers Tyne and Wear, on Behalf of themselves and " Seventy," be referred to the said Committee. others, Skippers, Keelmen, and Castors, so employed

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the there; and also the Petition of the Keelmen, Skippers Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in of Keels, and Castors, of the Port of Sunderland, near the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Sea, in the County of Durham, had been severally raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer referred, was re-committed, be taken into Considera- Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven tion upon Morning next,

hundred and Sixty-nine, be referred to the said Committee. And then the House adjourned till Monday

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- ' Morning next, Ten of the Clock,

tnittee.

' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee. . *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Vol. 32.

142.

x75-

heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being fead}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- State of the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Natioe* House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Navcnby

lneloiure.

Foxton

Inclosure.

Notgrove

Inclosure.

Leeds

to

Liverpoole

Canal.

77°

12° Ma

A. 177

Lunce> 12® die;

Anno to* Georgii III"' Regis, 1770.

Prayers*

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of , in

the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Scrape do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bitl for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of ion, in the County of Leicej, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vtenon, Mr. Amcotts, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Notgrove, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bar-rozv, Mr. Southwell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the 'Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making a Navigable Cut or Canal, from Leeds, in the County of York, to the Sea , near the North Ladies Walk, in Lj and for enlarging the Term and Powers of fev^ral Acts, passed in the Eighth Year of Queen Anfie, the Third Year of King George the First, the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, and the Second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Harbour of > was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Sfr William Meredith, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House. was moved. That the Petition of the Honourable Sir Joseph Yates, Henry Wilmot, Esquire, and Jane Poole, Widow, as Executors and Trustees of the last Will and Testament of the late David Poole, Esquire, Serjeant at Law, deceased; and also of R.o-ger Holt, Esquire, John Chadwick, Esquire, and John Walmesley, Esquire, oh Behalf of himself and, the other Executors of Edward Holt, Esquire, deceased, and Alexander Leigh, Gentleman, who, together with the Earl of Mexborough, are Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Douglas, alias AJland, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruiftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the said Committee.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, bfebum Lands, and Commons, within the Township and Parish BCo(urc* of Great Ufeburn, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

jEast Newton Inclosure.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township, of East Newton, in the Parish of Aldborough, in Holderness, in the County of York, was read a-Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Sir William Meredith See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Doctor Burrell do carry to the Lords, New

the ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Chappel

Repair, the Road from New Chappel, in the County of &c-

Sutrey, oveF Coptkorn, in the County of through ^oad*

Lindfield, to the Town of DitcJiling, up to the Top of Ditchling BoJhills, in the said County of Sussex, and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereto.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Kingston and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an "P°n Tham?> Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from Hindhead Heath, in the County of , through Fernhurst Lane and Midburjl, to the City of,

in the County of Sussex j and also for repairing and widening the Road from Chichester aforesaid, to , in the said County i was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Kepple, Sir George Yonge, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Wintertoa Open Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Inclosure. Parish of Winterton, in the County of Lincoln, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved^That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Winterton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Bemtiworth Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the Inclosure. Paridi of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Louth,

&c.

Roads.

Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms, and en- ipfu-kh. &c. larging the Powers of several Acts of Parliament, made Road*, for repairing the Road from Ipswich to , and several

io Geo. III.

12

Martii.

771

Lilktard

Hoads.

Stretton

ladofure.

Boulton, See. SomU Debts.

New Sarum Poor.

Abington

Pigotts

Inclosure.

Glasgow

to

Monklands

Navigation.

veral other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the Road from Ipswich to and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Salt presented to the House, according to Order, d Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by.an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, from the East End of WestTaphouse Lane, to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row , and also the Road from the said Borough of Liskeard to Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point, and from Craft Hole aforesaid, to Saint Germans Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon\ and for amending the Roads from Bam Street to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street, to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Post, to Treworgey Croft, in the County of Cornwall: And the same was received j and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Little Stretton, in the Parish of Norton, and County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Parishes of , Kirkham, Lytham, and Bifpham, and Townships of Pree* fall and Stalmine, in the County Palatine of Lanctffer, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the mote easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Parishes of Poulton,

Lytham, and Bifpham, and Townships of PreefaU and Stalmine, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Sir Henry do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Fox and Mr. Bovverie be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for consolidating the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes of

Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Abington Pigotts, otherwise in the Clay, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John

Hynde Cotton, Sir Roger Moflyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow, and of Sir John Stewart of Castle-milk, Archibald Hamilton of Rofehall, Daniel Campbell of Shawfteld, James Buchanan of Drumpellier, John Warck of Ritts, George Nifbett of CaimhiU, Robert Coult of Garturk, James Dougale of Eafierhouse, Robert Dreghorn of Ruchill, all Proprietors of Land and Coal on the Tract of the Canal thereafter mentioned, was referred , That the Committee had examined the Matter of the

Vol. 3*

St Clement Dane* Poor, Ice,

said Petition } and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; John Colvill, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Price of Pit Coal is greatly increased in the City of Glasgow \ that there are great Quanties of Coal in the Parishes of Old and New Monklands, which may be wrought at a very moderate Expence; but cannot easily be brought to Glasgow by Land Carriage, on account of the Distance:

That by Surveys lately made, it appears to be practicable to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Collieries of Old and New Monklands to Glasgow, and to communicate by a Waggon Way from the West End of the said Canal to the City of Glasgow; and that by Means of such Canal, the Owners of those Collieries will be able to supply Glasgow with Coals at moderate Prices,

He also said. That a voluntary Subscription has been entered into, and several thousand Pounds have been subscribed, for effecting such Canal; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries, in the Parishes of Old and New Monklands, to the City of Glasgow: And that Lord Frederick Campbell and Captain Lockhart Ross do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Sandyspresented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poof of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster and County of Middlesex S And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Robert Campbell, Jonathan Raine, Peter St. Janes, Balchin, Christopher Spencer, and Richard , was Westminstajj

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have entered into several Contrafts, fof-Terms of Years, under large Penalties, with the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and have proceeded in the Business of such Contrafts and provided great Quantities of Materials, in order to enable them to complete the same; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said several Acts, so far as they relate to the Parish of St. James's, and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, in the said Parish; and that the Petitioners conceive, that, if the said Bill pafTes into a Law, they will be much aggrieved, as thereby they will be rendered incapable of executing their several Contrafts: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repealing, several Acts, passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint James, and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do make the Report froni the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing near to the Road leading from the Borough of Bury Saint to the

Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, was referred.

L Mr,

Sraadeft

to

Bonr St. Edmond* Hoad.

77*

12

Martii.

A. 1770.

r

Mr. Sandy s accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwands delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth -,'viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr.

Talbot Git ting, being examined, said. That the Road leading from Bury St. , to the Town of Newmarket, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, t^ho are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing the Road from the South End of the

Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint , in the County of Suffolk, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough df Bury Saint Edmunds, to the Town of , in

the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge.

Southampton A Bill for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing, Streets. the gtreets aDCj other public Passages, in the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Rkood, Saint Lawrence, All Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and East Street, and Bagrow, Within the Town of Southampton and Liberties thereof, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious,- was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John

Molesworth, Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stoke Roads. Sir Edward AJlley reported from the Committee, to' whom the Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants’, jvho live near the Highways and Roads leading from the Sign of The in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk, to and through the several v t^irilhes and Hamlets therein after mentioned in the said County, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to feport the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ‘and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. James Bradfeild, being examined, said, That lie knows the Roads mentioned in the Petition; that they are in a tuinous Condition in many Places, and narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Edward AJlley and Mr. De Grey do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. Bonveriepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for consolidating the Rates to, be made for the Relief of the Poor, of the respective Parishes of Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Martin, in the City of New Sarum: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cliepftow Mr. Morgan presented to the House, according to

Road*. Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and en-

large the Powers, of an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from 'the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot, in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and other i6'

Now Sarum Poor.

Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, and for repairing and widening several other Roads adjoining to the said Roads; and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, leading Brighton, from Brighthelmstone, to the County Oak on Lovell *c-

Heath, in the County of Stiffen, was read a Second Road*

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller,

Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of Uppinghaj* the Common Fields, in the Parish of Uppingham, in the inclol rc* County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Common Fields, in the Parish of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Eaton BritJga thro' X Limpsfield Road.

A Bill to permit the Exportation of Malt, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road, at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Westerham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of to

the Village of Titfey, over Botley Hill, , and

Wallbtgkam Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from Lewes to Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of ’ an Act, for amending the Road from Christopher's Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to tire North Ealt End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, within the Manor or Lordship of Brampton, in the Parish

of Longmarton, in the County of W; without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, or Tract of Ground, Parcel of Mendip, in the Parillies of Cranmore, and West Cranmore, in the County of Svmerfct; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Harwood, and his Issue, to take and

use the Surname and Arms of Backpurfuant to the

Will of William Backwell, deceased; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing John Jacob Appach-, to which the Lords ' desire tke Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The

Lewes

to

Brighton

Road.

Thetford

to

Newmarket

Road.

Brampton

Inclosure*

Mendip

Incloiiire*

Harwood's

Name.

Appach’s

Nat.

Bleeder

ro

Aylesbury

Road.

Whitchurch See. Road.

Avenues ► the House.

Cirencester

AlcAion*

Sutton* Sec. Roads*

io Geo. III. i a0 Mar 773

The’ Earl ^i?rary reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Bicejhr, in the County of Oxf, to in the County of Books, was re-committed; That the Committed had made some other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question teverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for repairing and-widening the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great in the County of

Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Townshend, Mr. Townshend,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money granted by Parliament, for making a more commodious Passage to this House, and of the Expenditure thereof.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inspect the PalFagesand Avenues to this House, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Burrell, &c. i And they are to meet this Afternoon^ at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and they have Power to adjourn from Place to Place: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Thursday last, for hearing the Matter of the said Petition, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, be discharged.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for amending the Road from the Stones End, Southwark, to High gate, in the Parish of East Grinfted, in the County of and from Kingston to Burton C, and several Lanes therein mentioned, in the County of Surrey, and also of several Inhabitants residing near, and usually travelling the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, for enlarging the Term granted by an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sid/ozv Mill, to Povey and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell to Ewell, and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County, and for impowering the Trustees appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and

Sussex, to make a Yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, and putting them under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for repairing the Road from Povey Lrofin the County of Storey, to the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and , and

Vol. 3*,

also the Road from Woodhatch to Peteridge Lane, in the County of Surrey; and that many Parts of the said Bill ate very injurious to the Petitioners, and by which they conceive themselves materially affected: And therefore praying the House that they mayibeheard, by themselves or Counsel, against several of the Matters contained in the said Bilk

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said; Petition.

> t

The Lord Burgherjk reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Bishop of Bristol to.grant a Lease or Leases of a Close of Ground, commonly called The Bishop's Park, in the Parish of Saint Augustine, other wile called Saint Augustine the Less, within the City of Brifloli or the Suburbs thereof, was committed; Tiuc the Committee had' examined the Allegations of the pill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to -report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Rift in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Burgherjk do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Samuel Reynardson, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and many other Proprietors and Owners of ancient Commonable Messuages, or Tofts, situated in the Parish of Switufkead, and-of tn^ny Rgrions, Inhabitants of such Messuages, and having Right of Common in Holland Fen, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setring forth, ThattEfc Petitioner observes, by the Votes; that a Bill is depends ring, for amending, and rendering more effectuhl, 'an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Mar jetty’s Reign, for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute Hunt re, Eight’ Hundred, or Holland Fen, ’and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland’, in the County of and

that the said Bill was ordered to be brought in upon the Petition of the Commissioners, elected; or appointed, pursuant to the above mentioned Act, and not upon the Petition of any Person, or Persons, intefefted in the said Fen; and that the Petitioner has endeavoured to inform himself of the Commissioners Proceedings under the said Act, and of the Content and Purport of their Award, and in what Manner they had executed the Trust reposed in them by the said Act; and, more particulaily, to be informed of the respective Proportions of the said Fen or Common, which, pursuant to the said Act, they had allotted and awarded, and what Part, or Parts, of the said Fen, had been fold, pursuant thereto; and likewise to be informed, by such Award, of such Rules, Orders, or Directions, as the said Commissioner3 had given or made, pursuant to the Power vetted in them for that Purpose, by the said Act; but, upon drift Enquiry, the Petitioner could not learn that any of the particular Parts of the said Award had been depefited, or inrolled, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; nor has *he Petitioner ever seen, or had an Opportunity of seeing, the said Award, or any Part thereof; therefore the Petitioner, and others, interested in the Division of the said Fen, remain uninformed and ignorant of the Substance and Content of such Award; and that the Commissioners had caused- the Turnpike Road, leading from Swineshead to Boston, to -be indofed, for

many

Bifliojl

of

BriOol’i

Leafing*

Holland

Fpn

in^ofiuqfc

.....- i

12° Mar til A. 1770.

many Miles, on both Sides, which the Petitioner apprehends, that the said Commissioners were not directed, or impowered, by the said Act, to indole; and that, by so doing, they have caused a great and unnecessary Expence to the said Trust, and which must consequently have been defrayed by Monies raised by Sale of an unnecessary Part of the said Fen, or other Commonable Places mentioned in the Act; and that the Petitioner is adured, and verily believes, that the Property of the Petitioner, and every other Person interested in the said Division is gready injured, and lessened in Value, in Consequence of such Proceedings of the said Commissioners; and that the Petitioner is informed it is pro-poled by the said Bill, so create a new Trust, and to irn-power the said Commissioners to fell the Polls and Rails they had before caused to be bought and let down, and to divide the same Allotments from each other by Ditches, which, the Petitioner apprehends, wii) be impracticable to do, so as to answer the Purpose of the Le-giflature, with regard to a Division of the said Fen: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the House will not pass any Act relative to the Division of the said Fen, until the Petitioner, and the respective other Persons interested in the said Fen, have had reasonable Time allowed them for inspecting and perusing the Award, and considering of the fame, and of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, and for their assenting, of objecting, to such Award, and to consider, amongst themselves, of some necessary Scheme, or Proposal, for the mutual Benefit of all Perlhns interested in the Allotments made to the Parishes and Places, not having specific Allotments, under the said former Act, otherwise than by the Judgment and Award of the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Brtoft Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

Hfufeum. count of the Money granted by Parliament, for the Use of the British Mufewn, and of the Expenditure thereof.

__________

Newcastle Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into upon Tyne Consideration the Report which was made from the Com-lceimcn,&c. mjttee, to whom the Petition of Robert Richard

Wind, James Cuming s, Robert Coventry, William Nichol-foHy David Eldery and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Skippers and Keelmen employed . by Hoaftmen or Fitters of Newcastle upon ‘Tyne, and also Skippers and Castors employed by Fitters of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of , in working, navigating, unloading, or delivering Keels upon the Rivers Tyne and Wear, on Behalf of themselves and others, Skippers, Keelmen, and Castors so employed there; and also the Petition of the Keelmen, Skippers of Keels, and Castors, of the Port of , near the Sea, in

the County of Durham; were severally referred; be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee, in the First Place, enquired at whole Request, and by whole Direction, the Note at the Bottom of the Petition, viz. At the particular Request,

and for and on Behalf of upwards of Four hundred Skippers and Castors, employed upon the River " Weary who durst not, but with the greatest Hazard " of their respective Employments, under their Mailers, the Fitters at Sunderland be seen or known to fub(bribe their respective Names,’* was there inferred: And Mr. Thomas Harvey, an Attorney, being examined, said. That he wrote the Names of many of the Persons whose Marks are set to the Petition; — That Robert Pun-chon, his Clerk, and John , Beadle to the Society of the Keelmen of wrote all the others t

— And, as to the Note 4t the Bottom of the Petition, he produced a written Order, dated 2 September 1769, for the said John Turnbull\and others, to go to

land, to communicate to the Keelmen there, the intended Application to Parliament, for Redrels of Grievances and to get an Agreement ligned by them. — He then produced an Agreement of the Sunderland Keelmen, formed in Consequence of the Information they had received, as above, drawn up by himself, but dated I August 1769, which was read. — He then delivered in a

printed Notice, which had been distributed, the Times when, and Places where, the Petition to Parliament would lay, to be ligned by the Keelmen of Newcastle and Sunderland. — He then produced a Book, which, he said, contained the Orders and Transactions of the said Society of Keehnen of from which

was read, An Order of the Society, That William Scott, Robert Duncanfon, and the said John the Beadle,

should go to Sunderland, to alter the Dates of the said printed Notices, and to get the Petition which they carried with them, ligned; He laid. They went thither accordingly. Being aIked, How the said Society is established ? — he said. By a Deed of Settlement; the Original, and a printed Copy of which he produced Being aiked. By whole Order he made the Note at the Bottom of the Petition ? — lie said. It was done by the Delire of Scott and Duncanfon, and many others. Governors of the said Society, and of John Turnbull, the Beadle, after their Return from Sunderland: — That he was also desired to do it by many Keelmen of Newcastle, whole Names he could not recollect; That none of the Keelmen of Suudtrland have ligned the Petition . — Being aiked. Whether the Castors who have ligned the Petition, are employed on the River Tyne or the River ? — he said. He has beard some of them are employed at Newcastle. — He also laid. That none of the Skippers or Castors of the River Wear have ligned the Petition 5 that the Note at the Bottom of the Petition is fupefferibed by Robert Duncanfon, Daniel Finlay, John William Scott, and John Turnbull: the Beadle, that they, the Governors, who went to Sunderland the First Time, to get the Agreement ligned, informed him, that many of the Keelmen came to them in the Night to lign the lame, left their having joined in any such Undertaking,

should be known to their Employers, who, they apprehended would discharge them if they knew it. — He further laid. That the Governors who went to Sunderland, to get the Petition ligned, informed him, that no one would lign it, for fear of their Employers knowing it. —

Being aiked. Who wrote the Names to the Agreement of the Sunderland Keelmen ? — he laid. He understood, but did not know, as be was not present, that some of them were wrote by Turnbull, the Beadle; who wrote the others he did not know; and that the Marks were made by the Persons themselves, as he- was informed Being aiked. Whether Scott wrote any of the Names ? — he laid. He did not know; — He then laid. That be had no Evidence to bring to prove the Signing the said Agreement; that he had at different Times converted with at least 150 Persons, who he believes to be Keelmen of Sunderland, Two of whom he knew to be such, upon the Subject of the Application to Parliament, which they all approved, and desired it might be made as a joint Body. — He then said. He would not trouble the Committee with any further Evidence, to prove the Concurrence of the Sunderland Keelmen to the,

except that on the 25th Day of January last, he being in Company with several Skippers or Keelmen of Sunderland, at a House in Gotejhead, upon other Business, he mentioned the Contents o'fthe Noteat the Bottom of the Petition, intimating, that it was inserted to Ihewr the general Inclination of the Skippers of Sunderland to the Contents thereof; at the same Time, he said, he aiked them. If it was with their Approbation; they declared it was; and that it was the general Sense and

Meaning

io Geo. III. 12° Martii. 775

Meaning of the Sunderland Keelmen, and they would Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, from Newcastle Support and abet the same; or Words to that Effect: — the Petition referred to them of upwards of Three hun-Being asked, Whether he knew any of those People by d red Keelmen, Skippers of Keels, and Castors, of the &c.

Name ? — he said. He does; but begs to be excused Port of Sunderland, That so far from giving their Au-mentioning the m: He believed, Six or Seven Keelmen thority to that Assertion, they deny any Knowledge of were with him at Gateshead j he supposed they belprfged the Petition of Robert Treall, Rickard Wind, James to Sunderland. — He again declined naming them, left mings, Robert Coventry, William Nicho/fon, David Eldert it should be of Prejudice to them in their Employ- and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ments. — Being asked. If he had any thing more to say? being Skippers and Keelmen, employed by Hoaftmen — he said. He had not. or Fitters of Newcastle upon Tyne, and also Skippers and

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the Mat- Castors employed by Fitters of Sunderland, in the County ter of the second-mentioned Petition: And, Palatine of Durham, in working, navigating, unloading,

Mr. John Thornhill, being, shewn the Petition, said, or delivering Keels, upon the Rivers Tyne on

He knows the Hand Writing of some of the subscribing Behalf of themselves, and other Skippers, Keelmen, and PetitionersBeing asked. If he recoiled:ed being at Castors, so employed there, or any Petition whatsoever, Sunderland in last September, and, whether he remembered till the said Petition appeared in the Votes of the any body coming from Newcastle thither, to desire the House.

Keelmen there to join with them in an Application to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Parliament ? — he laid, He did recoiled being the re at That for any Person to afiert in a Petition to Parliament, that Time; and heard that some Persons came there that any Person or Persons, or any Body of Men, do from Newcastle, but he did not fee them: — Being asked, concur in that Petition, without being able to produce Under what Denomination they came? — he said, As a sufficient Authority for the fame, is a dangerous Prac-Persons belonging to Mr. Harvey; they were called Mr. tice, and ought to be discouraged.

Harvey'% People: — Being asked. What Means were Your Committee then proceeded to examine the Mat-made use of to induce the People of Sunderland to join ter of the said First Petition, with respect to the Town in the said Application? — he said, The Persons who of Newcastle: And Mr. , ihe Attorney before

came from Newcastle lived at a Publican’s, where they mentioned, produced a printed Paper, called Ballast kept open House, in the same Manner as is done at Dues, Dues of the River, and Owners Dues; in order Ele«ftiuns. and treated the People who came to them to prove, that there are certain Regulations at present with Victuals and Drink; then they were asked to sign a in the Coal Trade at Newcastle: And,

Paper, as the Men expressed it: — Some of the People A Member present, whose Name is to the Paper, who went to the Public House, being asked. What were proved the Authenticity of itj and said, He believed the Contents of the said Paper, which they were asked those Regulations were made about 25 Years ago: And, to sign ? laid, They did no Iknow what it contained: — Edward Esquire, who was Mayor of -

The Witness being asked. Whether any of them did cast le ws 1768, said. It contains the present Regulations sign it ? — he said. He was told Four or Five did sign; of the River Tyne: Then,

Lut does not know whether they were Skippers or Caf- Mr. Harvey, being examined, said, That 'Keels are torsBeing asked. How long the People from New- at present limited to Eight Chaldron, King’s Measure; tajlle (laid at Sunderland ? — he said. Two or three Days, and the Rates and Duties of Skippers and Castors have and drank Day and Night: — Being asked, At whose been adjusted accordingly; that Lead, Stones, Ballast,

Houses ? — he said. One of the Houses is called The Chalk, Ashes, Manure, and Rubbish, carried in Keels,

George the Third, kept by — Irvinj he believes there navigated by Keelmen, are paid for according to the was another, but does not know. above Paper of Rules, except in Cafes of special Agree-

Then Mr. Thornhill was desired to say, How he un- ment to the contrary: Then, derstood the Persons who came from Newcastle belonged Thomas Port, being examined, said. He was a Keelman to Nix, Harvey? — he said. He. supposed so, from what at Newcastle about a Year and a Half ago, and now he heard i it was generally reported and received that works as a Coalheaver upon the River Thames: — That they were Persons sent by Harvey to Sunderland, to en- when he worked at Newcastle he remembers to have gage the People there to sign an Agreement, and they carried more than Ten Chaldron of Coals in his Keel for were called Mr. Harvey's People; — Being asked. If he more than a Year together: — Being asked, From what heard that they came by the Direction of the Governors Time to what Time, there was ah Increase in the Mea-of the Society of Keelmen of Newcastle r’ — he said. He sure of Coals laden in Keels, and what that Increase was ? had not: — Being asked. If he had heard of any Keel- — he said. It began about Four Years ago, and continued men of Newcastle going to Sunderland, to apply to the Two or Three Years before the Men refused to work, Keelmen there to sign the Petition to Parliament ? — he which was at the Time he left: — That he has

said. He has not heard of any, except those above de- cast Coals for Exportation, and found the Measure the feribed; does not know whether they were Keelmen of same as in other Cales: — That the King’s Officers some-Newcastleor notBeing asked, Who was meant by times attended to inspect the Measure, but not always. —

Mr. Harvey ? — he said. He understood it to be the Being asked, It the Keels were ever returned for having Person who appears as Agent to the Newcastle Petition. more Coals in them than they ought to have ? — he said.

Upon the whole Matter your Committee came to the In general they were not; but he once knew a Man by following Resolutions: viz. Direction of the Officer take Coals out of an overloaded

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Keel, in order to reduce it to the King’s Marks: — That That, upon the Evidence laid before them, the Assertion Two Chaldrons of Coals were taken out of the over-contained in the Note at the Bottom of the Petition loaded Keel, and the Men belonging to the Keel wh^ch of Robert Treall, Richard Wind, James Cumings, Robert received those Two Chaldrons were turned out of their Coventry, William Nicholson, David Elder, and others. Employment under their Mailers B/agdon, and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Skippers Coal Owners and Fitters, for taking them in: — Being and Keelmen, employed by Hoaftmen or Fitters of asked, If he knew any Ship or Ships, which were uled to Newcastle upon Tyne, and also Skippers and Castors be loaded by a particular Number of Keels, which at employed by Fitters of Sunderland, in the County Pa- other Times were loaded by a less Number ? — he said, latine of Durham, in working, navigating, unloading, He bad cast 24 Chaldrons of Mr. Harvey's Coals into or delivering Keels, upon the Rivers Tyne and Wear, El for 6 Voyages together, and that it on Behalf of themselves and others, Skippers, Keelmen, was the complete Load, but that he has seen her fully and Castors, so employed there, is not founded. loaded Three or Four Times with less than 20 Chaldrons:

Vox.. 32. 9 M — That

KcwcafUc upon Tyne Keelmen# kQ.

776 12° Martii.

— That Parkins's Ship used to take 27 Keels, but has

sometimes been full loaden with only 22 Keels and Four Chaldrons; that when the above-named Ships were loaded with 24 and 27 Keels, the Keels had their full Me'afureThat about Two Years ago there was a Stop made by the Keelmen, on account of the above-mentioned Practice of giving over Measure: — Being asked. How the Matter was lettled ? — he said, the Keelmen complained to the Magistrates, who said, They should not have more than the legal Measure, and bid them go to Work again; which they did, not upon the Magistrates Account, but upon Mr. Hars Persuasions Being

asked, Why the Men would not go to work again when the Magistrates desired them ? — he said, The Men knowing most of the Magistrates to be Coal Owners and Fitters, they would not believe them, having been so often deceived by them: — Being asked, If he had ever been deceived by them ? — he said, He never had in any otherre-lpect than by being obliged to carry Over MeasurBeing asked, If the Magistrates did, at the above Stop, summon any Fitter, or inquire in a judicial Manner, or make any Order upon any Fitter respecting such Over Measure, or whether any Money was ordered to be paid by any Fitter for such Over Measure ? — he said. The Magistrates had never ordered any Money to be paid for that Reason; but the Men were paid for S Chaldrons only Being asked., Why they went to Work upon Mr. s Per-

suasion, and not at the pefire of the Magistrates ? — he said. It was because Mr. Harvey said he would fee them righted as far as lay in his Power. — Being asked, Whether there was any Instrument used by Persons who put off the Keels from the several Staiths, to measure the Loading of the Keels over and above the King’s Measure ? — he said. There was a Stick, which the Officer or Person that surveys the loading of the Keels commonly walked with: That there was a Nick in the Stick about Four or Five Inches from the End, to measure how deep the Keels were loaded above the King's MarkThat it was usual to load to that Notch above the King’s Mark. — He added. That he had loaded at all the Dykes in the River Being ask ed, If he knew of any Over Measure having been carried since the Stop ? — he said, Yes; and that he had carried more than the Measure for Mr.

Jon, Agent for Mr. Pereth, a Coal Owner, and for Mr. Ridley: — That they must have lost their Bread if they had refused; and that he was never paid more than the usual Dues of the River: — Being aflted, What was the Reason that when such Over Measure was imposed, the Keelmen did not usually apply to the Magistrates for Relief? — he said, It was because they were afraid of loling their Bread; as some had done, who had applied for Re-dress, and therefore they submitted to it. — Being asked, How many Keelmen reside in the Parish of All Saints Parish in Newcastle ? — be said, He believes there are about 1200; half of whom he thinks are , if not

more: — Being asked, If the Scotchmen are usually relieved as Parishioners, when they or their Families are lick or infirm ? — he said. He had never known that any Man had been relieved, although they had been employed a great Number of Years as Keelmen: — Being asked. Whether, if the loading of Keels for the future was to be restrained to the King’s Measure, it would quiet the Minds of the Keelmen, and prevent future Stops in the Coal Trade ? — lie said, It would: — That they are well contented to take the King’s Measure, and do not desire to have a Coal lei's. — Being asked, If he ever made Complaint to any Magistrate except his Master ? — he said, He had not, for fear of losing his Bread: — he said, He once complained to his Master Robin/on, who told him that he might go where he would, if he did not choose to take the Coals; for other Men would: — That he was bound to Mr. Robin/on, on certain Conditions, to take the King’s Measur, and no more. — Being asked. If, when a greater Measure had been imposed upon him at any other Time, he had complained to a Justice of Peace? — he said, iic had not, but complained to his Master; for that Men

A. 1770.

had complained before. One of whom loft his Bread by it: — He said, He never was present when Complaint was made; That Keelmen can get £. 13 or £. 24 a Year, carrying the Quantity that has been usual for the last Two or Three Years. — Being asked, If the Men are allowed Subsistence Money ? — he said. They sometimes are, but oftener are not, as it is not a Part of the Contract. — Being asked, What Means Mr. Harvey made use of to induce the Keelmen to go to Work after the last Stop ? — he said. It was because Mr. Harvey promised to fee them righted, if he could: — The Witness said. He did not know whether Mr. Harvey had the Power to get the Men righted by Law; but they took his Advice, they did not think he would go to a Magistrate at castle to get them righted, because they had deceived them before; but they thought he would get it by applying to Parliament, which he hoped he should be able to do. — Being asked, How he had been deceived by the Magistrates at Newcastle ? — he said, That in order to prevail on the Men to go to work upon former Stops, the Magistrates had told them they should take no more than the King’s Measure; and after that the Fitters brought it on, they still intended, and got is as high as 10 or 12 Chaldrons, but not since the last Stop: — He said, He never had had Relief from the Magistrates when it came to be above Measure, nor ever applied to them: — That he was a bound Man to Mr. Pereth at the Time of the last Stop, and sometimes carried Over Measure after the Stop, during the Time he continued in Mr.

Pereth’s Service, but not always. — Being asked, If he had applied to Mr. Pereth for Redress ? — he said, He had not, but to Mr. Robin/on, jvho sent Orders to the Staith, that

no Over Measure should be offered, but yet they had it: Has had more than Measure at Sir Thomas Clavering'% Staith since the Stop:- — That he has worked at all the Staiths, and found no difference in any of them: — That it is not quite Two Years since the last Stop happened: — Being asked, If he spoke with respect to the present Practice ? — he said, He did not: — He came to London about Two Months after the last Stop. — Being asked, if he left his Work because he had no Redress when he complained to Mr . Robin/on? — he said. He did not leave it on that Account. — Being asked, If he had entered into any Agreement with Mr. Harvey? — he said, He never paid any Thing to him, nor knew him further than by Sight: — Being asked. How Mr. Harvey could prevail upon him to go to Work again, if he only knew him by Sight ? — he said, Mr. Harvey declared publicly at the Garth Heads, He was in hopes we should get a Settle-

ment; he desired us all to go to Work, and said, H® would fee us redressed: — This, he said. He only heard from others, the Number there being so great he could not hear it himself. — Being asked. Whether any written Paper was circulated among the Keelmen by Mr. Harvey / — he said. He saw none. — Being asked. How long he had worked at Newcastle, and how many Stops there had been in his Time ? — he said, He had worked there Five Years, during which Time there had been many Complaints which never were redressed, but only One general Stop, which the Keelmen made of their own Accord, and not upon the Advice of any one: — He added. That he had worked at Mr. s Works

about Three Years and a Half ago; — he has seen him several Times since, but never spoke Two Words to him.

John Pricet being examined, said. He had been a Keelman and Skipper Five Years, in s Work all

the Time, and lived in Sandg — Being asked, If he

knew of any Stop being made at NetvcaJUe ? — he said. There was One about a Year and a Half ago, upon Account of Over Measure, at which Time he was there: — That the Over Measure, began to be carried about Three Years ago, increased by degrees to Ten Chaldrons or more, and became general; that the’Over Measure was ascertained by a Nick Stick about Three Inches long, which was set at the Top of the Plate, and made

a Sur-

io Geo. III. 12® Ma777

a Surplus of above Two Chaldron and an Half: — He has loaded 40 or 50 Ships that were bound Over Sea, with the same Measure within One Year and Half before the Stop: — Since the Stop, he has only loaded Ships going Coastwise with the Over Measure; that the Keelmen have made Applications to both Matters and Magistrates for Redress with regard to the Over Measure, particularly at the Time of the last Stop, when a Skipper from every Work went to them in the Town Hall: — That the Skippers were appointed by the Fitters, who also accompanied them; — that they only required to have the just Measure, and the Magistrates told them, They should have One Quarter of an Inch above the Eight Chaldron Nail: — Being asked. If the Magistrates made the Fitters pay the Keelmen for the Over Measure they had carried? — he said. They had not; for the Keelmen never made any Application for that Pufpofethey only applied for Relief, with regard to being obliged to carry Over Measure, but never received any Satisfacticm, except the above Promise, which was made by the Mayor; which the Men not thinking enough, they refused to go to Work till Mr. Harvey persuaded them so to do; and said. He would fee us righted: — Being asked, If any Over Measure had been imposed after he had been with the Mayor ? — he said. His Keel was loaded One Inch over the Plate the Second Tide, which made her Loading amount to about Nine Chaldronthat he heard Complaints from the other Keelmen that they, were all overloaded; that a Keel of Silver top's, which he belonged to, being overloaded, he left her at the Staith at Darwent Gut upon that Account . — John Henderson,

the Staithman, told him. If he would not take her, another should, so his Men and he left the Keel there, and came to London; — this was about 18 Months ago Being asked, Why the Keelmen, when such Over Measure was imposed, did not apply to a Magistrate, instead of making a Stop ? — he said, That most of the Magistrates being Coal Owners or Fitters, they were afraid of making Complaints to them, left they should lose their Bread, and be turned away as Vagabonds; — they complained to their Masters, who promised them Relief, but gave none'That there are 8 or 900 Keelmen live in All Saints Parish, none of whom ever received any Relief from the Parish; and that it would tend greatly to quiet the Minds of the Keelmen, and to prevent future Stops, if a Law was made to restrain the Measure to Eight Chaldrons only: — Being asked. If the King’s Officers permitted Over Measure to be call on board Ships bound Over Sea ? — he said. They do not allow it when they are there; but he has done it in their Absence; — that they were forced to carry the Over Measure, but never were paid for itHe said. He has known a Vessel as full laden with 19 Keels at One Time, as Ihe has been at another Time with 24: — That Coals arc heavier in wet Weather than in dry; but that just Measure will never fink the Keel above the Top of the Plate: — That he has known Hundreds of bound Keelmen run away and leave their Masters, but never knew that any of them were taken up by Warrants from Justices of the Peace. — Being asked, Why he did not go to Work upon the Mayor’s Promises of Relief? — he said. The Keelmen doubted the Mayor’s keeping his Promise, and would not return to Work till Mr. Harvey allured them they should be relieved: — That at the Time he left his Keel at Darwent he neither applied to Mr. Harvey or a Magistrate, but acquainted his Fitter, and came away. — Being asked. If Keels loaded above the King’s Mark are not liable to Accidents? — he said, They are; and sometimes have been funk, which injures the Navigation: — That each Keel is built to carry Eight Chaldrons only, will carry about 14 Chaldrons in calm Weather before it finks; — some will not carry so much as Eight Chaldrons.

Your Committee then called,

Vol. 32.

George Purvis, who, being examined; said, He had been a Keelman at Nezvcajile Two Years: And,

Thomas Oughton<, who was a Keelman there 14 Months ago, and are now Coalheavers at London: — They confirmed the Evidence of the other Witnesses as to the Over Measure imposed on Keelmen at Newcastle, and the Consequences attending it — the Impossibility of getting any Redress; — the Custom of not allowing Scotch Keelmen to gain Settlements; — the giving Over Measure to Outward-bound Ships during the Absence of the King’s Officers; and the universal Desire of the Keelmen, to have the Measure settled by Law; and the Danger they were in of being turned out of their Employments, if they made any Complaints: And,

Thomas Oughton added. That he knew a Man who

run away from his Work; but upon a Warrant being granted for apprehending him, he returned to Work again He knew nothing as to the present Practice.

John Douglas, formerly a Keelman at Newcastle, now a Coalheaver at London, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence as to the Over Measure, and the Consequences of it; and added, That old Keels will fink two Inches lower, when empty, than new ones; so that a Keel may fink under the Mark, though (he has not more than Eight Chaldrons in her. — That he has known-a Man put in Prison for leaving his Work: — That he never applied to a Magistrate.

Then Mr. Harvey, in order to prove that the Revenue suffers by the Practice of giving Over Measure to Ships, said, That the King’s Meamre is Eight Chaldrons of Coals to a Keel; the Duty on Exportation of which is £. 5. ns. and according to that Measure the Keel is paid. — He then stated. That 8 Chaldrons, New* castle Measure, is equal to 14! Measure; in

the Manner he mentioned, according to the truest Equation between a Chaldron Newcastle Measure, and the same Quantity London Measure; and produced a List of the Loading and Delivery of Ships, from the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland to the Port of London, brought down to February 1770; by which it appeared, that the Ships therein named had delivered much larger Quantities of Coals than they ought to have done, according to the Rate of 14! Chaldrons to the Keel: — That he had inspected the Account of Loadings and Delivery; and found, the like Over Measure had been delivered in London for Three Years past constantly That upon the Surplus Coals, above Eight Chaldrons, carried in Keels and put on board all outward-bound Ships, no Duty whatever is paid; because the Custom-house Officers reckon only Eight Chaldrons to the Keel: — That Ships clearing Coastwise, having taken in Coals from Keels carrying Over Measure, which Ships happening by Stress of Weather to be drove Over Sea, upon their Return, pay Duty only for the Number of Keels they received, by which the Revenue is injured.

With respect to establishing a Fund for Relief of indigent or sick Keelmen, and their Families, Mr. Harvey informed your Committee, That the Keelmen of Newcastle desired him to apply to Parliament for an Act for the Extension and Establishment of their Society, and to shew their Reasons for it; which are: — That great N umbers of the Keelmen employed at Newcastle are Natives of Scotland, and from the Mode of binding, hiring, and Service, arc not, as he apprehends, allowed to gain Settlements in the Parish of All Saints, where most of them reside. — Then the said,

Edward Mojely, Esquire, being examined, said, He allowed, that it will appear the Keelmen have, in some Instance9, had Over Measure imposed upon them; but not considerably so: — From his own Business as a Fitter, ,he said, he knew they sometimes had less than the Measure; for Proof of which he referred your Committee to a List of the Makings out of all Ships he loaded for London, for Three Years preceding the last Stop, since which he has not heard of any just Complaints: — That

there

NewCnfHe upon Tyne Keelmen, &c.

Newcastle upon Tyne Keelmen* ice.

778 ' I i° MartiuA, 1770.

there was no Complaint made to the Magistrates before the Stop was made on the 28th of March 1768; at which Time he sent for the Keelmen, and inquired the Cause of the Stop j — they laid, They were oppressed by being obliged to carry Over Measure; upon which, the next Day, One Keelman, chosen by themselves, out of each Work, on Behalf of the whole Body, together with the Fitters, were desired to come to the Mayor’s Chamber; where the Matter being inquired into, and, from the general Complaints of the Keelmen, believed in some Instances to be true, they’were told. That no more than' the King’s Measure should be required of them* with which they were, or seemed to be, well satisfied, and returned to their Work the 31st of March: — That on the 25 th of April following, the Keelmen put an entire Stop to the Coal Trade; not upon account of the Over Measure, but in Consequence of the Keelmen belonging to One Work refuling to join with the rest of the Keelmen in making certain Payments to Mr. for Bufi-

ness to be done by him for them, amounting to Three Shillings for every Keel’s Crew, when the Man.who had paid One Shilling and Sixpence in Part of the Sum agreed on, declared, That no Keel should go to work till every Keelman had paid his Part: — He then laid, He had exported vast Quantities of Coals; for which, when they are entered at the Customhouse, to be put on board outward-bound Ships, the Duty is paid before they are suffered to be shipped: — That the King’s Officer grantsa Sufferance, and goes with it, and permits no Keels to call On board the Ship, without his carefully examining them, to see that they have only Eight Chaldrons each: — That the Officer remains on board till the Ship is wholly loaded, and then makes his Report to the Custom-house: — That he had always found them, in the Course of his Business, careful and diligent: — That the Officer has a Power to Hop Keels that are overloaded; and so it is his Fault if over Measure is carried beyond Sea; and that he certifies that the Ship’s Loading was in proper Measure, by an Indorsement on the Sufferance. — He added. That it may sometimes happen that a Ship is forced Over Sea by Distress of Weather, where her Cargo is delivered: — That at her Return Application is made for the Acceptance of the Duty, which is always paid according to the Quantity cleared for at the Custom-house: — That after a Ship has been once entered and loaded Coastwise, under the Inspection of a Coast Officer, the future Voyages Coastwise are regulated by that Entry at the Custom-house at Newcastle’, or according to the Quantity the Ship makes out upon the Coast, the same as the London Ships are governed by; so that there can be no Loss to the Government on that Account. — He then informed your Committee, That a few Days before he came to London, he inquired of the Officers of the Parishes at Newcastle, Whether poor Keelmen, or their Families, are relieved in the Parishes ? who told him, They always have Relief, as occasional Poor, till their Settlements are found out. — And being asked, What are the Sentiments of the Fitters at , with regard to

establishing the Hospital for Keelmen ? — he said, That the Gentlemen who are concerned as Fitters at Newcastle have no Objection to such a Proposal; but are desirous to Tee it done upon a proper Plan, and are ready to do their Part, by Hopping the Contributions out of the Keelmens Wages, and paying them for that Purpose, provided the Government of the Charity be lodged in the Hands of Gentlemen of Rank and Fortune, of the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and Newcastle upon Tyne; but they do not think it should be left in the Keelmen themselves, according as proposed by the Deed of Settlement, to which Deed they have also other Objections; and if it should be infilled on to have that Deed of Settlement established by Act of Parliament, they mud beg Leave to offer their Reasons against it. — Being asked, If Fitters receive any Advantage by the Keels carrying Over Measure ? — he said It is a Disadvantage 18

to them, because the Fitter lofeshis Fittage on the Over Measure, and is not paid for the Surplus; and that, on the contrary, it is a Prejudice to his Keels to overload them, and makes the Navigation of them dangerous. — He then informed your Committee, That there is great Difference in the sinking of Keels in the Water, for the following Reasons: — An old Keel finks much sooner than a stout new one; — that the Water near the Sea is more buoyantthan up the River; — that a Keel’s being wet finks her lower than (he would go if (he was dry, and the same with regard to the Coals being wet. — Being asked. If Ships do not often vary in the Quantity of Coals they take in ? — he said, They do, because they take in other Goods; and that a Ship being in good or bad Repair makes a Difference. — Being asked the Question, — he said. The Keels at Newcastle are marked to carry only Eight Chaldrons; which is called the King's Measure: — And being asked. Whether the Fitters can have their Keels new weighed and marked, when necessary ? — he said. That the King’s Weights for measuring Keels are brought out of the King’s Warehouses, after the 25th of March in every Year. — Being asked. If he ever knew any Keels funk before their Admeasurement ? — he said, He never had. — Being asked the Question, — he said. The Keelmen of Newcastle never applied to the Magistrates, or made any Complaint, till they were sent for upon the last Stop: That Keelmen have Hopped Keels, on Pretence of their having Over Measure; which have afterwards proved not to be over-loaded. — . That he ordered a Keel, complained of, to be call into a light Keel that swam fair to her Marks; and that, upon the Keel being so re-cast, it appeared, (he was not over-loaded; and the Man who had Hopped her, being then convinced that (he was not over-loaded, suffered her to pass. — Being asked the Question, he said. He had known Keels funk at the Dykes by bad Weather: — That, about Three Weeks ago there were several Keels funk, at and about Benton; none of which had more than Eight Chaldron of Coals on Board. — And being asked the Question, — he said, He never heard of aiqrKeelmen losing their Lives by Keels being over-loaded. — Being asked the Question, — he laid. He believed the Keelmen’s Complaints, in 1768, wero well founded; but cannot certainly tell. — Being asked. If the Fitters have any Ships, or Parts of Ships, of their own ? — he said. They have: And that, if they obtain any Over Measure from the Coal Owners, they gain more by that than they lose by the Fittage, as they do not pay the Coal Owners for such Over Measure; but in general, it is not the Fitters Interest to carry Over Measure. — Being asked. How many Magistrates there are in Newcastle f — he said, A Mayor, Recorder, and Ten Aldermen; Nine of which Magistrates are concerned in the Coal Trade, as Owners, or Fitters. — Being asked the Question, — he said, Keelmen are bound for a Year: And it has been the Custom to pass Scotch Keelmen, and their Families, to their own Country, upon their becoming indigent; that the Fitters have been applied to, by the Keelmen, to make Stoppages out of their Wages, to raise a Fund for their future Maintenance, and proposed giving the Fitters Authority so to do; that they declined doing it, because they did not think themselves warranted to do it: — That many of the Keelmen live in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland. — Being asked. If the Justices of the Peace, in those Counties, are generally Coal Owners or Fitters ? — he said, They are not. — Being asked. Which of the Magistrates are not concerned in the Coal Trade? — he said, The present Mayor, the Recorder, and One Alderman: And, he said. That the Justices of Durham and Northumberland cannot aft in;

and that only One Staith is within the Jurisdiction of that Town. Then,

Mr. — Thornhill, being asked, What is the Proportion of Eight Chaldron of Coals taken in at,

and

Stafford

and

Worcester

Navigation.

r

io Geo. III. i a0 Mattiu 770.

and the Measure of the same Coals at London — skid That by the Practice of the Port of , from many Experiments made by the Customhouse Officers, they have reduced the Proportion to, as Eleven is to Twenty* one; — whereby it appears, that 8 Chaldron of Coals, Newcastle Measure, is equal to 15 and TVtb' Chaldron, Winchester Measure: and that he had this Account from the Customhouse.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel " Boats, in the Port of New, and the Members thereunto belonging," is not effectual for the Purposes for which it was intended; and ought to be amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that a Bill should be brought in for the Relief of Keelmen, in and about Newcastle upon Tyne, their Widows, and Children.

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennighf, the 20th Day of this Instant Mqrch.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Harvey do attend this House upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant March, when the Paid Report shall be taken into further Consideration.

Sir John IVrottesley reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Siaffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Severn, between and Tilton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to cross the River Trent at or near Heywood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended’ to be made between the said River Trent and the River Mersey, was read; whereby the Company of Proprietors are enabled to raise £. 70,000 for the Purposes of the Act, with a reserved Power to raise a further Sum of £. 30,000, if the first Sum shall not be be sufficient: Thin, .

Mr. James Perry, Treasurer to the Company, being examined, said. That 23 Miles and an Half of the Canal, from the Summit, which is the first Fall near Wolverhampton towards the Severn, is nearly finithed; that the Summit extends 10 Miles from Compton towards the Trent upon a Level, the Cutting Part of which is done; that 31 Locks are finished upon 293 Feet Fall; 27 Trunk Drains, 27 Lock Weirs, 26 Flood Weirs, 13 Swivel Bridges, 51 Brick and Stone Bridges, One Water Bridge, 15 (mail aqueducts, and three large ones, are finished, the Expence of which Work, to the ill of February last, amounted to £ 58,445, exclusive of Bills remaining unpaid, which amount to 3,300, or thereabouts, which leaves the Sum of 8,255 to complete the^f. 70,000 authorized by the Act to be raised in the first Instance, and which is all subscribed: With respect. to the Money that will be necessary to finish the said Canal, he produced a Paper, signed in his Pretence by Mr. Brindley's Chief Agent in making the Canal, containing an exact Survey of the Lands through which the Remainder of the Canal is to be made, together with an Etlimatc of the Expeoce of the Works neces-

Vol. 3a.

fary to be done for completing the fame* which was read; Whereby it appeared, that 40,000, include ing the aforesaid Sum of £. 30,000, will be wanted;

And the Witness declared, That. who

was prevented by Illness from- attending the Committee, told him, that, the said Survey was a true one, and the Sum mentioned the least (that could, be a Iked i Then the Witness informed your Committee, that some unforeleen Circumstances had arisen in executing the Act, which had made it necessary to apply for Power to raise a further Sum of Money, particularly the Expeace of buying Houses in the Toyvn of ing an Aqueduct there, and Two large Locks and.#

Bason, at the Severn, for the Vessels to lie in; and the increase of zd.a Day in Workmen’s Wages. r

The Agent for the Petitioners then informed your Committee, That some Amendments are necessary, to bq made to the Act, and some further Powers given; particularly a Power to, lower the Rates on particular Specie? of Goods, without the Intcrposition of the Comi missioners; to make the Recompence to Corporations for Lands in a Rent, instead of a Gross Sum; to oblige the Commissioners, and Juries, to make their Adjudications, and Verdicts, for Value of Lands, and Consequential Damages, separate; to make the Shares in the Navigation Personal Estate, instead of Freehpld, as they now are; to take the Topnage Ratqs proportionably for a less Space than a Mile; to regulate the Conditions for Vessels passing the Locks; for mitigating some of the Penalties in the Act; for varying the Course of the Canal, between Hollisford and the Junction with the Grand Trunk at the Trent, for which Purpose the Proprietors of Land to be affected are consenting; how Satisfaction shall be made by the Company, from Time to Time, for Damages done to Lands, by taking Materials from thence; for taking Water from off the Commons, in the Manors belonging to Sir Edward Lyttleton and Mr. Anjon, and making Reservoirs to convey the Water to the Canal, which the Lords of the Manor are consenting to; and to regulate the Freight of Goods and Parcels, under a certain Weight.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Severn, between and

Tit ton Brook, in the County of Worceffer, to cross the R iver Trent, at or near Heywood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the said Rivcp Trent and the River Mersey; and for granting further Powers for that Purpose: And that Sir John IVrottesley, Sir William Bagot, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Doter, Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter as Election., it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and be read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upop the Petition of John Trevanion, Esquire, and also the Petition of several Freemen of the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Baronet, for the said Town and Port.

The Committee examined the Merits of this Election.

The Standing Order of the House, made upon the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel, at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was read:

9, N And

780

And the last Determination of the House, upon the 14th Day of March 1623, concerning the Right of electing a Baron to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Dove*, in the County of Kent, was also read} whereby it was resolved, " That the Freemen and Free " Burgesses, Inhabitants of Dover, ought to have Voice

in the Election of their Barons to serve in Parliament."

One of the Counsel for the Petitioners opened their Cafe, by saying. They should shew that Non-resident Freemen have no Right to vote.

Wheteupon One of the Counsel for the Sitting Member declared, That if the Non»residents had no Right to vote, the Petitioner would have a Majority upon the PoH.

And, thereupon, the said Counsel for the Petitioners declared, That if Residents and Non-residents had all a Right to vote, the Sitting Member would have a Ma-jdtfty upon the Poll; but, in that Cafe, he laid in his Claim, to hive Liberty to proceed to shew that the Sitting Merribfer, by corrupt Practices of himself and Aigedts, had procured a pretended Majority.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member, in order to shew that the Usage of the said Town and Port was for Non-inhabitant Freamen to vote at Elections, offered to produce several Polls, taken at Elections of Members for the said Town and Port.

Which being objected to by the Counsel for the Petitioners;

The Committee were of Opinion, That the Counsel for the Sitting Member should be at Liberty to give Evidence of the Usage, in the Town and Port of Dover, for the Non-inhabitant Freemen to vote in the Election of Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port.

Then Mr. Robert Westfield, Town Clerk of Dover, was called in, and produced the Polls taken at Elections of Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, the 8th of /htgiift 1713, the 15th of August 1727, and the 4th of May 1741, and at the lad Election.

And being asked. Whether he remembered any contested Election before the last? he said, He was never present but at One, the General Election in 1768, when the Non-resident Freemen were rejected; that the Objection was made by the Mayor: That he had been Town Clerk Four Years, and never was present at any Election where Non-resident Freemen were admitted.

Then Mr. James Hammond was examined, who said, He was born at Dover, and is a Magistrate there; that he remembered contested Elections in 1727, 1734, 1741, and the last General Election; that at those Elections, all Non-resident Freemen voted who made their Appearance, without any Objection; and that he always understood that Non-residents had a Right of voting: That, by a Freeman, he meant. One Free Born, by marrying a Freeman’s Daughter, by Purchase or Redemption, by Gift of the Corporation, or by having a Freehold of £. 5 per Annum in the Town; that the last is no longer a Freeman than he has the Estate, and is an Inhabitant; that a Man, Free Born, may take up his Freedom at any Time; but he that has his Freedom by marrying a Freeman’s Daughter, loses it when his Wife dies.

The Committee then came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Non-inhabitant Freemen, as well as the Inhabitant Freemen, and Free Burgesses, of the Town and Port of Dover, have Voice in the Election of their Barons to serve in Parliament.

And the Counsel being called in, and acquainted therewith;

The Counsel for* the Petitioners declared. They had nothing further to offer on the Part of the Petitioners.

177CK

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Baronet, is duly clected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second:

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon^' agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follower h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Government of Senegambia, for the Year *770.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for paying oft' and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans " or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Burrell, according to Order, reported from the Py*’« Debt Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to tottae Crown* enable the Commissioners for. executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown from William Bye, for which they are Sureties, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him tp report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once, read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Scotland; House, according to Order, a Bill to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of Strict Entail: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the So- Expom to venth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, American An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colo- 0 ome* nies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations; as lays Duties upon Glais,

12° Martii.

Militia Pay and Cloathing.

Trials

of

Controverted

Ele&ons.

Trent River from Wilden Ferry Navigation.

Supply.

i o Geo. III. 12° MartiL 7 Si

Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great imported into

any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of t he whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tkur/day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day

of March 1770, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto'; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Merfoy, at or near Runcorn Gap, and for granting further Powers for that Purpose, is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to prevent the Obstruction of any of the Provisions in the said Bill, by Privilege of Parliament;

The feme was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Anno 1768, " The Account of the Committee of the Company of " Merchants trading to A; distinguishing every " Article of Expence under its proper Title," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had

Vol. 32.

Ordered, That the Order of, the Day, for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Ohaif.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tp-morrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking in- Simpson to Consideration the Report which was made from thfe Inclosure, Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Cow Pasture, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Account Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Ac- CmI count of the Debt on the Civil List, as it flood on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, the Fifth Day of April One ,thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, and the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six; together with an Account of the Arrears of his late Majesty’s Civil List Revenues unapplied, and His present Majesty’s Civil List Calli remaining in the Exchequer, at those several Times.

Ordered, That the said Address b: presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven- State night, the 13d Day of this Instant March, resolve itself of the into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur- Nation, ther of the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis,

78a 13' Martii. A. 1770.

Martis, 13* Martii;

Anno io* Georgii III*1 Rfigis, 1770.

Prayers.

Anglesea ffRdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. vy tjje clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Anglesea, in the Room of OWeti Meyt'tck Esquire, deceased.

Welton - A Bill for inclosing several Open and Common Fields Inclosure. ancj Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cot, Mr. Lafctlles, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

West Mr. Edward Lafcellei reported from the Committee, Hefltrton to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Inclosure. Common Pasture, and other Uninclosed Grounds,

within the Township of West Heflerton, and Parish of Yeddingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, was -committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

St. Martin's Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom in the Fields the Bill for building a Workhouse, in the Parish of Saint Work house. jv/ctr/w in the Fields, within the Liberty of,

in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bnrford, The Lord Wenman presented to the House, according &c* to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads,

R®a<1, from the Turnpike Road in the Town of in

the County of Oxford, through Shipton, Chipping Norton, and Bloxham, to the Borough of Banbury, in the said County; and from Burford aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stowe, in the County of Gloucester, at the End of Fofs Lane, at the Bottom of Stowe Hill; and from Swerfvrd Gate, in the said County of Oxford, through Deddington, to the Turnpike Road in the Town of Aynho, in the County of Northampton: And the Cunc was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Bicester, in the County of to AyleJ'-

bury, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for, repairing and widening the Road from Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Rucks.

Ordered, That the Earl Vdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for disafforesting the Forest of borough, in the County of York, and for dividing and in-

closing the Open Parts of the said Forest, which lie within the Eleven Constablerics thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Corn-mon and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Manor of Thornton, in Bradford Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. a. 1. 7. To leave out from "that" to c* Genfleman" in 1. 9., and to insert

" Hugh Oldham of Mane hefter, in the County of ’ instead

thereof.

1. 10. To leave out "fame" and to insert " said" instead thereof, and after 1 " County" to insert " of York."

1. it.To leave out "John" and to insert " William" instead thereof.

Pr. 10. 1. 2i. To leave out " said" and to insert . " Allotment or" instead thereof,

and to leave out from " Allotments," to " by" in 1. 23., and to insert " to be made to him, her, or them,

" respectively," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fc-verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Manor of I.Thornton, in Bradford Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to (he Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the Road, from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane , in Fertulle, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clarke, Mr. Jackson, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, and of the Traders and Inhabitants of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ants afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; an Act made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty,

Bicker

to

Aylesbury

Road*.

K natrfbdroujk Forest Inclosure.

Thornton

Inclosure.

Macclesfield,

&c.

Roads.

Clyde

Navigation

i^jQeoi -Illi

13* Ma

Majesty, for improving 4he Navigation of the Rivet GWc*,'was read': And,

y^^^A-Kfcpaircybeing examined, said, That a new Survey has been made of the River and that by the Opinion and Advice of able and expert: Engineers, great Improvements may be made in the Navigation thereof, Which is at present in a very imperfect State; and that some further Powers are necessary to ehable the M agi ft rates, and City Council oi Glasgow, to improve the Navigation of the said River.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, nude in the Thirty-second ' Year of the R'tigrt of King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the KiVe*C7v<&, to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbeifs t And that Lord Frederick Campbell and Mr. Edmonjtone, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. 1

Bt. Alban’* A Bill to continue tire Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers, of Three Acts, for repairing the Highways, through the several Parishes of Saint Saint

'Atbaii, Saint Peter, ShettRidge, and South Mims, in

the Counties of Hertford and Middlejen, Was tead i Se-fcdnd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sutteh, Mr. Phmtr, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, <U Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sf — tawUnd A Bill to continue the Term, and vary and enlarge v_^.- h the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twelfth Year of the jUadfT* ’Reign of King George the First.and the Eiglvteenth Year . of the Reign of his Tate Majesty, for repairing the Highways, from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of IVtits, and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed^ to Mr. Vunfit tart, Mr. Raiciiffe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,'in the Speaker’s Chamber; And all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Donton Sir fVURam Dolbttt reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. wjlom t[,c g|j| fOT dividing and triclosing the several Open Fields, Copies, and Commonable Ground, within the Parish of Denton, otherwise Druington Parva, in the County of Northampton, was, committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except,

whole Property in the Lands to be inclosed is 42 Acres, who, wheti first applied to, was cohfcnting to the Bill, but is now prevented, by Illness, from giving his Consent; and also except fViUiam Unwin, who is possess-ed of about 130 Acres, who had been wrote to, at his supposed Place of Residence, but has returned no Answer; and that the Whole of the Fidd Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to 700 Acres, and the Whole of the Commons and Copfcs likewise to 700 Acres) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once ,read throughout; and- then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

speenfumUnJ A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, usually 'travelling the Highway from Stccnhamlani, to and Roaik- VoL. 32.

through the Town of Marlborough, Was ptelented' to the House, and read; Setting forth; That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in the House; to continue the Term; and to vary and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First; and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,- for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to MariboTeugh, in the County of tVibi, and fot repairing several other Roads therein, mentioned; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Accommodation of Persons travelling the said Highways, if certain Parti thereof were properly lighted; but the same cannot be done without the Aid of: Parliament: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill,

for lighting such Parts of the said Highway* as shall be thought necessary and proper, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, a* to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the ftiid Petition be referred to the Confidnation of a Committee And that they do «x&-mine the Mattel thereof; and report the feme* as it Dull appear to them, to the1 House r 1

And it is referred to Sir James Long;, 1 Mr.

&o.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber; and have

Power to fend for Persons,' Papers,’ and Records: And

all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices;

a

Mr. 1 Bntr&wrepotted frhm the Committee to whom Complon

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the -Open Fields, Inclosure; Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Compton, in the Parish of Endford, in tire County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except John White,a Tenant for Lives and Years in 28 Acres of Field Land, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, alledging he was not acquainted with the Nature of those Things; that the Person entitled to the Reversion had consented; and that the Whole of the Field Lands intended to be inclosed conftfts of 695 Acres, and the Downs and Waste Lands of 315 Acres) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l'eve-ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Reverend John Shaw, Doctor of Bourne Laws, Rector and Patron of the Rectory of the Parish Drainage Church of Wiberton, of Thomas Birtwhistle, the Rector and Patron of the Rectory of the Parish Church of -beck and Skirbeck Quarter, and of Tunnard, Gentleman, Impropriator of the Rectorial Tithes of Framp-ton, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving < certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Bojion Haven, and Bourn, in the Parts of KeJIeven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and for improving the 'Navigation through the said Lands; and that the Petitioners apprehend, there are some Provisions in the said Bill, which, if passed inttf a Law, will be very detrimental to the Petitioners Property: And therefore praying. That they may be heard,

9 O by

Lilt Icport *c. Roads.

stunsforth

liicloiure.

Clyde

ridge.

Riir.il: H i* 5 iid Rtd’b'.i ic:.

W tfiminster T a vin^.

7S4 130 Martii A. 1770.

by: their Counsel,. against such Parts of the said Bill as Spencer, and Richard , which was Yesterday pre£ may aflfcdc them, and have such other Relief in the Pre- fented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the qiifes as shall seem meet. Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might

Ordered, That vtbe said Petition be referred to the be again read.

Consideration, of the Committee, to whom the said BilL . And the same being read accordingly;

is.committed And that the Petitioners be heard, by. Ordered, That the Petitioners be beard, by their their Counsel, befbte: the said Committee, upon their Pe- Counsel, upon their Petition, upon the Second reading tition if they think fit. of the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be JmXnstruction to tl\e said Com- Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the same Time, in.Favour of the said Bill, against the said said Petition.

Petition. ... .

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Export«:«i( Committee to whom the &id Bill is committed.. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of

upon the Bill to permit the Exportation of Malt, be Mal1'

A Bill to extend the Provisions in Two Acts, passed now read.

.ra Jfehe Xbkd and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, And the said Order being read accordingly; fot.repairing the Road from: Cambridge to Ely, and The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

ifpm Ely to* JUttleperl,. and to the Bank of The Hundred Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Eaq/ Rivers and other Roads therein mentioned, to the Mr took the Chair of- the Com- , „

>Road from Gibbet Bill tp. Erith, and from the House mittee.

of George Fart in, to the House !of Love Owen, and for Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

.waking other Provision for repairing the said Road from Mr. Charles Townffield reported from the Committee,

Jily, UiJftulepurt, and to the Bank of The Hundred Foot That they had gone through the Bill, and made fe-

.Riyer, and, for making and keeping in Repair a Road veral Amendments thereunto; which they had cfireifccd irqqi LittUpWtto. Chequer. Cflrner, in Downhatn, in the him to report, when the House -will please to receive Counties -of (dambridvt and Norfolk, was read a Second the fame. . ,j

Time. Ordered, That the Report be received To-moiyo>v

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Morning.

Hynde Cotton, Mr. Scrope, H&. \ A<qd they, «re to meet , . r . -

-this Afterhoojn, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Sir Cherries Whitworth, according tp Order, reported Supply. Chamber. , from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

~ was referred to consider further of the Supply granted

Mr. Turner pre fen ted to the House, ;according to Or- to.His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee ‘der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common had directed him to report to the House; which he read Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, &nd other in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Ufiincloled Grounds, within the Town Ih ip or. Terri- Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

tories of Upper 'Dunsforth and Brant on, in the County viz.

of York: And the same was received; and read the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

- First Time. That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in maintaiu-

; . ing and supporting the Forts and Settlementson

A Bill for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, the Coast of Africa, under the Direction of the Com- near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark, . mittee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

and for making and repairing certain Roads and Avenues The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was leading to the lame, was read a Second Time. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain House.

Lockhart Ross, Lord Frederick Campbell, He.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the . Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported . Way* Speaker’s Chamber. - from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it J*"M*

was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Re-into the several Burglaries and Robberies that of late solution which the Committee had directed him to re-have been committed in and about the Cities of London port to the House; which he read in his Place, and af-and Westminster, and to consider of more effectual Me- . terwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

theds to prevent the same for the future: And that same was read; and is as followeth; viz. they do report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to the House. . That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Fuller^ Sir jesty, the Sum of One Million Eight hundred thousand ‘John Turner, &c.: And they are: to meet this After- Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be noon, at Five of the Clock, in, t;he Speaker's Cham- charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next her; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, . Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not' and Records: And all who come to the Committee, discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the -are to have Voices. Fifth Day of April, One thousand Seven hundred and

Seventy-one, to be exchanged, and received in Payment,

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing several Aifls, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been passed for paving, cfeanfiag, and lighting, the Squares, exchanged and received in Payment,

Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of The said Resolution, being read a Second Time,

liest,)mfer, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by

}o the Pari fit of Saint James-, and fqr better paving, the House.

cleansing, and lighting, the Streets. Squares, Lanes, and Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said

other Places, within the said Parish; be read a Second. Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord Time, upon Monday Morning next. North, Mr. , Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

The Hpule was.moved, That the Petition of Robert Charles Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. So-Canipbe/l,.. Jonathan Ranie, Peter Ralchin, Christopherlicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

22 - , Sir

j ' -

Militia Vav and C loathing*

Raven stone Inclosure*

Fox ton I«cloiiire.

West

Heflmon

Inclosure.

Simpson

Incloi'urr.

io.Geq.1IL i 3° — 14''Martii. 785

' \ J

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the in.

Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing And the said Report was read.

of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- And the Petition of the major Part of the Owners land, for One Year, beginning the 2 cth Day of March and Proprietors of the Common Fields, Common Mea-1770, was committed, the Amendments which the dows. Common Cow Padures, Lammas Grounds, and Committee had made to the Bill; and which they h.ad Commonable Lands, in the Parish of , in the

directed him-to report to the House.; and he read the County of Buckingham, was also read.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and ^vith the Amendments*, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where examined a Witness in Support of the Allegatioas_o£. the Amendments werepneeread throughout; and then the said Petition, and went through the Evidence for a Secorid Time, One biy One; and, upon the Question the Petitioners.

severally. put thereupon; were agreed to by the House. . Then the CounfeLfor the Bill was heard, and examined Ordered, That the ( Bill, with the Amendments, be several Witnesses in Favour of the said BUI, against the ingrossed.*' laid Petition. ’

_ - . And the Counsel for the;Petitioners was heard by Way

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interestis of Reply, concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open And then the Counsel on bbth Sides were directejl to Fields, Meadows, and Waste Ground, in the Lordship withdraw.

or Liberty of Ravenflone, otherwise Raunfton, in the And the Amendments'made by the Cothmittee to the Certifies of Leicester and Derby; which Bill was, upon said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, Friday last, reported from the Committee to whom the upon the Question severally, put thereupon, agreed to by J tame had been committed; ‘ the House. ' ' -r'

The Lord North, by His Mtgcfty’s Command, ac- Ordered, That; the Bill, with the Amendments, be. qpainted the House, That His Majesty, having been ingrossed. J

informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His

Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn-. that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. ing next. Ten of the Clock.

Notice being takeil, That* His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and1 Commonable Places, in the Parish of Foxton, in the County of Leicester; which BUI was Yesterday read a Second -Time, and committed.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, That *His Majesty’s Interest'is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pasture, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township oFand Parish of Yeddingham, in the East Riding of the County of York-, which Bill was this Day reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

> 'The Lord North, by'His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the -House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as H is Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to taka into Confederation the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows; Common Cow Pasture, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, was committed.

--------------------------- j

1

Mercurii, 14 0 die Martii; »

Anno 10® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1770.

Prayers. ;: !

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Rarenftone Fields, Meadows, and Waste Ground, in the Iadofarc, Lordship or Liberty of Ravenflone, otherwise Raunfton, in the Counties of Leicester and , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Waste Ground, in the Lordship or Liberty of Ravenflone, otherwise Rounfl, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrency.

The House being informed. That the Reverend Mr. British Harper, from the Trustees of the , at- Mufewm.

tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, intituled, " Account of the Trustees of the British Museum, December 24th 1769."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Yo»,. 31.

140 Martii. Jl> iJJO'

ACCOUNT of the Trustees of the Museum, - -

Ik ;„ - —: :r , . — £. x* -

6 To Cashraised by Lottery - . — - - - 100,000 — —

6 To. Ditto perFirft Payment of Tickpts forfeited ---- 17a 7 6 ,

6 To Ditto per Benefit Tickets, not claimed in Time - i*7*o -r -r > - »

1 2 To Ditto /^Parliamentary Grant - - - 2,0*0 — — t

By Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury - 107 17 6 1,892 a 4>

V ’ 1 To Cdftt per Second Parliamentary Grant - 2,000 — — By Fees paid at the Exchequer and.Treasury - - - 107 17 6 1,892 6

-: 2 TaCafk^rr Third Parliamentary Giant - - - 2,000 — — By Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury - , 107 i-j 6 . 1,89* 6 .1,892 2 6

166 To Cash per Fourth Parliamentary Grtnt - - - - 2,000 By Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury - - - 107 17 6

9 To Cash gained by Dividends on 3 per Cent. consol* purchased by Trustees - <- 40 18 6

*3 To Ditto, d® by Exchequer Bills - - - d® by Ditto 18 18 9

*3 To Ditto, d* by Dividends and Sales on Navy Annuities by Dit.to 129 12 6

120 \ To Ditto, d° by. Bank Annuities - - - by Ditto - 17*894 *7 *

i*o :To Dittor d* by Dividends on £. 600 Bank Annuities by Ditto . 22 15 —

:120 To Ditto, d® by Sale of Duplicate Books - - - - - 636 18 — -

170 To Ditto, d® by Dividends on O. S. S, Annuities, per Major Edwards's Legacy - 237 19 8

128,502 17 5'

The Principal and InterclLof the above-mentioned, Lesley by Major Edwards, 'cannot be-applied towards the necessary Expences of the House, it being appropriated by Parliament for particular Purposes.

io Geo. III.

14* Mar lit.

787

December 94th 1769.

6

6

6

49

5°

5*

47

67 69

6

*53

68 74

16

62

57

59

80

84

162

144

15*

*73

*3

54

163

9

120

*77

120

*74

108

178

By Cash, paid Expences on the Lottery

By Ditto, d® for Hans Sloan's Collection -By Ditto, d® Lord Oxford'% Trustees for Manuscripts - -

By Ditto, d® Commissioners of the Lottery in full - >

By Ditto, d* Expences of Acts of Parliament and Law Charges By Ditto, d® for Common Seal of the Corporation, and Press for it -By Ditto, d® Mr. Widmore for his Care of the Cottonian Library By Ditto, d® for keeping Sir Hans Sloan's Col left ion at By Ditto, d* for removing the Sloanian and Cottonian Libraries By Ditto, d® Purchase of Montague House -By Ditto, d® Repairs of Ditto -

- & 10,250-----

*5»383 4

By Ditto, d® for Furniture peculiar to the Mafeum By Ditto, d® for Meeting Room, Officers, lie.

By Ditto, d® for House Insurance -By Ditto, d® for Fire Engine, &c. -By Ditto, d® for Firing -

By Ditto, d® for Candles -

By Ditto, d® Printing Expences -

By Ditto, d® Book-binding -

By Ditto, d® Rent, Taxes, and other Annual Payments

By Ditto, d® Salaries, Wages and other Gratuities By Ditto, d® Board Wages -

By Ditto, d® incidental Charges -By Ditto, d® Garden Expences -By Ditto, d® for Stationery, Vellum Book, and Printing

By Ditto, d® for Foreign Books -

By £. 1,500 Bank Annuities consolidated 3 per Cent, and Charges

By £. 1,500 Ditto, sold at about 88 i at 89, and Dividends

By £. 600 Stock, purchased by Sale of Duplicate Books By £. 500 D®, sold at 89 i per Cent. - -

By Collection of Birds, purchased per Sale of Duplicate Books By £. 52,500 Bank Annuities, bought at about 104I pa Cent. By £. 22,500 Ditto, sold at about 88 \ pa Cent. lie.

By Balance in Mr. Race's Hands -

By overpaid per Ditto, on periodical Works -By Balance in Doctor Knight's Hands - -

4,076 689 *4 7* 8*

*57 7 6

140 8 —

1,000 148 6 — -

1,019 2 3

1,616 2,258 IO 4-i

*3 IO|

M JO O VO *3 7

*,4*3 11 10

1,683 3 3

1,641 18

225 8 9

*,374 7 6

*,339 10

5*4 4 mmmm

448 *5 —

54,93«> *3 6

19,607 4 6

78 16 6

2 *3

*4 9 8*

£. s. d.

6,200 — —

90.000 "

10.000 -

557 *9 4

435 11 *

64 16 6

160 — —

9* 5 *

163 — 2}

*5*33 r 4

4,7*5 *5 4

*,44* 3 1

4,894 *

*3,5*3 5 $

3>55° *<» "

227 7 —

34 *7 *

*5 9 —

400----.

35,323 9 —

____9$ *9 4

r 28,502 iq 5

Vol. 32.

Ordered,

Witchett

Harbour.

Exportation of Malt.

788 140 Mar til. A. 1770.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of George Earl of an

Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, by Alicia Maria Countess of Egremont, and Percy O’Bryan, Earl of Tkomond, in the Kingdom of Ireland, his Guardians, appointed by the Will of Charles late Earl of Egremont, his Father, deceased; and also the Petition of the undersigned Merchants, Gentlemen, Traders, and others, residing in or near the Town of JVatchett , and elsewhere in the County of Somer[ei, were severally referred: That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to the'm, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same Was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition; several Acts Of the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty Xing George the First, for repairing the Harbour and Quay of in the County of Somerset, were read: And,

Michael Ewen, Esquire, being examined, said, That it hath lately been difeov^red that the Term limited by the last mentioned Act, for collecting certain Ratds and Duties, for repairing the said Harbour, expired in the Year 175° J but, through Ignorance of such Expiration, the' said Rates and Duties have been collected and applied as before.

That the said Harbour and Quay hath been.constantly repaired by the Lord of the Manor, at great Annual Expences, for Security of Ships and Vessels riding the rein, and the Preservation of the said Town, and the Inhabitants, from the Inroads of the Sea; that the Pier is liable to unforeseen Accidents, and 'requires a constant Fund for the Reparation thereof; and that the present Duties which Persons pay, though not compellable so to do, have, upon the Whole been found much short of the Expences incurred on Account of the said Harbour, and that betides the ordinary Reparations now wanting, some further new Works will be requisite: And that the Preservation of the said Harbour will be of great Consequence to that Part of the Country, and of public Utility.

To. prove the Allegations of the Second Petition;

The same Witness said. That all the Persons interested are defirousj that Provision may be made for continuing Certain Rates and Duties for the Preservation of the said Harbour, and that Nine Tenths of the Duties are paid by Two Persons who have signed the Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the Duties granted and continued by several Acts made in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Harbour and Quay of Watchett, in the County of Somerset; And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte and Sir William Maynard do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Charles Townshend, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the Exportation of Malt, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships and Coalheaven; Vessels belonging to the Port of upon Tyne,

employed in the Coal Trade, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes,

' that a Petition has been presented, to amend an Act passed in the Year 1 758, for Relief and Regulation of the Coalheavers working upon the River Thames; and that thele Petitioners apprehend, that the establishing £n Office, as prayed for by the said Petition, will subject the Petitioners to great Impositions and Delays in carrying oniheir Business, and will be, in every respect, very injurious to the Petitioners in particular, and to the Coal Trade in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that no Alteration may bc-made in the present Method of carrying on the Coal Trade on the River Thames, as prayed by the said Petition, but will make such Order therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Coalheavers working on the River Thames is referred.

Sir William Maynard presented to the House, accord- Essex ing to Order, a Bill for re-building the Common Gaol CouatyGoil. of the County of Essex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to Westwell whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and loclosure. Common Fields, Lands, and Downs, within theManorand Parish of Westwell, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committeehad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord- Supply Bill} ing to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, El£-J^!uer by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1770: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay Militia and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Bri- ^ayand tain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th ot IB^’ Day of March 1770, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1770.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act Stockport made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End, in the County of

Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, was read a Second Time.

J 7 Resolved,

Surpluses.

io Geo. III. 14* Martii. 789

Rejohedy That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grof-venoTy Mr. Montagu,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bradjhawpresented to the House, pursuant to

their Address to His Majesty,

Surplufes, stated the 5th Day of April 1769: And also,

Surplufes, stated the 10th Day of October 1769.

And the Titles of the said Surplufes were read.

.The laid Surplufes are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof are as followeth;

Voi

ABSTRACT

ABSTRACT of the said S U

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

CD

o

o

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund ——

To Surplus Monies arisen on the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1769; viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account (Folio 1) -

D® - - of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio 2) -

D® - - of the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3) -

1

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods imported and undervalued, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 11* Georgii i*4 ——

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April 1769, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz. £. 3. d.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii 3d1, for the Service

of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25® Georgii 2di - 15,948 — _

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act

16° Georgii 2di brought to this Account pursuant to D° ---- 10,331----.

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18® Georgii 2di,

for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - 21,541 i0 ..1

Surplus of the Duties on Glass, and spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19* Georgii

2dl for the Service of the Year 1746, brought tor this Account pursuant to D° - - 27,132 j

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20® Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year

1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D° ----- 35,732 «_ _

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21® Georgii

2di, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - 115,064 5 „x

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii i*1, fur

the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - 23 1-

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of Gold

or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund, by an Act 32° Georgii 2dl - 2,885 _ _

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 31 *, and the Arrears of the Duties on D°, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - -- - 109,680 Q

The Duty of 3*. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act

26° Georgii 2d ------- 114,733 11

The Duty of 125. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2di - - - 2,227 _

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2* Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28* Georgii 241 - - - 33,986 q

Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued by an Act i® Georgii 2*1, for raising the y 3

Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28* Georgii 2di ----- 16,6*29

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought

to this Account pursuant to an Act 29® Georgii 2di 30,404 _

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to One

other Act, 29° Georgii 2* ------ - 5,693 _

The several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to One

other Act 29° Georgii 2*1 - -- 6,930 ,

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2d*, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 32° Georgii 2dl - 29,785

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like ----- 5,966

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like - - L348 r

To D® of the Duty on Licences to retail spirituous Liquors, the like - *5*056 j l*

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 32° Georgii

2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33® Georgii 2df - 1 0,230 18

R P L U S E S dated the 5th Day of April 1769.

o

Dr.

£ * <*-623448 17 l\

H6476 5 3i

3i7>576 10 8J

1,087,201 13 7

!5 5 4i

Per Contra ——

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Interest due the 5th Day of January 1769, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £. 36,1*27,821. 5s. 1}d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25*, 28®, 29®, 32° and 33° Georgii 2^, and 40, 6®, and 7® Georgii 3l,i, in that Behalf ——

By D®, for Charges of Management of the said Joint Stock of Annuities for the same

Half Year - ....

By D°, more for Half a Year's Interest, doe the said 5th Day of January 1769, oft £. 1,300,000 consolidated with, and added to the said Joint Stock of Annuities* by an Act 8° Georgii 3th, being Part of £. 1,900,000, the Amount of the Annuities and Lottery established by the said Act ——

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Interest, due the 5th Day of April 1769, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 19,183,323. 16s. 4*/. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25° Georgii 2di, and 5° Georgii 3lii, in that Behalf -By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day of January 1769, being after the Rate of £.3. 10s. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £1,500,000, Part of £. 2,000,000 lent on the Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to an Act 29° Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf -By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th Day of January 1769, being after the Rate of £ 3 *per Cetitum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 2,100,000 transferrable at the South-Sea House, lent on the Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to an Act 24° Georgii 2di, in that Behalf By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, fyc. for Half a Year’s AL iowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the same Act in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30* Georgii 2di, and charged on this fund by an Act 32® Georgii 2di, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1769 -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3^, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1769 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Annuity, due the 5th Day of April 1769, on the principal Sums of £. 8,240,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 33° Georgii 2di, and £. 12,000,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 2® Georgii 3tU, making together £. 20,240,000, which were made One Joint Stock of £.4per Centum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, by an Act 2® Georgii 3lil, -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities, granted per Acts i® and 2® Georgii 3*", for 99 and 98 Years, which w ere made One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3tI,f for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1769 By I)° for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bauk of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of Five millions* borrowed pursuant to an Act 31 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1758, which said Management is charged on thi* Fund by a Clause in the said Act, for the Half Year ended the 5lhDay of January 1769 -....

6 A.

54

io,o79 ,f

19,5°°

*87,749 ‘j !| 5.395

26,25° *' "T 421 17 0

31.5°° " " 590 13 6

15.533 5 —

270------

404,800 — — 5,692 10 —

124,125 -

i>745 10 if

M°6 5 —

140 Martii. A. 1770.

<1

c

r

O*

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - - -

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acta 32° Georgii 2*1 and ^- Georgii 3*^ To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 04° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii 3|U -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii a*1, and 6* Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° and 6* Georgii 3d1 To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2P Georgii 3d1, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - -

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33* Georgii a*11, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 29 Georgii 3 d1 ——

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act 19 Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3di- —

To the additional Duties on the Exportation of Coals and of several East India Goods, ft*c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU To the additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the like - - .

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU - - - ,

To the additional Subsidy upon East India wrought Silks, %c. granted and made a Part of thisPund by One other Act 6* Georgii 3d1 To the additional Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, fyc. granted by an Act 70 Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 7° Georgii 3rd - -

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 7° Georgii 3d1 ..

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3rd - - .

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii $ui, brought io this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3d1

*,678-----

*857-----

28,279-----

164,688-----

31,621 -

82,571 ——

r

246,388 —

*6*394 5 IO

- 9*4 — —

00 Jt *-? *3 9

4*6*9 3 1

*.734 *7 —

11,208 6 7

35»63* T- 7 i

*»3*7 — —

*343*989

£. 2*431*206

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

w

in

H

50

n

H

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Three Months Interest, after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum, on £. 875,000, due the 5th Day of January 1769, when the same was paid off pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3*11, fn full Redemption of the Sum of £. 3,500,000 raised by way of Annuities and Lotteries, by virtue of an Act 30 Georgii 3th, for the Service of the Year 1763 By D* ft>r Charges of Management of the said £. 875,000 for the same Three Months By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of January 1769, of the Tax on Offices and Pensions, granted by an Act 310 Georgii 2^, with a Moiety of £. 93,217. 10$. id. per Annum, charged on the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU, for answering and paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five million&borrowed by virtue of the said Act 310 Georgii Ur41, for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act in that Behalf -

By, the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to reimburse Fees paid for examining and auditing the Accounts of Annuities, granted Anni* 1756 and 1758; £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, and Long Annuities, for Two Y*&rs and Half, to the 5th Day of July 1767; for £.4 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, for Two Years and to the 5th Day of April 1767; for Reduced Annuites for Two Years to Ditto; for optional Annuities One Year, to the 5th Day of April 17 66; for £. 4 per Centum Annuities, granted Anno 1763 for Two Years, to 5th Day of April 1767; and for £.4 per Centum Navy Annuities for Two Years, to the 25th Day of March 1767 -

By Ditto, to reimburse Fees paid at the Exchequer for Imprest Rolls, Spc. for Fees paid the Auditors for passing Accounts of the Contributions to the Annuities and Lotteries, granted Ami* 1765, 1766, and 1767, and for obtaining Quietuses for the said Accounts - -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Interest and Circulation of Exchequer Bills made forth on Credit of this Fund, for the Service of the Year

1768 - -

By the Managers and Directors of the Lottery established by an Act 8* Georgii 3tH, in Reward for their Labour, Pains, and Service, in executing their Commission By Samuel Wilson, Gentleman, Secretary to the said Managers and Directors, for incident Expences relating to the said Lottery -

By Ditto, more a? Secretary to the Commissioners appointed for taking in Tickets of the said Lottery established per Act 8* Georgii 3ni, and making out Certificates in lien thereof, for incident Expences attending the same -By Cash taken in full of £. 2,250,000, granted out of this Fund, towards the Supply of the Year 1768, pursuant to an. Act 8° Georgii 3^ in thabBehalf -

8,750 — — 123 — 11$

20,332 — i

21,327 2 7f

304 18 6

2,187 *4 1°

6,300 ---- r*

2,000 — -

85O-----

756.875 16

£ 0,296,028 19

By Cash remaining in the* Exchequer on the 5th Day of-April 1769, for the Disposition of Parliament . .?- - - - - *» - w - £. 135,177 *5

£ 2,43i,2b6 15

9i

3i

This being the Ninety-third Half Yearly Account^ made up pursuant to an Act 9° Georgii 1 — (Page 367) humbly presented this 14th Day of March. *770, by me.

Tie Bradshaw *

» ?'

VO

ww iir°ao 01

ABSTRACT* of the said SURPLUSES, dated the 10th Day of October 1769.

=b

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund - -....

To Cash remaining the re on the 5th Day of April 1769, for the Disposition of Parliament -

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1769; viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account (Folio 1) -D° - - of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio a)

D# - - of the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3) -

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods imported, and undervalued, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 11° Georgii iml ——

To Money received from a Person unknown, for Conscience Sake -

To Monies brought to this Account on the 10th Day of October 1769, pursuant to the several Acts of Par-

Dr.

jC- *

»35.*77 *5

i.

«i

1 lament in this Behalf; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4* Georgii 241, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 241 -Surplus of the additional Duties on Low 'Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act i6# Georgii a*®, brought to this Account pursuant t o D* -Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D*

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted 'by an Act 19* Georgii a41, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act so* Georgii a41, for the Service of the Year

1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D* - - - - 46,36a

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act a l* Georgii a41, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D*

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6# Georgii i — , -for -the Service of the Year *7*0, brought to this Account pursuant to D# -

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 32* Georgii a*

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6* Georgii 3*, and the Arrears of the Duties on D°, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant ,to the said Act - - - - .

The Duty of 3 s. 4 d.per Bushel o0 Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 06° Georgii 241 -

The Duty of iar. per Barrel on Sweets, or Wines, made from British or foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act io# Georgii a41, for the Service of the Year 1737* brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 07* Georgii a44 -Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and £oals, continued by an Act of Georgii a41, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act $8* Georgii a41 Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii a44, for raising the Sum of£. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act a 8° Georgii 2& ——

The Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29* Georgii a4*

The additional Duties on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 59* Georgii 2* - - - - 1

The several Rates and Dufies payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate,' having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 29* Georgii a41 ——

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act go*

Georgii 2M, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 32* Georgii 241 The additional Duties on Coals exported, the like - - - .

The Surplus of the new Duties on Licences to retail Wine, the like- -

D* - - of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like *

4*76o -

90,005 12 7

1054M4 >7 —

5,59* *7 "~

35*4* > 4

?7*37

6 6

18*78 6 — 5*134 6 9

6,291 17 6

35*898

7,028

10,914

17.7H

18

*3

£. ». d.

827,36a 9 9 116,124 12 11 338,217 14 iof

1,281,704 17 6$

— s. d. 16,597 10 3 17,011 4 4

33*47* 6 27,021 15 t

ll 3

- 169.937 9 7»

a

n

4 i

49

10

Per Contra >-

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the* Bank of England; for Half a Year’s Interest, doe the 5th Day of July 1769, being after the Rate of £. 3per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Suxg of £38*027,821. 5*. \%d. subscribed to the Joint Stock oi ,£. $per Gentum transforrable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25#, 28* 29®, 32% bf 33* Georgii 241, and 4®, 6*,' 7*, bf 8* Georgii, 3d1, in that Behalf ——

By D*, for Charges of Management of £.36,127,821. 5#. i|d. Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities, for the same Half Year By D*, for Charges of Management of £.1,300,000 other Part of DV for One Year and Halt due the said 5th Day of July 1769 -

By D*, for Charges of Management of £.600,000, Residue of D*, for Half a Year due D* -. - .

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 10th Day of October 1769, being after the Rate of £. $ pci'Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £. 19,183,323. 165. 4 d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 250 Georgii 2di if 50 Georgii 3*, in that Behalf By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the gth Day of July 1769, being after the Rate of £. 3. 10#. per Centum per Amtum, on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, Part of Two Millions, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 290 Georgii a41, in that

Behalf.....-....

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year....

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th Day of July 1769, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £ 2,100,000 transferrable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 24* Georgii 2J, in that Behalf By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the same Act -By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Ex-chcquery granted by an Act 30° Georgii a44, ana charged on this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii 2di, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1769 -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on thb Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3:ii, for the Half Year ended the loth Day of October 1769 ... - - -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Jv/ig-land, for Half a Year's Annuity, due the 10th Day of October 1769,0a the principal Sum of £. 8,240,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 33* Georgii 2di, and £. 12,000,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3lii, making together £. 20,240,000, which were made One Joint Stock of£. 4 per C’cnticm Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, by an Act 2# Georgii 3d4 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year - ....

vt

£. d.

570.4*7 6 4f

*0*079, *8 nf

tjog617 €

168 15 —

*87*749 *7 »f 5*395 6 if

2M50 — — 421 17 &

31,500-----

590 12 6

15,448 17 6

270

404,800 — . — 5,692 10 —

140 Mar tit. A. 1770.

c*

CO

to

To the Subsidy on (roods and Merchandises imported, granted by an Act 3a0 Georgii 2*, brought to thia Account pursuant to an Act 33* Georgii 2* -

The additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like ....

The additional Inland Duty on Coffee* per Acta 3* Georgii 3d1. 5* Georgii 3#*

the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2*, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2° Georgii 3d1 -

The Duties upon Spirituous LiquoiV, granted by Acts 33® Georgii 261 flr 6* Georgii 3td, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° If 6® Georgii 3111 -

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act a° Georgii 3ltt, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

The Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33° Georgii 2s, pursuant to One other Act a® Georgii 3td -

brought to this Account Georgii 3*

The additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale* granted by an Act brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 4® Georgii 3*" -The additional Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods* ftc. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 5 Georgii 3tU The additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the like - -

The additional Duty upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3d4 ——

The additional Subsidy upon £a*t India wrought Silks, %c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by One other Act 6® Georgii 3d1 -

The additional Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse Hair Hats, and Bonnets, %c. granted by an Act 7* Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 70 Georgii 3d1 -

The additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 7 Georgii 3d4 ——

The additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 3* Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3 r The Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6* Georgii 3cU, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8* Georgii 3d1 - -

100,698 f

1,280 —

2,022 ——

37>*49 —

309,680 —

38,336 —

a74»383 —

*56,892 —

*7»°67 12

57* H

1,900 —

4.00-3 10

2,118 16

3.945 11

CO 18

10,176 —

To Monies granted out of the Supply for the Year 1769, by an Act 9® Georgii 3d1, for the Purposes following 5 rit.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1768, of the Fund established for paying Annuities in respect of Five millions borrowed by virtue of an Act made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year

*75*....

To replace to this Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of April 1768, of the Fund established for paying Annuities in respect of £ 3,500,000, borrowed by virtue of an Act made in the 3d Year of His present Majesty's Reign, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763 - _

47>53* »*

*8,93® 3

D

in'

N

4!

lO

9

6

«i

— *>687,395 3f *>969,159 11 — i

By the Aid Chief Cashier of die Governor and Company of the Bank "of England, for Annuities, granted per Acts t* 4 * Georgii 3U4, for 99 ana 98 Years, which were made Ooe Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 4* Georgii 3d1, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1769 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same

"Half Year....

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities, payable in respect of Five missions borrowed pursuant to the Act 31* Georgii 2*, for the Service of the Year 1758, which said Management is charged on ttyis Fund by a Clause in the said Act, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1769

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1769, of the Tax on Offices and Pensions, granted by an Act 31* Georgii 2", witha Moiety of £. 93,217. 10#. id. per Annum, charged on the Duties upon Houses, and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1, for answering and paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five millions borrowed by virtue of the said Act 31 Georgii 2*, for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act, in that Behalf By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1769, pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 3^ (being the Surplus of this Fund, which remained for the Disposition of Parliament on the 5th of April 1769) -By Cash taken further towards the Supply of the Year 1769, in Part of £. 1,664,822. 4s. 5fd. granted by the said Act 9® Georgii 3tlJ, for the Service of the said Year

U4*5 — — ».745 10

1,406 s — .

1,600-----

<*6,130 14 7f

*35.^77 *5 H

1,520,73a 4 74

£ 3.*7o.799 6

d.

6

41

<<464 1 io$

3,035,6a* la 114

£ 3.»7o,799 6

This being the Ninety-fourth Half Yearly Account, made up pursuant to an Act 9* Georgii I"1 (Page 367) is humbly presented this 14th Day ef March 1770, by me

Tkos. BradflitatK

VO

Us>

10 Geo. III. 14' Martti.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Answer to

Address

for

Account.

Tunstall,

&c.

Roads.

Derby Hills Inclosure.

Bltekbourton

Inclosure.

Hanman’s

Nat.

Sutton*

&c.

Roads*

794

Ordered, That the said Surplufes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A. 1770.'

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Seven oakes, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's , to hurst Pound and Pulling's Hilly in the County of and to Flint well Kent, in the County of as relates

to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common, to Wood/-, gate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of Kent, is committed.

14® — 150 Martii.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself info the said Committee.

The Lord North reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty-had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Angutjh r

Mr* Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, to Boffey, in the County of Chester, and from Great Chell, to Shelton, in the said County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclefing a certain Common, or Waste Ground, called Derby Hills, in the County of Derby, Parcel of the Manor of Castle Donington, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Blackbourton, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Gottfried to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road' froth Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Peble Hill, in the said County; and for impowering the Trustees appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and Suffix, to make a Yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, and putting them under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for repairing the Road from Povey Cross, in the County of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Suffix; and also the Road from Woodkatch to Peteridge Lane, in the County of Surrey., is committed.

The Bill to regulate the Consequences of the Expul-fion of Members of this House, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 26th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 d Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii III*1* Regis, 1770. Prayers.

A Petition of Woffington Earl Ferrers and Henry Lord Paget, and the humble Petition of those- whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Lords of Manors, and Owners of Lands, Mines, and Minerals, adjacent to, or near, the Canal now making from the River Trent to the River Mersey, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to amend an Act made in the Sixth Ywof the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, and for granting further Powers for that Purpose; and letting forth. Tint the Petitioners conceive, it wifi be of great public Utility, and also of Advantage to the Company of Proprietors of the said CanaJ, ifaClause is inserted in the said Bill, to enable such Lords of Manors and Owners of Lands, whole Estates lie adjacent to or near the said Canal, to make navigable Cuts or Branches through their respective Lands into the said Canal, provided such Cuts or Branches shall be so made and done, without taking any Water out of the said Canal, or doing any Damage thereto, or to the Banks thereof, but what shall be effectually repaired, and made good by the Persons making such Cuts and Branches into the same: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given for inserting a Clause in the said Bill, to enable Lords of Manors, and Owners of Lands, lying adjacent to or near the said Canal, to make navigable Cuts or Branches into the fame, through their own respective Lands, upon the Terms and for the Purposes aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commute, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Stealing of Dogs, was committed;

Se\'enonke*

&c.

Road*.

Expul Goa ‘of Members.

Wilden Ferry to

Runcorn

Gap

Navigation.

Dog

Stealing*

IoGeO. III. 15* Maftii. 795

mitted; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Stoke Roads. . Sir Edward', dflleypresented to the House, according to Order, a BilL for amending and widening several Roads, leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, That Mf. Cowfe from the Account Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River ’

Thames, from the City of Wefim'tnft, to the opposite to the Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; House. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper; intituled, " State of the Account of Monies received and paid on account of making a more com-u modious Passage to the House of Commons."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

jjy an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge were authorized . to carry on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from St. Margaret's Lane, and Old Palace' Yard -, and the Commissioners were, by the said Act, empowered to do all Things which should be necessary for that Purpose.

A»d towards enabling the Commissioners to execute those Powers, several Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to £. 10,000, have at different Times been already granted to them by Parliament; and in Confluence thereof, the Commissioners have made very great Progress, and used their bell Endeavours, in executing the Trulls so reposed in them; and that in so doing, they have found it necessary to pay, and appropriate for Payment out of the said £. 10,000, the several Sums following; v.

Paid Treasury and Exchequer Fees, on receiving the said £.10,oco’ -

Paid on Account of Purchases - - - - . .

The several Bills for so much of the Works as have already been performed, and which the said Commissioners are noty ready-to pay, amount in the Whole to . - -

£. s. d.

285 14 —

8 5

5,545 14 10

Total paid and ready to be paid -Which Sum of £. 9,662. 17. 3. being deduced out of the said Sum of £. 10,000 already granted, there will remain in the Commissioners Hands unapplied - -

9,662 17 3

337 2 9

10,000 — —

By the Fa&s above Hated, it appears, that after the Commissioners shall have completely paid the said Sum of £.9,662. 17. 3. there will remain only £.337. 2. 9. to answer the Expence of the under mentioned Articles; viz.

The F.ftimate for completely finishing the said New Building by performing

the Works Hill remaining to be done - <- - - 850 — —

And for paying to Mr. Thomas Wells, as a Recompence for his Leasehold Estate and Interest, Isc. in Two Houses, Part of the Premises which have been pulled down with his voluntary Consent, in order to expedite the car- *

.- tying on the said New Building, the Sum of - 500 — - —

And for defraying the necessary Expences of Lamplighting, Attendants to keep the Doors, and making Fires in the said New Building, from the 9th of January 1770 to the 3d of March following, amounts to - - 82 16 —

N. B. This last Article of Expence will continue to increase, until it shall be thought proper to discontinue the Service.

1,432 16 —

Out of which the before mentioned Balance of £. 337. is. 9 being deduced — —

There will be wanting to enable the Commissioners to complete the said Building, the Sum of ——

Besides such other Monies as will be incurred on Account of Lighting,'

337 2

LO95 13

9

3

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Exoter Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde reported from the High 6treet. Committee, to whom the Bill to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, to apply a Sum of Money, out of the County Stock, for the opening, V'ot. 32.

making, and maintaining a convenient, and commodious Highway, from the High Street in the City of Exeter, to the Castle of Exeter, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee-had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report

9 R to

796 150 Martii* 1770.

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ^nd afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfed*

SouMrop Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosurt. the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Souldrop, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except James Catejby and Thomas Eden, who are possessed of Thirty-six Acres of Land in the said Common Fields; and that the Whole of the Lands in the said Common Fields, contain Three hundred and Fifty Acres) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingtolfed.

Compton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Compton, in the Parish of End-ford, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste L^nds, within the Manor or Manors of Compton, in the Parish of Endford, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Braml*n Sir John Rous presented to the House, according to 10 Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, St. Kdmunds ^rom Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds to the Town Koid. of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, and from the South End of the Ferry Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Walker’s Sir Edward Baytitun reported from the Committee, to Will. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Lymington, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, settled by the Will of John Walker, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County of Wilts, in Lieu thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Baytitun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Grevilc reported from the Committee, to Buttemm, whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, *

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of Roai the Counties of Stafford and Derby, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

Mr. John Green, being examined, said. That the Roads leading from Butter ton Moor, over Blackton Moor, through Longnor, to the Three Milestone upon the Road from Buxton to Ashborne, and from Blackton Moor, through Warjlow and Hartington, to the Road from Buxton to Ashborne, near New haven, are in a ruinous Condition, and narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Roads from Butterton Moor End, near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone upon the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from*

Buxton to Ashborne, near Newhaven, in the County of Derby: And that the Lord Grtvile and Mr. Jackson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to permit the Exportation of Malt, Exportation was read the Third Time. of

Rejo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to permit the Exportation of Malt.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel St. Leger reported from the Committee, to Botterford whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bottesford, including the Hamlets of Easthorpe and Normanton, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 5 Acres, some of whom could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, is 4,300 Acres) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Ex- Debt to the chequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time be- Crown, ing, to compound, with William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown from William Rye, for which they are Sureties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound, with William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown from William Rye, for which they are Sureties.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir

j

ro Geo. Ill Martii. 797

Vestrriinfler Sir Charles Whitwotth reported From the Committee, av, llS* to whom the Petition of the Commissioners For putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament* For paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the Fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. George Box, Clerk to the Commissioners, and Mr. Foivler, being examined, said, That thfr Commissioners have continued to put the said Acts in Execution with great Diligence, and have made conlklerable Progress in the Works thereby directed to be done, but find it impossible to proceed further on Account of the Inefficiency of the Funds appropriated for those Purposes.

That if the Commissioners were impowered to collect a fmal! Toll on every Day in the Week except Sunday, upon Coaches, Chaises, and other Carriages, not used in Trade, and on Saddle Horses, at the several Gates or Turnpikes mentioned and let forth in the Act of the 5th of His present Majesty’s Reign, for collecting Tolls on Sundays; it would be a Means more effectually to facilitate the Execution of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster y and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, effectually to perform the Works directed by the said Acts to be done: And that Sir Charles Whitworth^ Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Fiizherhert, Mr. Gray, and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, whole Mary It Rone Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves Nightly and the other Vestrymen of the said Parish, was pre-Tented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the c* Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-jtfty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleaning, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Boney in the County of Middlesex, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, so far as the same relates to the cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Parish; and setting ' forth. That, if Provisions were made in the said Bill, for opening a Passage, through ah open unbuilt Piece of Ground, betwixt the West End of Wigmore Street and Portman Square, it would be of great Advantage to the said Parish, and to the Public: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for that Purpose, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Cttrzon, &c.: And they are to jneet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ken* Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do make the

Udosure, :.,4.V«L.32.

Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called The.

Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was committed.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Bafonthwaitt mon and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Parish Inclosure. of Baffenthwaite, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Bajfenr rhwai!ey in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, to Bellerby whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Two Common' Inclosure. Stinted Failures, and a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of Bellerby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the §atiffaClion of the Committee; except Francis Crojsfteld, who is possessed of an Estate of 40 /. per Annum, and who had been applied to, and refused to consent; and that the annual Value of the Estates within the said Manor is 962/. 15J. 10 d. and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- West mon Fields, Common Pasture, and other Uninclosed Hcflerton Grounds, within the Township of West Heflerton, and Ficlosure. Parish of Yeddingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pasture, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of West Hefla'ton, and Parish of Yeddingham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Lafcedes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Bromyard thereunto fuferibed, was presented to the House, and Roaa. read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, a Bill is depending, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A&, for repairing the several Roads leading from Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and for amending

VjQOQ.le

Plymouth

Streets.

Preservation of Game.

Watchett

Jiarbour.

Dunbar’s

Complaint

of

Pmbertlcment.

*798 *5* Martii, 1770.

ing several other Roads adjoining thereto; and that the Road from the Parish Church of Bifl/ops Froome, in the said County, through the said Parish of Bifl/ops Froome, to join the Ledbury Turnpi ke Road in CaflleFroome, is muchoutof Repair, and cannot be rendered commodious by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for amending the Road aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Foley, Colonel St, Leger, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Barrington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Car/nqn and Porters within the said Town, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Common Council, Clergy, Freeholders, Leafehoklers, and Principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was referred; That uo Person appeared before the Committee on Behalf of the said Petition 5 and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon cTburfday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Aldermen, Common Council, Clergy, Freeholders, Leaseholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, when the said Report shall be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the- said Bill, against the said Petition.

' Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Gajne in that Part of Great Britain called England, and to make some further Provisions, in order to prevent both the unwarrantable and unfeatbnable Destruction of the Game in general, and to establish, in some Cales, more efficient Modes of Proceeding for the Punishment of Offenders: And that Mr. Alack worth. Sir Charles Banbury, the Lord Barrington, and Colonel Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, >the fame.

Sir Charles Kemys Lynte presented to the House,. according to Order, a Bill for further continuing the Duties, granted and continued by several Acts, made in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King* George the First, for repairing the Harbour and Quay of Watchett, in the County of Somerset: Ai^d the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruct ion to the Committee, to whom the Petition, of Nicholas Dunbar\ at first Raymaster

14

to the Regiment of Surrey Militia, and, after the Division of the Regiment into Two Battalions, some Time Paymaster to the First Battalion thereof, is referred;

That they have Power to report their Opinion to the House, upon the Matter contained in the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Burglaria who are appointed to enquire into the several Burglaries and Robberies that of late have been committed in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and to oon-fiderof more effectual Methods to prevent the same for the future; That they do make Enquiry concerning the Beggars and Vagrants, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and of the Laws and Regulations relating to the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee,- to Preservation whom the Bill for better Preservation of the Game, of Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ‘ the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Supply Bill; or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year. 1770, £xchc(luer was read a Second Time. BilJs*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ExP0fts to to resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present' Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the Britisht Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, as lays Duties upon J

Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters’ Colours, Pa- I

per, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, of the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Alonday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Acl(frcrj posed. That an humble Address be presented to His fonPa^r; Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy 0 of a Paper, intituled, " The humble Addressj Re-tc monftrance, and Petition, of the Lord Mayor, Alder-c< men, and Livery, of the City of London. in Common " Hall assembled," presented to His Majesty, on the Fourteenth Instant together with a Copy of His Majesty’s A nfwer to the fame.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words,

"And

Motion for Fapers.

Linlithgow

Elc&ioQ.

Dtnto*

Inclosure.

Simpson

Inclosure.

i o Geo. III.' 150 — 16° 799

44 And also a Copy of the Petition referred to in the said <c Remonstrance."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

: Then the previous Question being put. That the said proposed Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telte for he

.08.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Reftolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Paper, intituled, The humble Address, Re- monftrance, and Petition, of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Livery, of the City of London, in Common Hall assembled," presented to His Majesty on the Fourteenth Instant; together with a Copy of His Majesty’s Answer to the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His MajestyMoft honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, all Petitions which have been presented to His Majesty, from, or. in the Name of, the Freeholders or Electors, of any County, City, or Borough, since the First Day of June *769-

The same was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Matter of the , Petition of James Dundas, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return, for the Shire of Linlithgow, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Instant March.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 16* die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIP11 Regis, $770.,

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Copfcs, and Commonable Ground, within the Parish of Dentony otherwise Divington Parva, in the County of Northampton^ was read the Third Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Cppfes, and Commonable Ground, within the Parish of Dentony otherwise Divington Parva, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Cow Pasture, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Vol. 32.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thdt the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Cow Pasture,

Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpfton, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, iand desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Liflceard Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His pre- Roads.

sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads, from the East End of West Taphouse Lane, to the Borough of Lijkeardy and from thence to Coomb Row Houfte, and a Ho the Road from the said Borough of Lijkeardy to Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point4 and from Craft Hole aforesaid, to St. Germans Beacon, in Ibe Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and for amending the Roads from Barn Street, to DuloeXhurch, and from Lux Street, to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Post, to Treworgey Crofts, in the County of Cornwall; was read a Second Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Salt, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

: Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac- Glasgow cording to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Mon£un<ij Navigable Cut or Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Navigation. Colleries, in the Parishes of Old and New Monklands, to the City of Glaftgow: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to' alary le bone whom the Petition of several of the Vestrymeh of the Nightly Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middle- "atch*&c* /ex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Vestrymen of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table i Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Francis Woodward, being examined, said, That the Communication between one Part of the said Parish and another, is cut off for Want of a Public Highway between Wigmore Street and Portman Square i That the Carriage Road at present is about of a Mile; and that the proposed Opening will be about a Quarter of a Mile; and will be very advantageous to the Inhabitants of that Part of the Town.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of St. Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for making more effectual Provisions for those Purposes, fa far as the same relates to the cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Parish, is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for opening a Passage, betwixt the West End of Wigmore Street and Portman Square, within the said Parish.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Workhouse, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty w^khouse* 9S of

8oo

16° Martii. 1770.

of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Workhouse, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandvs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Clement A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectuaU Danes an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His

WatciL Pre^nt Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and em-

ac ploying, the Poor of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Darner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

St. Time* A Petition of Sir, Thomas Wilson, Knight, William y-nfter B°utton* Thomas Aylijfe, and John Hume, Esquires, Eli-aving* xaieth Fellows, Widow, and Joseph Hanop, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts passed in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and that the Petitioners have lent their Monies, and are possessed of Mortgages, to a very considerable Amount, on the Credit of the Rates laid upon several Streets, in the Parishes of Saint James, Saint George, Hanover-Square, and Saint Ann, Soho, which have been paved under the said AdLof the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and that the Petitioners are informed, that Application is making to the House, to repeal the said several Acts, so far as they relate to the said Parishes of Saint James, Saint George, Hanover Square, and Saint Ann, Soho, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will greatly weaken the Securities they are possessed of, for the several Sums which have been advanced for the Purposes of the said Acts, within the said Parishes: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said several Applications; and that no Act or Acts may pass to the Prejudice of the Petitioners.

Ditto. A Petition of several of the Inhabitants in the Parish

of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Parish: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Owners of Land and Houses,

in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Land and Houses in the said Parish;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts passed in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of West-Swifter, and Parts adjacent; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for repealing the said several Acts, so far as they relate to the said Parish of Saint James, and for the better paving, deanfing, and lighting, the Streets,. Squares, Lanes, and other Places, in the said Parish; and that the Petitioners conceive, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, they will be greatly aggrieved thereby: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ditto* . A Petition of John Search, John Horobin, Richard Dealtry, George Buckham, William Staines, and Martin Lawler, was also presented to the House, and read; Set-r ting forth, That the Petitioners have entered into feve-

\ ral Contracts, for Terms of Years, under large Penal*

ties, with the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Business of such Contracts, and provided great Quantities of Materials, in order to enable them to complete the same; and that the Petitioners conceive, that, if the said Bill pafies into a Law, they will be much aggrieved thereby, as the Petitioners will be rendered incapable of executing their several Contracts: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repealing several Acts, passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint James, and for better paving,’ cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares,

Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are then to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Bill for consolidating the Rates to be made for the NTcw Strum Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes of Saint p<w* Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bouverie,

Mr. Harris, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sit Francis Molyneux, Royal Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker, to *

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Aficnt to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, in the County of Cardigan:

An Act for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Benftngton and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Upton, in the Parish of Ratley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Wellejbourn$ Hafthtgs, in the County of Warwick:

An Act to continue, and render more efTedtual, an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads, in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerftt, and other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield,

in

Westwelt

Iflclosure.

io Geo. III. 169 MaRoi

in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for amending the Road from Christophers Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North East End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road, at Cockkam Hilly in the Parish of Wtfterham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsfield, to the Village of Titfey, over Botley Hilly Wormflitath, and Walsingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godfioney in the County of Surrey:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from Lowes to Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex ::

An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, to Bojley, in the Count^ of Ghefiei'y and from Great Chell, to Shelton, in the said County of Stafford:

An Act for better regulating the Navigation of the River Treaty from Wilden Ferry, otherwise Cavendish Bridge, ini the County of Derby, to Gatnfborough, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Paul, ffiadwell, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act to enable the Bishop of Bristol to grant a Lease or Leases of a Close of Ground, commonly called The Bijhotfs Parky in the Parish of Saint AuguJlinCy otherwise called Saint Augustine the Lefsy within the City of Brifioly or the Suburbs thereof:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, and certain Commonable Places, in the Parish of Hallougkton, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, in Ratby, in the Parish of Ratby, and County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Waddington, in the County of the City of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Commonable Places^in the Parish of Saddington, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Common Pastures,' in the Parish of Scawby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, within the Manor or Lordship of Brampton, in the Parish of Longmarton, in the County of Westmoreland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Common,' or Tract of Ground, Parcel of Mendipy in the Parishes of Eafi Cranmore and West Cranmore, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Waste Ground, called Derby Hills, in the County of Derby, Parcel of the Manor of Castle Doningtony in the Counties of Leicester and Derby

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open ^nd Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Blackbourton, in the County of Oxford:

An Act to enable William Harwood, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Backwelly pursuant to the Will of William Backwelly deceased:

An Act to enable William Head, Esquire, a Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for Naturalizing Christian Gottlieb Schufter: 1 An Act for Naturalizing John Nicholas Jacquin:

An Act for Naturalizing John Julius Angerfiein.;

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open t VOL. 32.

and Common Fields* Lands, and Downs, within the Manor and Parish of Westwkll, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.*

Resolved, That the Bill db pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Downs, within the Manor and Parish of Westwelly in the County of Oxford.

Ordered That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

An ingrafted Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntrey Eight Hundredy or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in Hie Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for^ amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, \ptituled, An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntrey Eight Hundredy or Hcl~ land Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Wyvill Heath, in the Lordship of Wyvill cum Hungerton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House \ and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iR at the Clerk’s Table: Where thfc Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a SecGnd Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to tljem, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. Richard Cope Hopton, being examined, said, That the Road, from the Termination of the Turnpike Road, at/ the Church of Bishops Froome, in the County of Hereford, to the Ledbury Turnpike Road in Castle Froome, is much out of Repair, and cannot be rendered commodious by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, therein mentioned, and for amending several other Roads adjoining thereto, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending the Road, from the Termination of che Turnpike Road at Bishops Froome, in the County of Hereford, to the Ledbury Turnpike Road in Castle Froome.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of ain Act, made in the Thirty-first Year

of

Holland Fen Inclosure.

Wyvil

Heath

InclosurtT

Bromyard

Road.

Chepstow

Road',

Warrington

and

Wigan

Roads*

Co lb am Manor.

Caldicot’s

Estates.

Bromley's

WiU.

Ditto.

Caldicot's E Hates.

802 1 6* Martii.A. 1770.

of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road, from the for discharging certain Estates. from the., Uses and Trusts Village of Magor, to the fridge Foot, in the Town of thereof, created in and by an Act of Parliament; passed Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in the Counties of Monmouth and G/oueeJier, and for re- intituled, "An Act for charging the settled and unset-pairing and widening several other Roads adjoining to " tied Estates of Gilbert Caldidot, Esquire, with raising the said Roads, was read a Second Time. " Money to pay hisPebts and Incumbrances, and for

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan, " limiting his unsettled Estates, so charged, to the Uses Mr. Kynaston,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, " of his Marriage Settlement;" and for charging the at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.: said Estates to the several Ul'es and Trusts therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to . Re/, That the Bill be read a Second Time, whom the Bill to amend Two several Acts of Parliament, t:

for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road, leading The Lord prefen ted to the House, according Butteiton

from a Place called Earl’s Rill, in Warrington, in the to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening; turning, and I^or* County of Lancaster, to the Toll Bars jn Wallgate, in altering, the Roads from Butler ton Moor End, near Qn-

Wigan, in the said County, and for granting a further cott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three MileStorus Term for the more effectual repairing and widening the upon the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ash~ said Road, was committed; That the Committee bad borne, in the County of Derby, an^ffomB/ackton Moos, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road lead-fame to be true; and that, the Committee had gone ing from Buxton to Ashborne, near, IfezG/iavfn, in the through the Bill, and made: several Amendments there- County of Derby: And the same was received; and read unto; which they had directed him to report to the the First Time. . (

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secopd Time, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in < ' _-.V v- ...O

at the Qerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Sir George Sayile- reported from the Committee,'.to $«le Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Navigations by One; and, upon the Question severally putthere- Execution such Part of an Act, made in the Seventh Ye^ upon, were agreed to by the House. of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making nx^vi-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be gable the River Ouze, from at

ingrafted. or near to the Junction of the Rivers Swale and

Ure; and for making navigable, the said River Swale,

: A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell, and from the said junction, to Morton Bridge-, and, also the Mr. Montagu: Brook running from Bedale, into the River Swale, in the

Mr. Speaker, County of York, as relates to the said Navigation, from

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An the Junction of the said Rivers Swale and Ure, up the Act for enabling His Majesty to grant the Inheritance said River Swale, to Morton Bridge, and up the said in Fee Simple, of the Manor of Cofham, in the County Brook, to Bedalf aforesaid; and also of the several Per-

,of Wilts, with the] Rights, Members, and Appurte* fons who have advanced Money on th^ Credit of that nances thereof; now held under a Demise, by Letters Part of the said Navigation, whose Names are thereunto Patent under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Excho- subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had exa-quer, in Trust for Paul Mfthuen,; Esquire, unto the said mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed Paul Rlethuen and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the Consideration to be, paid for the same; without any House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-Amendment: And also, wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

The Lords have passed a {till, intituled, An Act for same was read; and is as followeth; viz. discharging certain Estates from the Uses and Trusts To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the thereof, created in and by an Act of Parliament, passed said Act was read: And,

in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, Mr. John Smith, the Engineer acting under the said intituled, "An Act for charging the settled and unset- Commissioners, laid. That many Works have been done,

" tied Estates of Gilbert Caldicot, Esquire, with railing on that Part of the said Navigation; and he then pro Money, to pay his Debts and Incumbrances, and for duced an Estimate of the Works that are still. wanting " limiting his unsettled Estates, so charged, to the Uies to complete the same, amounting to £. 25,000.

of his Marriage Settlement and for charging the George Crowe, Esquire, produced the Account? of laid Estates to the several Uses and Trusts therein men- the said Commissioners, stated the 30th of December last, tioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of by which it appeared, that £. 19,4.99 had been borrowed, this House: And also, and no more than £.281. 19. 5. remained then in the

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Treasurer’s Hands, impowering the Guardians, named in the Will of William And, being examined, he said, That this Money has ffhrockmorton Bromley, Esquire, deceased, to make Sale been expended, and a great Progress made in the Exe-of Timber, growing upon Part of his settled Estates, cution of the said Act; but that the Works are now at and for investing the Money thereby arising in the Pur- a.Stand for Want of Money, which the Commissioners chafe of Lands for the Benefit of his. Infant Children; are not able to procure, at Five per Centum, although to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this they have advertised for it, in the York Courant, Half House. a Year; And that he is of Opinion, no more Money,

And then the Messengers withdrew. will be procured, unless the said Navigation is put into

the Management of Proprietors.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act And both the Witnesses laid, That the said Act is,

for impowering the Guardians, named in the Will of in many Particulars, defective.

William Throckmorton Bromley, Esquire, deceased, to Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for.

make Sale of Timber, growing upon Part of his l'ottled completing the Navigation of the River Swale, from

Estates, and for investing the Money, thereby arising, in its Junction with the River Ure, to Morton Bridge, and the Purchase Ol Lands for the Benefit of his Infant Chil- of Bedale Brook, in the County of York, and for repeal-dren, was. read the First Time. ing Part of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. present Majesty’s Reign, relating the reto: And that Sir

George Savile and the Lord Bellafyfe, do prepare, and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act bring in, the fame.

21 ' v,

io Geo. Ill* 16° Mar. 803

Supply Bill t Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fof the House to Exchequer resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bl 5‘ the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1770, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Offices and Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Et&pWymems. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them-lelves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, That they do extend the Provisions of the said Bill to Ireland.

Ordered That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for allowing further Time for registering and inrolling Agreements entered into for inclosing Commons, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees for Timber or Underwood.

Nit. Stephens, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great jSre-

fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account An Account of what Money has been issued, by the presented; Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of Two Longitude. several Acts of Parliament passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and for the Improvement of the Lunar Tables constructed by Tobias late Professor at Goetingen,

or any Discovery or Improvement useful to Navigation; distinguishing the Times when, the Persons to whom, and the Occasions upon which, the said Sums were re-lpeftively paid.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Stafford Sir Joint Wrottesley presented to the House, according and to Order, a Bill to amend an Act made in the Sixth

_Worcester Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintain-avigatiou. ing a navigable Cut or Canal, from the River

between Bewdley and Titton Brook, in the County of IV treejber, to cross the River Trent, at or near Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the said River Trent, and the River; and for granting further

Powers for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Walworth Mr. Pent on presented to the House, according to Qr-lndofure. der, a Bill for dividing certain Commons or Wades in the Parish of St. Mary, Newington, commonly called Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and disposing of the same for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Anfeer

A *° r The Lord North reported to the House, that their for* Address of Yesterday, That His Majesty would be gra-Paper*. VoL. 32.

ciously pleased to give Directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty j and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, lead- Louth, he. ing from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln, Read*,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Which-cot, Mr. Grosvenor, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Farrer do, upon Tuesday Corn Trade; Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present State of the Corn Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Smith do* attend the said Committee at the same Time.

A Petition of George Walker \Esquire, Agent for the Barbados Island of Barbadoes, for and in the Behalf of the Inhabit- Harbour,

ants of the said Island, being offered- to be presented to the House 1

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recom-. mends it tq the Confederation, of the House.

Then the said Petition was, brought up, and read}

Setting forth. That; before the Inhabitants of the said lflarid had well recovered from the deplorable Situation to which they had been reduced by Two Fires in the Years 17.56 and 1758,- on the 14th Day of 1766, another lamentable Fire broke out in their principal Town, which laid in Ashes about 1000 Houses, Stores, and other Buildings, with large Quantities of Goods,

Wares, and Merchandizes"; and that, on the 27th Day of December in the same Year, a like melancholy Accident confirmed the most valuable Part of the Houses and Stores which had providentially escaped the Severity of the former Fires; that the Lpfs sustained by the People in general, by’ the Two last mentioned Conflagrations, is supposed to exceed Half a Million Sterling Money of Great Britain-, and that, although large Sums,

raised from the.Royal Bounty, and the charitable Contributions of.many worthy, Persons in Britain, and other'Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions; have been sent over, for the:Relief of the most indigent Sufferers, yet nlany of them remain still in the lowest State of Poverty, and are unable to comply with the common and neceflkry Taxes of their Country; and that, besides the dismal Consequences of a t,ofs so severely felt by the Inhabitants of the said Island, they have another Misfortune, which they share In common with every Part of the Briti/k> Dominions that are connected wish them in Commerce;, the Channel to their Wharfs and Landing Places being at prefer so choked up by the Filth that has,

been many Years gathering about their Mole Head, that the smallest Crafty w^en loaded, cap hardly find a Passage; that, without a speedy Remedy to this Evil, their Trade with Fur ope, as well as Africa and America, must be inevitably obftpjfted; and that the Inhabitant* of the said Island, having ffen that the Progress of the late Fires was in a great Measure occasioned by the Irregularity of their. Buildings, have, already passed an Act, for Rebuilding their Town upon a safer and better Plan, which has been carried into Execution, so far as relates to the Purchase of private Property for wider Streets and other Openings, but not without a very great Expence to the Community j and have likewise had in Contemplation a, Means ~tQj deanfe their Channel, and give freer Acceis to Trade, and, with the Assistance of an abk Engineer, have determined upon a Method, which, they conceive, will effectually-answer their Purpose; but thb' impoverished State of thfir Finances, and the Incapacity of the People to Bear the Burthen of heavy Taxes,

9 T A*ve

804

i 6° Martii.

A. 1770.

Trials

of

Coirroverted

Elections.

have hitherto difcCuraged them from entering upon the Works; in as much, therefore, as the Inhabitants of the said Island, in the Execution of the Plan for Re* building their Town, have necessarily exhausted their Treasury, and are rendered incapable of providing for the Expences of cleansing their Channels and repairing their Mole, a Work not merely of local Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Island, but of the most extensive Utility to the Mother Country, and all Parts of the Dominions whose Manufactures they consume; and in as much likewise as the melancholy Circumstances of the People will not admit of any additional Import, and they are entirely without the Hopes of Assistance but from the Success of the Petition, the Petitioner has presumed to lay their same before this House, who have been always attentive to the Distressles of their Fellow Subjects in the most remote Parts of their Sovereign’s Dominions: And therefore praying the Pfoufe, to take the'Premises into Confederation, and to grant such Assistance and Relief to the Inhabitants of the said Island, as to them shall seem meet. ' ’ 1

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee <of the whole House, to Whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Bill to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament! was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to t Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Papers The Lord North, presented to the House, pursuant

prerented; to their Address to His Majesty,;

SESS Copy of Address; Remonstrance, and Petition, of London, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Livery, of the City Ac. of London,- presented to the King Aforri 14th 1770: And also,

' Copy of His Majesty’s Answer.

' And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

The said Copies are as followeth; viz.

To the KING’S Most Excellent Majesty.

The humble Address, Remonstrance, and Petition, of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Livery, of the City of London, in Common Hall assembled.

May itpleafe Your Majesty,

We have already in our Petition dutifully represented to Your Majesty, the chief Injuries we have sustained. We are unwilling to believe that Your Majesty can flight the Defines of Your People, or be regard less of their Affection, and deaf to their Complaints: Yet their Complaints remaih unanswered; their Injuries are confirmed; and the only Judge removable at the Pleasure of the Crown, has been dismissed from his high Office, for defending In Parliament" the Law and the Constitution. ",

We therefore Venture once more to address ourselves to Your Majesty, as to the Father of Your People; as to Him who must be both ablt; and willing to redress our Grievance^: And we repeat our Application with , the greater Propriety, because we fee the Instruments of

our Wrongs, who have carried into Execution the Measures of which We complain, more particularly distinguished by Your Majesty’s. Royal Bounty and Favour. ’ ‘" ’ , "

Under the same secret and malign Influence, which through each successlve Administration has defeated every' good,' and suggested every bad Intention, tlfe Majority of the' House of Commons have. deprived V our People of their dearest Rights.

K8 i:

They have done a Deed more ruinous in its Consequences, than the levying of Ship-money by Charles the First, or the Dispensing Power assumed by James the Second: A Deed which must vitiate all the future Proceedings of this Parliament; for the Acts of the Legislature itself can no more be valid without a legal House of Commons, than without a legal Prince upon the Throne.

Represen cat ives of the People are essential to the making of Laws; and there is a Time when it is morally demonstrable that Men cease to be Representatives: That Time is now arrived: The present House of Commons do not represent the People.

We owe to Your Majesty an Obedience, under the Restrictions of the Laws, for the Calling and Duration of Parliaments: And Your Majesty owes to us that our Representation, free from the Force of Arms or Corruption, should be preserved to us in Parliament. It was for this we successfully struggled under James the Second j for this we seated and have faithfully supported Your Majesty’s Family on the Throne. The People have been invariably uniform in their Object, though the different Mode of Attack has called for a different Defence.

Under James the Second they complained, that the Sitting of Parliament was interrupted, because it was not corruptly subservient to His Designst We complain now, that the Sitting of this Parliament is not interrupted* because it is corruptly subservient to the Designs of Your Majesty’s Ministers. Had the Parliament under James the Seo>nd been as submissive to his Commands, as the Parliament is at this Day to the Dictates of a Minister, instead of Clamours for its Meeting, the Nation would have rung, as now, with Outcries for its Dissolution. /

The Forms of the'Constitution, like those of Religion, were not establishedfor the Form’s Sake; but for the Substance: And we call God and Men to witness, that, as we do not owe our Liberty to those pice and subtle Distioftions, which Places and Pensions, and lucrative Employments have invented; so neither will we be deprived of it by them: But as it was gained by the stem Virtue of our Ancestors, by the Virtue of their Descendants it shall be preserved. , *

Since therefore, the Misdeeds of Your Majesty’s Ministers, in violating the Freedom of Election, and depraving the noble Constitution of Parliaments, are notorious, as well as subversive of the fundamental Laws and Liberties of this Realm; and (ince Your Majesty, both in Honour and Justice, is obliged inviolably to preserve them, accofdfug to the Oath made to God and Your Subjects at Your Coronation, We, Your Majesty’s Remonstrants, afiure ourselves, that Your Majesty will restore the constitutional Government and Quiet of Your People, by dissolving this Parliament, and removing those evil Ministers for ever from Your Councils.

Signed by Order, James Hodges.

Copy of His MAJESTY’S Answer.

I shall always be ready to receive the Requests, and to fiften to the Complaints of my Subjects: but it gives Me great Concern to fiqd, that any of them should have been so far mifled, as to offer Me an Address and Remonstrance, the Contents of which I cannot but consider as disrespectful to Me, injurious to My Parliament, and irreconcileable to the Principles of the Constitution.

I have ever made the Law of the Land the Rule of My Chnduft, esteeming it My chief Glory to reign over a free People: With this View I have always been careful, as well to execute faithfully the Trust reposed in Me, as to avoid even the Appearance of invading any of those Powers which the Constitution has placed in other Hands. It is only by perfevefing in such a Conduct, that I can cither discharge My own Doty, or secure to My Subjects the free Enjoyrfient of those Rights which My Family were called to defend; and while I ’ aft

Supply.

Ways and Means.

St. James Westminster Paving.

Watchett

Harbour.

Sutton, Ice. Roads.

10 Geo. III.

i6° — 19* Martii.

ad upon theft Principles, 1 shall have a Right to expect, and I am confident I shall continue to receive, the steady and affectionate Support of My People.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Confide* ration upoti Monday Morning next.

Tfye House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Cherries Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Curzcn have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Tuesday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing several Acts, passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint fames, and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish, upon Monday Morning next, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

Ordered, That the said Order be dischargjed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunay 19*;

Anno 1 o° Georgii III*" Regis, 1770. Prayers.

ABI LL for further continuing the Duties granted and continued by several Acts, made in the Sixth and Tentlfe&ars of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Harbour and Quay of in the County of Smerfet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tyntc, Lord Thomotid, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cocks reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the Vol. 32.

805

County of Surrey, through the Borough of by

Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton atorefiud, through Cheam, and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Peble Hill, in the said County; and for impowering the Trustees appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Pirft, for repairing several Roods in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex. to make a Yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the said Act or the Twenty-eighth of George the Second } and for taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, and putting them under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for repairing the Road from Povey Cross, in the County of Suney, to the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and and also tho

Road from Woodhatch to Peteridge Lane, in the County of Surrey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for- amending the Road from the Stones End, Southwark, to Highgate, in the Parish of East Grinfted, in the County of and from King-

ston to Burton Common, and several Lanes therein mentioned, in the County of , and also of several Inhabitants residing near, and ufoally travelling the said Roads, was referred j That the Committee had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Dunsforth Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Inclosure. Uninclosed Grounds, within the Townftrip or Territories of Upper Dunsforth and Branton, in the county of ; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Turner,

Mr. LafceBes,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Turner do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- nc 0 ure' doling a Parcel of Open Ground, in the Township of Earfwick, in the County of York, was committed. (

Mr. Turner accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Three Persons, who are altogether possessed of Three-fourths of a House, who refused to content, but said, they would not oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, On« by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Swale

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Lascelles be added to the Navigation. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare* and bring in,

a Bill

8o6 190 Martii. A. 1770/

a Bill for completing the Navigation of the River Szvale, except the Owners of Three Houses or Frontsteads, who from its Junction with the River Ure, to Morton Bridge, were against the Inclosure; and that the whole Number

and of Bedale Brook, in the County of York, and for of Houses or Frontsteads having Right of Common upon

rqiealing Part of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Land to be inclosed, are 79); and that no Person ap-His present Majesty’s Reign, relating thereto. peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Brllerby An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Two made several Amendments thereunto; which they had

lndusure. comfnon Stinted Pastures, and a certain Moor or Com- directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re-

mon within the Manor of Bellerby, in the North Riding port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with of the County of York, was read the Third Time. the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing an Appeal to the Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Quarter Sessions. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third ingrossed.

Time; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed

to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way An ingrossTed Bill for dividing and inclosing of Ryder. - Heath, in the Lord ship of IVyvill cum in the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time, be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Two Common Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Stinted Failures, and a certain Moor or Common with- be, An Act for dividing and inclosing IVyvill Heath, in in the Manor of Bellerby, in the North Riding of the the Lordshipof IVyvill cum Hunger ton, in the County of County of York. Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinfoit do carry the Bill to Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Essex A Bill for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County County GaoL of Essex, was read a Second Time.

y Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Maynard, Mr. Rebow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sherbum Mr. Hazvke reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, and the Common Meadows, Paftufe Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Lennerton, Barkston Ash,

Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same . to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conl'ent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Thirty-four and One-third Houses, or Frontsteads, and of Estates to the yearly Value, as rated to the Land Tax, of f. 267. $s. who, on being applied to, expressed themselves agreeable to the Inclosure, but would not sign; and also except the Proprietors of Fifteen and One-third Houses, or Frontsteads, and of Estates to the annual Value of 145. according to the aforesaid Rate; who, on being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Houses or Frontsteads are 24J, and the whole annual Value of the Estates, as rated to the Land Tax, is £. 3,099. 7.s. 6d.);and that no Person appeared before the Committeeto oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

inclosureD L°rd John Cavendifhreported from the Committee, to

nc o ure. wjjom tijC Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Open Ground, called Dnmington Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-. cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Three Houses or Frontsteads, who refused to sign the Bill, but declarod themselves agreeable to the Inclosure; and also

Mr. Curzon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing several Acts, palfed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of and Parts

adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lozvndes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures. and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buds, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeut to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the' Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Dr. Burrell do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill to enable, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown’from William Pye, for which they are Sureties; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

A Bill for amending and widening several Roads, leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Aflley, Sir Edward Bayntun, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, and from the South End of the Ferry Street, in,

to

W.vill

Heath

Inclosure.

St. George Hoover Square Paving.

Stoke

Goldingtwi

Inclosure.

Pye’s Debt to the Crown.

Stoke

Roads.

Brandon To Bury St. Edinjnd’s Roads.

io Geo. III.

190 Ma

80 7

Warrington

and

Wigan

Road*

Bur ford ire. Roads.

4t. Clement Danes

Nightly

Waich.

to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County of Suffolk, Jt^he Second, foriihpfoving the Navigation of the

was read a Second Time. " ~ r.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rous, Sir Edward AJUey, he.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ChaAber.

An ingrafted Bill to amend Two several Acts of Parliament, for repairing, widening, and amending the Road

leading from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington,

in the County of Lancaster, to the Toll Bars in Wall-

gate, in Wigan, in the said County, and for granting

a further Term for the more effectual repairing and widening the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to enlarge the Term contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, and to grant a further Term and Powers for the more effectual repaiiing, widening, and

amending, the Road from a Place called Earl’s Kill, in

Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, both in the County of Laycaster.

Ordered, That Sir Henry HogJiton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Burford, in the County of Oxford, through Ship ton, Chipping Horton, and Bloxham, to the Borough of Banbury, in the said County: and from 'Burfordaforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading

to Stozve, in the County of Gloucester, at the End of Fofs

Lane, at the Bottom of Stowe Hill; and from Swerford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, through Deddington, to tly? Turnpike Road in the Town of Aynho, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wenman,

Mr. Burke, he.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Humphreys Ram, Esquire, Proprietor

of all the Houses in New BofwelBCourt, in the Parish

of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westmitffler,

and County of Middlesex, and of the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses in the said Court, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, thac a Bill has been brought in, to explain, amend, and render more effectual. An Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex: and that the said Act makes Provision for establishing a regular and nightly Watch for the said Parish, which was extended to the Houses of the Petitioners in the said Court notwithstanding that the Gates belonging to the said Court are, and constantly have been, kept shut every Night; and the Petitioners at their own Expence, provide and pay for a Watch for the Safety and Protection of the Houses in the said Court: And therefore praying the House,

That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for exempting the Inhabitants of the said Court from contributing to the said Rate: And that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, in Support of such Exemption.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time/

Dr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom Bhckh<jath, the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, _ ,*£.

an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign. e intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley, and Beckenham, of Rokesley, otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Leffness, in the County of Kent, and One other Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true a and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madd several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout -, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to empower the Justices of the Exeter Peace for the County of Devon, to apply a Sum -of High Street. Money, out of the County Stock, for the opening, making, and maintaining, a convenient and commodious Highway, from the High Street, in the City of Exeter, to the Castle of Exeter, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon to apply a Sum, of Money, out of the County Stock, for the opening, making, and maintaining, a convenient and commodious Highway, from the High Street, in the City of Exeter, to the Castle of Exeter.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bottesford

Inclosure,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bottesford, including the Hamlets of Easthorpe and Nmmanton, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bottesford, including the Hamlets of Easthorpe and Normanton, in the County of

Ordered, That Colonel St. Leger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Edward Lascelles presented to the House, accord- Swale ing to Order, a Bill for completing the Navigation of the Navigation. River Swale, from its Junction with the River Ure to Morton Bridge, znd of Bedale Brook, in the County of York, and for repealing Part of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, relating the reto:

And the same was received: and read the Frrft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Amendment of the Law relating to Franchises and cl a t*nsg to Admissions into Corporations and Boroughs: And that Corporations, Mr. Serjeant Glynn and Mr. Mackworth do prepare, and &c. bring in, the fame*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Clyde Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac- Pechell .*

Navigation, cording to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act Mr. Speaker,

made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Benniworth Vol. 32. 9 U for Inclosure.

808 190 Martiu 1770.

for dividing and intlofing certain Open and Commbn Fieldsand Grounds, within the Parish of Benny worth, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also, Duke of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Kingston'* veiling a certain Messuage or Tenement, with the Ap-Estate*. purtenances, in Arlington Street, in the County of Middle f ex, Part of the settled Estate of the Moll noble Evelyn Duke of Kingston, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trull for the said Duke, and for settling other Estates of the said Duke to the same Uses as the said Messuage and Premises now Hand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for veiling a certain Messuage or Tenement, with the Appurtenances, in Arlington , in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of the Moll noble Evelyn Duke of Kingston, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trull for the said Duke, and for settling other Estates of the said Duke go the same Uses as the said Messuage and Premises now Hand limited, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true.; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quellioa severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added tu the Bill, For exempting Writings from Stamp Duties.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

p

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- CoumyGaoL mittee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex, is committed.

Kn*F»rest>Ugh Bill for disafforesting the Forest of in

Iaclosure. the Coyuty of York, and for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the said Forest, which lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hoghton, Lord Strange, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kjnn’sLynn, Sir Edward AJlley reported from the Committee, to Road.* whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Ro^ds from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of Gey ton and , and to the Gate

next Hillington, on Congham , and to the North

End of Babingley Lane, in the County of , was

> committed; That the Committee had examined the

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ~ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ockbrook Mr. Cavendish presented to the House, according to

Indofurt. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pasture, and all other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ockbrook, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

h f0"6 Mr. Tudway reported from the Committee, to whom Watcl &c. Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways, and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for making more effectual Provisions for those Purposes, so far as the same relates to the cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Also

Littleport,

A Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed ®,oa‘k* in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond's Eau and Somersham Bridge, and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge, to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road, near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth to in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Sums of Money have been expended irr obtaining the said Act, and in making and repairing the said Roads, and very large Sums of.

Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and expended for the Purposes aforesaid, which Hill remain unpaid; and that a Bill is depending, to extend the Provisions in Two Acts, passed in the Third and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to , and to the Bank of the Hundred Foot and other

Roads therein mentioned, to the Road from Gibbet Hill to Earith, and from the House of George to the

Hopfe of Love Owen, and for making other Provision for repairing the said Road from Ely to Littleport, and to the Bank of The Hundred Foot River, and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from' Littleport - to Chequer Corner, in Downham, in the Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk; and that the Petitioners are informed, that Power will be thereby given to raise the Causey between the Town of Earith and the Bridge called . Earith High Bridge, over The Hundred Foot River, or to erect Bridges over the said Causey, which is the only Out-' let for the Waters running down the River Ouze, from the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, and , through

Part of the County of Cambridge, to Lynn’, by which Means the PalFage of the said Waters will be greatly impeded and raised, and the said Road from Saint Ives to

Earith will in many Places be damaged thereby; and that the Petitioners are also informed, that it is intended to set a Toll Bar or Gate in the said Town of Earith, though they cannot repair the Road to the said Towti, to make it passable in Floods, without raising the said Causey or erecting such Bridges as aforesaid, which would render all the Lands, Meadows, and Commons, near the River Ouze, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, of little or no Value; which Toll Bar, or Gate, the Petitioners apprehend, is intended only to take in all the Country travelling from Haddenham, IVillingham, Long-stanton, and Cottenham, and other Towns in that Neigh- bburtfbod, to Ear it k, whocannot have any Benefit of the . said intended Road: And therefore praying. That a / Clause may-bo inferred in: the said intended Act, that no

Toll

St. Andrew, Holborn Workhouse.

Saffron Hill Workhouse.

Marton

Joclofere.

io Geo. III. 19* Martii. 809

Toll Bar, or Gate, shall be set in the said Parish of and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon. One Earith, or within Half a Mile on the North Side of the of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to* said High Bridge in Earith aforesaid; and that the said by the House.

intended Trustees shall be restrained from raising the said A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For Causey, and erected Bridges over the fame, or that the exempting Mr. Darwin from the Expence of imbanking, said intended Road may not extend any further than the without his Consent.

Bank on the North Side of the said Bridge, and exclusive And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the thereof j and that the Petitioners may have Liberty to Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be be heard, by their Counsel. made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- And an Amendment was made by the House to the sideration of the Committee, to whotn the said Bill is Bill.

committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Orde, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said ingrossed.

Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- The House was moved. That the Order made upon St. mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Friday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repeal- Westminster#

same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the ing several Adtspaffed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, Paving,

said Petition. the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of , and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate

Mr. William Burke reported from the Committee, to to the Parish of , and for better paving,

whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of Saint yin- cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and

drew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase a other Places, within the said Parish, upon Thursday

Workhouse, was committed; That the Committee had Morning next, might be read, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme And the said Order being read accordingly; to be true; and that the Committee had gone through OrdThat the said Order be discharged. the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; -Order That the said Bill be read a Second Time,

which they had directed him to report to the House; upon ThuSevcnnight, the 29th Day of this Instant

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards March. delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is con- St. Neett read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by cerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Com-were agreed to by the House. monable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Saint

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Neots, in the county of ; which Bill was, ingrossed. upon the 5th Day of this Instant A read a Second

Time, and committed;

Mr. William Burke reported from the Committee, to The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-whom the Bill for building a Workhouse, for the Liberty quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Pa- informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Con-rish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middle- sent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that sex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the House may do therein as they shall think fit. the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

true: and that the Committee had gone through the Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is Ufebura Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. they had dire died him to report to the House; and he Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Town-read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ship and Parish of Great in the West Riding of

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s the County of York; which Bill was, upon Monday last,

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read read a Second Time, and committed; throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; The Lord , by His Majesty’s Command, ac-

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been in-agreed to by the House. formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the ingrossed. House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Meadows, Pasture Leys, and Stinted Common Pastures, was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to in the Township and Parish of Marton, in the County His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as follow-their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfedlion of the Com- eth;

mittee (except Thomas Charlton, whose Land in the said Rej That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Township is of the yearly Value of £. 5, who did not That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be

sign the Bill, but who was agreeable to the Inclosure; and granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to assist the

also except John Furness, whose Land is of the yearly Va- Inhabitants of the Island of Barbadoes, in defraying the Ex-

luc of £. 11, who, on being applied to, refuted to give pence of cleansing the Channel, repairing the Mole, and

any Answer; and that the Whole of the Lands to be in- rendering the Harbour there more safe and commodious.

closed are of the Yearly Value of £. 300, or thereabouts); The laid Resolution, being read a^Second Time, was,

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone House.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- '

unto; which they had directed him to report to the Sir according to Order, reported Supply BilTj

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- from, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Exih1e.qU€r wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or ‘ Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1770, was throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; committed; the Amendments which the Committee had

V01. 3a. made

Exports to American Colonies.

Resolutions

respecting

the

Remonstrance of the City of London.

b* ‘

810

made to the feill; and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Otdered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll’ed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intit.uled. An Act for granting certain Duties in the Colo-

nies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, as lays Duties upon Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great , imported into

any of His Majesty’s Colonies in;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Copy of Address, Remonstrance, and Petition, of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Livery, of the City of London, presented to the King March 14 1770: And also. Copy of His Majesty’s Answer;

The House proceeded to take the same into Consideration.

And the said Copies were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That, to deny the Legality of the present Parliament, and to assert that the Proceedings thereof are not valid, is highly unwarrantable, and has a manifest Tendency to disturb the Peace of the Kingdom, by withdrawing His Majesty’s Subjects from their Obedience to the Laws of the Realm;

And a Motion being made. That the previous Question be put, That that Question be now put;

The House was moved, That an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the Twenty-sixth Day of February 1701, of the 4th Resolution which was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, of the House of Commons, and which was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the previous Question being put. That the said proposed Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|SnJohTlf'nliiJIy: 1l84-

Tellers for the.Noes,| } "7-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the mair*Question being put;

Resolved, That, to deny the Legality of the present Parliament, and to afiert that the Proceedings thereof are not valid, is highly unwarrantable, and has a manifest Tendency to disturb the Peace of the Kingdom, by withdrawing His Majesty’s Subjects from their Obedience to the Laws of the Realm.

A. 1770.

Resolved, That, to convey to the Crown, under Colour and Pretence of Petitioning, such an unwarrantable and dangerous Postion, is a grois Abuse of the Right of the Subjects to petition the King.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to express the extreme Concern and Indignation which we feel, at finding that an Application has been made to His Majesty in Terms lb little corresponding with that grateful and aflfeftionate Respect which His Majesty is so justly entitled to from all His Subjects; at the same Time aspersing and calumniating die Parliament, and denying its Legality, and the Validity of the Acts of the Legislature.

To allure His Majesty, that, as we are duly sensible of the Value and Importance of the-Right of the Sub. jests to petition the King, it is with the deepest Concern that we now fee the Exercise of it so grossly perverted, by being applied to the Purpose, not of preserving, but overturning, the Constitution, and of propagating Doctrines, which, if generally adopted, must be fatal to the Peace of the Kingdom, and which tend to the Subversion of all lawful Authority.

To acknowledge with Gratitude, that His Majesty has ever shewn the most tender Regard to the Rights of His People, not only in the Exercise of His own Power, but in His Care to preserve, from every Degree of Infringement or Violation, the Powers intruded to others; and to return His Majesty our unfeigned Thanks, for the fresh Proof He has now given us of His Determination to persevere in His Adherence to the Principles of the Constitution.

To express the Satisfaction it gives us, to fee His Majesty placing so just a Confidence in His People.

To represent to His Majesty, that, in whatever unjustifiable Excesses some misguided Persons may have been seduced to join, His Majesty’s Subjects in general are too sensible of what they owe, both to His Majesty and to His illustrious Family, ever to be capable of approaching His Majesty with any other Sentiments than those of the most entire Respect and Affection; and understand too well their own true Interest, to wifti to loosen the Bands of Obedience to the Laws, and of due Subordination to lawful Authority; and that we are fully persuaded, that His Majesty’s People, as well as His Parliament, will reject with Disdain every insidious Suggestion of those ill-designing Men, who are in Reality undermining the Public Liberty under the specious Pretence of Zeal for its Preservation; and that His Majesty’s Attention to maintain the Liberties of His Subjects unviolated, which His. Majesty esteems His chief Glory, will, upon every Occasion, prove the sure Means of Strength to His Majesty, and secure to Him that zealous and effectual Support, which none but a free People can bellow.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And the House having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Two of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned till this Morning, Twelve of the Clock; and that no Public Business do intervene.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Martis,

190 Mar tit.

Addrtfs

the lame.

Supply.

Way* and Mean*.

Brandon

Bridge

to

Barton

Road.

Norwich

to

Matteftfall,

&c.

Roads*

New

Chappell,

&c.

Road*

Birmingham

through

Rlmdon

Road.

Navenby

Inclosure.

Uppingham

lucloiurc.

Winterton

Inclosure.

Robin Ton’s Estates.

Worhlop,

Sec,

Roads.

CftWicot*! E dates.

iO Geo. III. 20® Martii. 811

Martisy 20* die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii III"f Regis, 1770. Prayers.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road, from the Bridge on the Old River at Barton, to Brandon in the County of

Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road, from Saint Benedict Gate, in the County of the City of to

Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk; and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the Bounds of Yax-ham, and also a Lane, called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chapped, in the County of Storey, over Copthorn, in the County of through Lineffeld,

to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Best Hills, in the said County of Sussex ;without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlaige the Term and Powers of an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from , in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Navenby, in the County of Lincoln without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Common Fields, in the Parish of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland* without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Winterton, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to empower the Trustees named in the Settlement of Sir George Robinson, Baronet, and Dame Dorothea his Wife, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of the settled Estates in or near Tower Hill, within the Liberty of the Tower of London, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Lord George Sutton do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Worksop, to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Hill, to the great Northern Road at South in the County of Nottingham, was committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging certain Estates from the Uses and Trulls thereof, created in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for charging the settled and un» settled Estates of Gilbert CaTdicot, Esquire, with raising Money to pay his Debts and Incumbrances, and " for limiting his unsettled Estates so charged to the . Vol. 3*.

Uses of his Marriage Settlement and for charging the said Estates to the several Uses and Trulls therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Am-cotts, Mr. Adam, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Guardians named in the Will of "* William Throckmorton Bromley, Esquire, deceased, to make Sale of Timber growing upon Part of his settled Estates, and for investing the Money thereby arising in the Purchase of Lands for the Benefit of his Infant Children, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-wit A, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Tamworth mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening Roads, several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and , is committed.

Lord George Sutton, according to 'Order, reported Workfotf from the Committee, to- whom the Bill for repairing *c. and widening the Road, from Worksop, to the Turn- ^oa^* pike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill, to the great Northern Road at South Mu/kham, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the AUegrtions of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House;' and he read the Report in his.

Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Re* port was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee^ Bon me to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering meve ef~ Drainage feftual, an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Botioti Haven and Bourne, in the Parts of Keff-even and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and for improving the Navigation through the said Lands, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Reverend John Shaw, Doctor of Laws, Rector and Patron of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Wiberton, of Thomas Birtwhistle, the Rector and Patron of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Skirbcck and Skirbeck Quarter, and of John Trnnard, Gentleman, Impropriator of the Rectorial Tithes of Frampton, was referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners by their Coun-fel; and bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands taxed at per Annum, who were called

upon, but were not at Home; and except the Proprietors of Lands taxed at £. 136. Annum, whole Places of Abode were not known, or who lived at so great a Distance that they could not be applied to; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands taxed at per Annum, who refused to lign the > and that the whole annual Tax amounts to £. 1644); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report

9 X in

8ri ao* Martii. 177OJ

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then* a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Que-ftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in*

grofled.

Glasgow A Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or to Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries, in the Monklands parjfhcs of OH and New to the City of

p Glasgow, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to l^ord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Edm See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

Souldrop An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain laclosure. Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and ' Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Soul-

drop, in the County of was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in

« ' the County of Bedford. t Ordered, That Mr. Ongley do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

Sutton, \ An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term granted by *c- an Aof the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Roads. Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of gate, by Sidlow Mill, to and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheabi, and ove( Howell Hill, to dnd ilfothe Road from by the Windmill, to

the Bottom of Peble Hill, in the said County; and for iTrtpowering the Trustees appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and Buffett, to make a yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the fata Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for taking certain Roads out of the - ‘ " Power of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the ’* Tenth cif George the First, and putting them under the JOireftion of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for re* pairing the Road from Povey Cross, in the County of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Sujfetc; and also the Road from to

Lane, in the County of Surrey; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act of the Twenty-eighth Yedr of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Oofs, and from Sutton aforesaid , throughL Cktam, and over Howell ,to Ewell, and jalfb the Road from Tadw, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Peble Hill, in the said County; and for im-poWering the Trustees appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing Several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and ‘Sujfett, so make a yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for taking certain Roads out of the Tower of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, and putting them under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for re* pairing the Road from Povey Cross, in the County of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Suffix; and also the Read from to Peteridge

Lane, in the County of Surrey.

X4

Ordered, That Mr. Cocks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Spe^ker„acquainted the House, That the Clerk Corn Trade, of this House had received several Returns to the Order of the House, of the Sixth Day of this Instant March, " That the Clerks of the Peace of the several *? CofcntieS in Engldh^wjiefeifr Foreign Coro may be " imported, do forthwith transmit to the Clerki of JnJfc " House, an Account of the Prices of Wheat, Barley,

(<r Mali, BtoCk Wheat, Mafltn, Rye, Bigg, Oats, JP^as,

" and Beans, as they were presented by the Graad " Juries of the said Counties, at the jttft General Quar-'

" ter Sessions and that the find Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns be. referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to consider further of tfre present State of the Corn Trade.

The said Returns are preserved agiongst the other Papers of this Seffipq.

A Bill for dividing certain Commons or Wastes in the Parish of St. Mary, Newington, commonly called *n‘-loAir& Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and disposing of the fame, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-tony Mr. Montagu, Sec.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Cloqk, in the Speaker's Chamber. -; ‘ *

A Bill to amend an Act made in the 'Sixth Year of Stafford His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a. and

Navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Severn, be- Worcester tween Bewdleyand fitton Brook, in the County of War- ^'S14100*

cester, to cross the River Trent, at or near *'

Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made tfbtween the said River' Trent and the River Mersey, and for granting further Powers for that Purpose, was read a Second Timel

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Egerton, See.: And they are to meet1 this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Land to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, C°N^n<a* upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act ’ made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for tlife Service of the Year 1769; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1770, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. ’

V

.An ingrafted Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Supply B*U; by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year £xd»eqii« 1770, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Yeat >770.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whit worth do carry the- Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The

to Ge6^ III. . so0 M, .8i J

Afidref* The Order of the Day being fead, for refunding the ^Remjnftrancif adjourned Debate upon the Motion made Yesterday, of the City of That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, London, to express the extreme Concern and Indignation which we feel, at finding that an Application has been made to His Majesty, in Terms so little corresponding with that grateful and affectionate Respect which His Majesty is so justly intitled to from all His Subjects; at the fairie Time aspersing and calumniating the Parliament, and denying its Legality, and the Validity of the Acts of the Legislature.

To assure His Majesty, that, as we are duly sensible of the Value and Importance of the Right of the Subjects to petition the King, it; is with the deepest Concern that we now fee the Exercise of it so grossly perverted, by being applied to the Purpose, not of preserv-ing, but overturning, the Constitution, and of propagating Doctrines, which, if generally adopted, must be fatal to the Peace of the Kingdom, and which tend to the SGbversion of all lawful Authority.

To acknowledge with Gratitude, that His Majesty has ever shewn the most tender Regard to the Rights of His People, not only in the Exercise of His own Power, but in His Care to preserve, from every Degree of Infringement or Violation, the Powers intruded to others j and to return His Majesty our unfejgped Thanks, for the fresh Proof He has now given us of His Determination to persevere in His Adherence to the Principles of thcCon-stitution.

To express the Satisfaction it gives us, to fee His Majesty placing so just a Confidence in His People.

To represent to His Majesty, that, in whatever unjustifiable Excesses some misguided Persons may. have been leduced to join, His Majesty’s Subjects in general are too sensible of what they owe, both to His Majesty and to His Illustrious Family, ever to be capable of approaching His Majesty with any other Sentiments than those of the most entire Respect and Affection j land underftaiid too well their owh true Interest, to wish to laofen the Bands of Obedience to the Laws, and of due Subordination to lawful Authority; and that we are fully persuaded, that His Majesty’s People, as well as His Parliament, will reject with Disdain every iri-fidious Suggestion of those ill-designing Men, who are in Reality undermining the public Liberty under the specious Pretence of Zeal for its Preservation; and that His Majesty’s Attention to maintain the Liberties of His Subjects unviolated, which His Majesty esteems His chief Glory, will, upon every Occasion, prove the lure Means of Strength to His Majesty, and secure to Him that zealous and effectual Support, which none but a free People can bestow.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Chambers, the Court of Requests and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned:

The House returned the said adjourned Debate.

And the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the -King’s Proclamation, dated the nth Day of 1701, for dissolving the then Parliament, and declaring the calling another, was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being -put, That the House do now adjourn j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for «,e To. J '} 94-

: Tellers Cor the Noes, } *♦»

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to express the extreme Concern and Indignation which we feel, at finding that an Application

Vox.. 32,

has been made to His Majesty, in Temp so little cor-Tesponding with that grateful and affectionate Respect which His Majesty is so justly intitled to from all His Subjects; at the same Titpe aspersing and calumniating the Parliament, and denying its Legality, and the Validity of the Acts of the Legiljytqre.

To assure His Majesty, that, sp we are duly sensibly of the Value and Importance. of the Right of the Subr jests to petition thy King, it is with the deepest Concern that we now fee the Exercise of it fp grossly perverted, by being appliqd to the Purpose, pot of preferring, but overturning, the Copstitution, and of propagating doctrines, which, if generally adopted, must be fatal to the Peace of the Kingdom, and which tend to the Subvert lion of all lawful Authority.

To acknowledge with Gratitude, that; His Mjycfty bqe ever shewn the most fender Regard to the Rights of Hi?

People, not only in the Exercise of H’i9 own Power, but in his Care to preserve, from every Degree of fq-iringement or Violation, the Powers intruded to others j and to return His Majesty opr unfeigned Than^ fqr the fresh Proof He Iras now given us of His Detecnp-nation to persevere in His Adherence to the Principles of the Constitution,

To express the Satisfaction it gives us, to fee His.

. Majesty placing so just a Confidence in His People.

To represent to His Majesty, tfiat, in whatever qft-justifiablp Excesses some misguided Persons tqay have been seduced to join. His Majesty’s Subjects in general are too sensible of what they owe, both to His Majesty and to His Illustrious Family, ever to be be capable, of approaching His Majesty with any other Seathqenfs than those of the most entire Respect and ftflcpction j understand too well their own true Interest, to wish to loosen tfiq Bands of Obedience tq the Laws, and of due Subordination to lawful Authority} and that we are fully persuaded, that His Majesty s People, as well as His Parliament, will reject with Disdain every insidious Suggestion of those ill-designing Men, who are in Reality undermining the public Liberty under the specious Pretence of Zeal for its Preservation j and that H is Majesty’s Attention t» maintain the Liberties of His Subjects'-unviolated, which Hfe Majesty fefteems His chief Glory, will, upon every Occasion, prove the sure Means of Strength to His Majesty, and secure to Him that zealous and effectual Support, which none but a free People can bestow.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the . said Resolution. . ' . '

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Timas Claw-Ting, Sir Matthew White Ridlty, Sir Edward Blackett,

Lord North, Mr. Stanley, Lord Mr. Dy-

Jon, Lord Clare, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Falter, General Howard, Mr. Elds, Mr. Onglty, Mr; , Mf.

JenkinJbn, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Charles Fox, Mr. Marshom,

Mr. Bwrtll: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Copy of Address* Remonstrance, and Petition, of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Livery, of the City of London, presented to the King 14

1770, and also the Copy of His Majesty’s Answer, be referred to the said Committee. v <

r I

a

Ordered, That allComraitiees be revived.. Committee*.

A Petition of Henry Lord Paget, Buon of Wilden Ferry

in the County of Stafford, Proprietor of the Navigation R to: of the River- Trent, from Wilden Firry, to the Tovfo of Gap Burton, and of several Mills and other Works upon fte Navigation, said Navigation; and the humble Petition of Isaac Hawkins and William Wyatt, on Behalf of themselves and their Copartners, Leffecs of the said Navigation of the said River Trent, {tom Wilden Ferry, to the Town; of Burton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read i Taking Notice of the Bill to amend an Act made

in

Com Trade.

Louth, lie. Road*.

(jag’s Lynn Sooth Gate

20* — 21* Martii. A. 1770.

In the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for nuking a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, and for granting further Powers for that Purposo; and setting forth. That, if the said Bill should pals into a Law, the several Properties of the Petitioners will be thereby greatly prejudiced and detrimented, if not totally ruined: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as affect them, and that the same may not pals into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee; That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2Sth Day of this Instant March resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present State of the Corn Trade.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant March.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough.

Stoke Ferry, and Downham Marketin the County of

Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout! and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Sornlrmj*o» Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, Selects,

repairing, and cleansing, the Streets and other public Passages, in the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Rhood, Saint All Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and East Street and Bagrow, within the Town of Southampton, and Liberties thereof, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious, is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Dunnington Parcel of Open Ground, called Dun Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Open Ground, called Dunnington Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Lord John Cavendif do carry the Rill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

MercurHj 21* die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1770.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing a Parcel Earfwick of Open Ground, in the Township of Earfwick, in the lnciofule* County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Open Ground, in the Township of Earfwick, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Praters.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, residing in and near to the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln, was preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln; and that the Road leading from the Head of the Canal in Louth, through Louth, to Heath, is ruinous and narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road, from the Head of the said Canal, to Bluefione Heath, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Clayton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fond for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edward Afiley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor repairing and widening the several Roads, from the South Gate, in the Borough of King's

An ingrafted Bill for amending and rendering more ef- Bourne feftual an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present M^tfty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourne, in the Parts of Seven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and for improving the Navigation through the said Lands, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His pre-font Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying be-'

'tween Boston Haven and Bourne, in the Parts of

and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and for improving

the Navigation through the said Lands.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gaol.

A Petition of John Arnold WaUinger, Esquire, of Efln Hare Hall, in the County of Essex, was presented to the c"UHt/

House, and 'read; Taking Notice of the Bill for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex; and setting forth. That the Petitioner is possessed of considerable Property in the Town of Chelmsford; and that, if the new Gaol should be built upon any other Place within the said Town than where the present Gaol now Hands* including certain Lands adjoining thereto, to

be

Ufebnm

bdoTtirr*

Spemkamland

and

lladbomujh

&y«4.

io Geo. 111. 2 i6 Marta 815

be expressly described in the said kill, the Petitioner OThat it be an fnfti'uflion to the Comttiltrte, conceives, he may be a very great Sufferer thereby, and to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and vary and that his Property within the said Town may be very ma- enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twelfth Year terially affected, and rendered of much less Value than of the Reign of King the First* and the

it is at present: And therefore praying. That he may be Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for heard by himself or Counsel, in Support of his Petition; repairing the Highways, from in the

and that such Provision may be made in the Bill, that County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of he may receive no Loss or Injury from building the said Wilts, and for repairing several other Roads therein new Gaol. mentioned, is committed; That they have Power to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the make Provision in the said Bill, for lighting some Parts Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill of the said Highways or Roads, is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his

Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Robinson'* if he thinks fit. to impower the Trustees, named in the Settlement of atel*

Ordered, That it be an Inftrjattion to the said Com- Sir George , Baronet, and Dame , his

mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Wife, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of the v same Time, In Favour of the said Bill, against the said settled Estates in or oear Tower , within the Liberty Petition. of the Tower of and for other the Purposes

therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Mr. Edward Lafceltes reported from the Committee, R That the Bill be read a Second Time, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Township Mr. Congreve reported from the Committee, to whom Whitchurch and Parish of Great Ujeburn, in the West Riding of the the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from County of York, was committed 5 That the Committee Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turn-had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found pike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County , the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned of Be, was committed; That the Committee had ex-had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

of the Committee, except a Member present, who is to be true; and that the Committee had gone through

possessed of One Common and Twenty-six Acres, Two the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;

Roods, in the Fields; and who declared, that he would which they had directed him to report to the Housej not consent nor oppose the Bill, but is indifferent about and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards it; and, except Sir Bryan Stapyhon, who is possessed of delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the a Life Estate of One Common and Twenty-seven Acres, Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once in the Fields, for a Life Estate only, and said he would read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by not be at any Expence; and except Thomas Lund, who One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

is possessed of Seventeen Acres Two Roods, in the were agreed to by the House.

Fields, and said he would consider of it; and except Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

John Vmphelby, Mrs. Bowes, and John Leake, who are grofled.

together possessed of One Common Right, and Twelve

Acres, Two Roods, and Twenty Perches, and who all Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom ihe Bnxr.yanl refused to sign; and that the whole of th^Lands intend- Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act - R<»i. ed to be inclosed consist of Thirty-one Common Rights, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign* of his late, and Six hundred and Three Acres, Three Roods, of Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Field Lands; and that no Person appeared before the the Town of Bromyard, in the county of ,

Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Com- therein mentioned, and for amending several other

mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Roads adjoining thereto, was committed; That the Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; to report to the House; and he read the Report in his and found the same to be true; and that the Committee Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the had gone through the Bill, and made several Amerid-Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a to the House; and-he read the Report in his Place;

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second ingrossed. Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

- Sir James Long reported from the Committee, to Ord:That the Bill, with the Amendments, be whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, ingrossed. usually travelling the Highway, from Speenhamland, to

and through the Town of Marlborough, was referred; Ordered, That the Report which was made from the - Dog That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the dealing said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, of Dogs, was committed, be taken into Consideration as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the upon Monday Morning next.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the feme was read; and is as Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Prrfemtiaa followeth; viz. Committee, to whom the Bill for better Preservation of Game.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called Charles Bill, being examined, said, That the Entrance England, was committed, be taken into Consideratton into the Town of Marlborough is very narrow; and that upon Monday Morning next.

many Accidents have happened in the Night Time, for _

Want of the same being properly lighted: Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according to so

And the Witness said, That if certain Parts of the Order, a Bill for the Amendment of the Law relating Corporations, fiid Road were lighted, it would*tend to the Safety and to Franchises and Admissions into Corporations and Bo- Stc.

Accommodation of all Persons having Occasion to travel roughs: And the same was received; and read the First that Way. 'JTime.

Vol. 32, 9 Y,

8i<r

21 Mar Hi.

A. 1770.

Earl of Radnor's E dates.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguift and Mr. Peeked:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Landsl and Tenements, settled and in

Ordered, That Mr. Hawke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Wavering reported from the Committee Addref* appointed Yesterday todraw upan Address to be presented ref^‘ng' to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up

8-ft Remonstrance

Address accordingly; which they had directed him tore- of the City of

ailed Vn 3W W*# commonly died ' \

Where the same was read; and is as followeth < viz.

London.

Viscount Folk eft one, and Will Earl of Radnor, and their Issue respectively, by the Will of Sir Mark Stuart Pleydell, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to discharge Incumbrances; and for veiling several Lands and Tenements settled and entailed upon the said Earl and his IfiTue, by the Will of Sir Edward Des Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in Lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Rejotved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militia.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and faithful Sub-

jeds, the Commons

of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having taken into

Consideration the Address lately presented to Y our Majesty

under the Title of " The humble Address, Remonstrance,

and Petition, of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Li-

very, of the City of in Common Hall aifem-

bled," together with the Answer which Your Majesty

was pleased to make to the fame; think ourselves indif-

penfably obliged, upon thisOccasion, to express to Your Majesty the extreme Concern and Indignation which we

rTJ . r.L t> n ji feel, at finding that an Application has been made to Your

CopKsofReturn!of theR^,mcn!;Ba«.l,on3.!lnd In- Majest in ferms so lit|£ corresponding with thlt grate.

nannant I At+trtnntM nf Militio of the I 1 fra*c At ennuol - J - *. © O.

ful and affectionate Helped which Your Majesty is so

justly entitled to from all Your Subjects; at the same Time aspersing and calumniating One of the Branches of the Legislature, and expressly denying the Legality of the present Parliament, and the Validity of its Proceedings.

To present Petitions to the Throne, has at all Times been the undoubted Right of the Subjects of this Realm. The free Enjoyment of that Right was One

XU"wr^pirof't’h.ftid Returns end Outdid- of th.' "Ty "^"P. ^0!Jd,by ,h' R'v0'u‘i">. and . c. ~ .1 _.u t> g continued to us, m its fullei^ Extent, under the Princes

cation, are preferred amongst the other Papers of of Your Majesty>s il|uftri'0Qvs House\ And> „ w<: are

duly sensible of its Value and Importance, it is with the deepest Concern that we now fee the Exercise of it

Mr. Wood presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Alts of Parliament.

Copiesof Returns of the Regiments, Ba dependent Companies of Militia, at the Times of annual Exercise in the Year 1769: And also,

Copies of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers which have been transmitted to His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies of the said Returns and Qualifications do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

this Session.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to de-to the Lords, fire that they will continue fitting for feme Time, defirinf Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the said they wiU Meftage.

C«ttinge Sir Charles Whitworth reported. That he having been at the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will continue fitting for feme Time, the Lords do agree to continue fitting for feme Time, as this House doth desire.

Sherbura

Inclosure.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts Of the Common Arable Fields, and the Common Meadofts, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of S her bum. Leaner ton, Barkfton Act , Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and biggin, in the County of York; which Bill was, upon the 19th

so grossly perverted, by being applied to the Purpose, not of preserving, but of overturning, the Constitution and of propagating Doctrines, which, if generally adopted, must be fatal to the Peace of the Kingdom, and which tend to the Subversion of all lawful Authority.

Your Majesty, we acknowledge with Gratitude, ha* ever shewn the most tender Regard to the Rights of Your People, not only in the Exercise of Your own Power, but in Your Care to preserve, from every Degree of Infringement or Violation, the Powers intruded to others. And we beg Leave to return Your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks for the fresh Proof You have now given us, of Your Determination to perfcvere in Your Adherence to the Principles of the Constitution.

Permit us also to assure Your Majesty, that it is with the highest Satisfaction we fee Your Majesty expressing

Day of this Inft&nt March, reported from the Commit- so just a Confidence in Your People. In whatever un-te*,. to whom the same had been committed; justifiable Excesses some misguided Persons may have

Mr. Stanley, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted been seduced to join, Your Majesty’s Subjects in general the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of are too sensible of what they owe both to Your Majesty the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as and to Your illustrious Family, ever to be capable of His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may approaching Your Majesty with any other Sentiments

.iKtto.

do therein as they shall think fit.

Aningrofied Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, and the Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sherburn, Leaner ton,

Barkfton Act, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin» every insidious Suggestion of those ill-designing Men, in the County of York, was read the Third Time. who are in Reality undermining the Public Liberty,

Resolved, That the Bill do p&fs: And that the Title under the specious Pretence of Zeal for its Preservation; be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts and that Your Majesty’s Attention to maintain the Li-Of the Common Arable Fields, and the Common Mea- berries of Your Subjects unviolated, which You esteem

than those of the most entire Respect and Affection; and they understand too well their own true Interests to with to loosen the Bands of Obedience to the Laws, and of due Subordination to lawful Authority. We are therefore fully persuaded that Your Majesty’s People, as well as Your Parliament, will reject with Disdain

dows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sherburn, Lennerton, Barkfton Ash., Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, in the’ County of York.

Your chief Glory, will upon every Occasion prove the-sure Means of Strength to* Your Majesty, and secure to You that zealous and effectual Support, which none but. a free People can bellow.

The

io Geo. III. ai° Martii. - " 817

The said Address being read a Second Time*'an for its Prefer vat ion; and that Your Majesty's Attention Amendment was proposed to be made thereto* by in- to maintain the Liberties of Your Subjects unviolated*.

(erting after the Word " some," and before die Word, which Ypu esteem Your chief Glory, will upon every * roilguided," the Word, " few. " Occasion prove the sure Means of Strength to Your

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question Majesty, and secure to You that zealous and effectual put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Support,* which none but a free People can bellow.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to OrdeThat the said Address be communicated to the said Address, by inferring, after the Word " miy, the Lords, at a Conference) and that the'Concurrence and before the Words " have been," these Words, of their Lord ships be desired thereto.

in this instance. ’* Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question Lords, upon a Matter of the uttnoft Importance to the put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Honour of His Majesty’s Government, and to the Au-

Then the said Address, so amended, was, upon the thority of Parliament.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House ;and Ordered, That the Lord Bellafyfe do go to the Lords, is as followeth; viz. and desire the said Conference.

Most Gracious Sovereign, The House, according to Order, resolved itfelHnto TriW.

We, Your Majesty’s rood dutiful and faithful Sub- ft Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to re- of

jects, the Commons gu, ate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns cJJ^Jro<^d

of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having taken Members to serve in Parliament,

into Consideration the Address lately presented to Your Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Majesty, under the Title^ of, " The Humble Address, Mr* «« took- the Chair of the Committee.

* Rcniondrance, and Petition, of the Lord Mayor, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Aldermen, and Livery, of the City of London, in Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they

Common Hall assembled, " together with the Answer gone through the Bill, and made several Amend*

which Your Majesty was pleased to make to the same; thereunto; which they had directed him to report,

think ourselves indispensably obliged, upon this Occa- when the Hou(® will please to receive the same.

fion, to express to Your Majesty the extreme Concern Ordered, That the Report he now received.

and Indignation which we fed, at finding that an Ap- Mr* Bacon accordingly reported from the said Com* plication his been made to Your Majesty, in Terms (o mittee, the Amendments^ which the Committee had

little corresponding with that grateful and affectionate ma£*e to Bill > and which they had directed him to

Respect which Your Majesty is so justly intitled to from reP°rt to the House; *»d he read the Report in his

all Your Subjects; at the same Time aspersing and ca- Placei and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Jumniating One of the Branches of the Legislature, and Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table,

expressly denying the Legality of the present Parliament, Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said and the Validity of its Proceedings. Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be fusa

To present Petitions to the Throne, has at all Times ficient for the of the Members of the House. been the undoubted Right of the Subjects of this OrThat the said Report be taken into Confi-Realm. The free Enjoyment of that Right was One <Jerat, on «P°n Sevennight the 30th Day of thi?

of the many Blelfings restored by the Resolution, and Instant March* continued to us, in its failed Extent, under the Princes

of Your Majesty’s illustrious House: And, as we are Tire other Orders of the Day being read;

duly sensible of its Value and Importance, it is with the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom? E*!*®

deepest Concern that we now fee the Exercise of it so ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, grolsly perverted, by being applied to the Purpose, not upon the Bill to repeal so much of an ACfc, made in the of preserving, but of overturning, the Constitution; Seventh Year of His present Majesty’* Reign, intituled, and of propogating Doctrines, which, if generally An Act for granting certain Duties in the Colo-adopted, must be fatal to the Peace of the Kingdom, nies and Plantations in' Americafat allowing a Draw-and which tend to the Subversion of all lawful Autho- back of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation rity. from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the -

Your Majesty, we acknowledge with Gratitude, has Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discoft-ever shewn the most tender Regard to the Rights of tinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware,

Your People, not only in the Exercise of your own exported to America; and for more.effectually prevent-Power, but in Your Care to preserve, from every De- ing the clandestine Running of Goods in the find Colo-greeof Infringement or Violation, the Powers intruded nies and Plantations; as lays Duties upon Gla(s, Red to others. And w? beg Leave to return Your Majesty Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Paste-our unfeigned Thanks for the fresh Prpof You have now boards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, of the Predupe given us, of Your Determination; to persevere in Your or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of Adherence to the Principles of the Constitution. t His Majesty’* Colonies in.

Permit us also to afluye Your Majesty, that it is with the kigheft Satisfaction we fee Your Majesty expressing Re That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply; so just a Confidence in Your-People. In whatever un- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' justifiable Excesses some few milgyided Persons may in House, to consider further of the Supply granted to this instance have been seduced to join. Your Majesty’s His Majesty.

Subects in general are too fenfibje of what they owe

both to Your Majesty and to Your illustrious Family, Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Wayt ever to be capable of approaching Your Majesty with ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mean*, any other Sentiments than those of the most entire Re- House, to consider, farther of Ways and Means for speft and Assection; and they underftaod too weft their railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. own true Interests towUh toloofen the Bands of Obedience to the Laws, and of due Subordination to law- Ord» That Mr. John Robinson have Leave to make ful Authority. We are therefore fully persuaded that a Motion, it being near Eleven of the Clock.

Your Majesty’s People, as well as Your Parliament, And he moved the House accordingly,

will reject with Disdain every insidious Suggestion of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

those ill-deligning Men, who are in Reality yndenpining Account of all Monies received and paid by the Gover-the Public Liberty, under the specious Pretence of Zeal nors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance Vol. 32. and

8i8 21* — 22* Martii. 1770.

and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, Notice being taken. That the Bill for the Amend- haw between the 31st Day of December 1768, and the 31st ment of the Law, relating to Franchises and Admit J*6^ Day of December 1769, with the Balance then remain- fions into Corporations and Boroughs, which was Yes- or^n9a!» ing; and also an Account of the Number of Children, terday presented to the House, and then read the First received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time, is not Day of March 1760, who have been placed out Ap- effectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended, prentices, between the 31st Day of December 1766, 1 Ordered, That the Order made Yesterday, for the and the 31st Day of December 1769, distinguishing the Second Reading of the said Bill, be discharged.

Number placed out in each Month, and how many Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said

with, and bow many without, Apprentice Fees, and Bill.

how much such Fees have amounted to in each Month j And the same was withdrawn accordingly, and also an Account of the Number of the said Children who have been returned to their Parents, between Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Chepftoi

the 3* ft Day of December 1768, and the 31st Day of Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, December 1769; and also an Account of the Number and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the of the said Children who have died, between the said Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the 31st Day of December 1768, and the said 31st Day of Road, from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot December 1769; and also an Account of the Number*of in the Town of Chepfloty, in the County of Monmouth, the said Children who were living, under the Care of and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Glou-the said Governors and Guardians, on the said 31st Day refer, and for repairing and widening several other of December 1769. Roads adjoining to the said Roads, is committed.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to Stretton

and deserted young Children do lay before this House, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Incld An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children Common Fields of Little Stretton, in the Parish of Nor-received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th ton, and County of Leicester, was committed; That the Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

1769, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1770, in- and found the same to be true; and that the Parties conclusive. ' cerned had given their Consent to the Bill* to the Satis-

faction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of AJdress Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Three Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill;

Account His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleaded to give and that the whole of the Land intended to be inclosed Moneyiffiied Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Ac- consists of 661 computed Acres); and that the Commit-en Addresses. count of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by tee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-;His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant, to Addresses of this ments thereunto, which they bad directed him to re-House, and which have not been made good by Parlia- port to the House; and he read the Report in his ment. . Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council. Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, were agreed-to by the House.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Smkm^Fuiid. Account of the Produce of such Part of the Sinking ingrossed.

Fund, on the Fifth Day of January 1770, as was fub- J to the Disposition of Parliament. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Han’,

. for naturalizing John Gottfried Hanmaii, was read the

\ . And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow First Time.

Morning, Ten of the Clock. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

lo>

C;

7 - jfQvsSy. 2 £l di$Martn; . .;

.r :>.: j.i ' 1 «uh:au!t:

v\; Anno io’ Georgii Regis, 1770/ j

to./: t; *

Prayer's; *'

Clyde /^Aptain Lockhart Ross reported from the Committee, bridge. to whom: the Bill for building a Bridge over the

iRiver Clyde, near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain Roads and Avenues leading to the fame, was-.committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of . — -the Bill, and found the fame; to be true; and-that the Committee had gone through ths Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had'directed him to report to the House; and he- read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,. One by One; and, upon the Question r severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in--grofied.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Appacto for naturalizing John Jacob Appach, was read the First Nat-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

- <

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open stoke and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Com- Goldingtoa mohable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties of Lctofat. Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, was read the ThirdTime.

Resolved, That the Bilfdo pass: And that the Title ;be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Linds and Grounds, within the Liberties of Stoke Gold-ington,f in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the 'Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

A- Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Aulcela and Common Fields, and the Midsummerand Lammas Indofuit. and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, and the Common or Waste Ground called Aulcester Heath, within the Manor of Julcefef, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Methuen,

Sir Thomas Clavering, &c.: And they are to meet - 14 -J this

io Geo. III.

22° Ma.

819

f. Neots idofure.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Paritfi of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 127 Acres and z Roods of the Lands intended to be inclosed, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose the same j and also, e'xcept Four Persons, who claim a Right of Common for their Houses only; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed contain 1397 Acres, and the Number of Persons, claiming a Right of Common for their Houses only, are 58); and chat no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendfnents thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to \vhom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln, is committed.

Louth, U c. Road 3.

Essex

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town County Gaol, of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read 5 Setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the House, for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex, which Gaol is at present ligate near the said Town of Chelmsford; and that the said Town is at present well supplied with excellent Water, from a Spring called Burgess Welly and that the Petitioners are informed the said Gaol is proposed to be built upon certain Lands or Grounds, out of, or through which, the said Spring of Water runs; and many of the Inhabitants have no other Supply of Water but from the said Spring; and that, if the Gaol should be built as is supposed, the Petitioners apprehend, it will obstruct the free Course of the said Spring, or otherwise injure or damage the fame, which will be very prejudicial to the Town in general; and the said Gaol will be also very offensive; and representing to the House, that the Scite of the present Gaol, including certain Lands adjoining thereto, and which the Petitioners are informed may be purchased for that Purpose, is the rood proper and convenient Place for building the new Gaol, and where it will be the lead offensive: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises inlo Consideration; and that Provision may be made in the said Bill, that the said Gaol may be built upon or near the Place where the present Gaol now (lands: such Place to be particularly described in the Bill; and that the Petitioners may he heard, by themselves or Counsel, against any Part or Parts of the said Bill as may be prejudicial to them \ and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com* miitee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the fame^ Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Vox.. 32.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Discovery ing next, resolve itleJf into a Committee of the whole of the House, to consider of the several Acts relating to the Longitude. Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for discovering. the Longitude.

The Lord Bellafyfe reported, That he had, according Address to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference: ref^&in the And that the Lords dp agree to a Conference; and ap- of^rCiTy of point the same prefenriy, in the Painted Chamber. London.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, do, manage the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Bellafyfe and Sir James Lowther be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Address, Remonstrance, and Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Livery, of the City of Londotiy presented to the Kipg,

March 14, 1770, and also the Copy of His Majesty >

Answer, be communicated to the Lords at the Conference.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over j and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Sir Thomas Clavering reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference with the Lords and had left the Address of this House to His Majesty, and the Copy of Address, Remonstrance, and Petition, of die Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Livery of the CUy o(

London, presented to the King, March 14, 1770, and also the Copy of His Majesty’? Answer with their Lord ships.

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whorp tfomwnton the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, upon Soar Meadows, Common Pastures, andaU other Open, Com- Inclosure, mon, and Waste Lands, in the P^rifli of Novmanlon, upon Soary in the County of Nottinghapiy was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that thq Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that thq Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report \n hi*

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tli<^ Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do make the Report King’s Lynn from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the moFe easy Small Debts, and speedy Recovery offmall Debts, within the Borough and Liberties of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was committed.

Sir John Turner accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Commitee had gone through the Bill, and . made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; apd he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Quee read throughput; and thefi a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

2 Z Ordered,

Kingston

upon Thames,

See-

Road.

Biggleswade, Sec. Roads.

Ditto,

8 20* 2 2° Martii. - A. 1770/

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amend meijts, be in- ford* to and through* Little Brrrford, Efnefbury, and Saint grofled. Nt'ofs, to the Turnpike Road, at the End of Cross Hall

Lane; and representing to the House, that, if it should General Keppel reported from the Committee, to whom bethought proper that? the said lafEmentibned Ro^d the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, should be amended and kept in Repair by the Authority and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by tin of an Act of Parliament, the Petitioners hope it may be Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of; done at the Expend of those Persons only who travel his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the the said Road, or whose Estates will be benefited by

said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from Hindhead Heath, in the County of Sumy, through Fernhwrft La)ie and Midhurst, to the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Chichester aforesaid, to Delky, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tdble: Where the Amendments were Once, read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom the fiill to continue and render more effectual several Acts, for repairing and amending the Road from Biggie/--wadey in the County of Bedford\ through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hilly and from Bug-den to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry Housey in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barf or d, EyneJ-bury, and St. Neots> to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alconbury, to the Top of Alcohfiury Hill or Cross Po/l, leading into Santery Laney on the York and Edinburgh Road, and from the said Town of Bugden, to the Town of Huntingdon; and from Cross Hally in Eaton Soron, in the said County of Bedford* to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon; and another Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty YL\v\gGeorge the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first-mentioned Act; and of several other Persons, Inhabitants of the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered >the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Landholders, Innkeepers, and Owners of Stage Coaches, Stage Waggons, and of several other Persons travelling such Part of the great Northern Road as lies between Bigglefw&de and Bugden, in the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read / Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand, it is proposed by the said Bill, to raise a Sum of Money, over and above the present Debt, upon the Credit of the Tolls which will be col-leded from Travellers passing upon the great Northern Road, between Bigglejwade and Bugden, and to apply a certain Proportion thereof in amending, widening, and ‘keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry Housey in the Parijfti of Temps-

A. 14 ‘ .

the Repairs thereof, and not at the Expence of the Traveller, who never makes Use of it, cr receives any Benefit or Advantage whatsoever from its being amended: And therefore praying the House to take the Pre miles into Confide rat ion, and that they may be heard, by themfdv«ss or^Counsel, against the said Bill; and that none of the Tolls received of collected from the Travellers upon the great Northern Road may be appropriated to the Repair of any other Roads than that whereon they are collected; aibd that the Petitioners may be allowed to prove, that the Road at Tempsford Wash ti/ay may be eftefttjalty. repaired, anfcfac a moderate Expence, so that. no, Water can obstruct Passengefs so as to oblige them to pass another Way, and likewise to prove that the intended Road by Saint Neot's would be a Prejudice* to the great North Road, and a Hard ship-upon the Travellers uling the lame.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Report be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative,

A Motion was made, and the Questjoa being put,

That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Scvennight i-and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they: think fit;

It passed in the Negative. ii

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the (aid'

Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to* the said Bill, being feyerally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questiorij severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ' ,

Ordered, That the' Committee, to whom the Bill for LwU making a navigtfcle Cut or Canal, front Leeds, in the . 10 County of York,'to thtSea Bank, near the North Ladies IValky in Liverpooleand for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts; passed in the Eighth Year of Queen Anne; the'Third Year of King George the First, the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, and the Second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Harbour of Liverpoole,-is committed, have Leave, to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Saturday Morning next, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Grosvenor reported from the Committee, to Whom Stnckpat the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing Raik and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxons Land End, in the County of Lancaster, ]

and other Roads in the said Act: mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,'and found tlifc same to be true; and that the Commitiee had gone through the Bill, and made fe-vetal Amendnients thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the ‘House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Whcfre the Amendments were Once read throughout; and tliep i Second Time,* One by One; and, upon the Question severally-put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The

jj^i

Exports to America.

Minehead

Harbour.

io Geo. Ill 220* — 2j° M821

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take the Report iii his Pla£e; and afterwards delivered*

into Consideration the Report which was made from the the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, lighting, and Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and then a Second Time, One by One* and, upon and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to said Town, was committed. by the House.

And the Counsel for and again!! the Bill were called Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be:

in. ingrossed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the Aldermen, Common Council, a* Bill for repealing several Acts, passed for paving, St. Georgr Clergy, Freeholders, Leaseholders, and principal Inha- cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Sticcts* and Lanes; Hanover' bitants, of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts Square,

Devon, was also read. adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint Georgeaving*

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard; and Hanover Square, and for better paving, cleansing, and

examined several Witnesses in support of the Allega- lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, tions of the said Petition, and went through the Evi- within the said' Parish, was read a Second Time, dencefor the Petitioners. Rtf dived. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cur-

Then the Counsel for the Bill was heard 5 and ztn, Mr. Grosvenor, &c.: And they are to meet this examined a Witness in Favour of the said Bill, against Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's the said Petition. Chamber.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations as lays Duties upon Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Paste-boards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of His Majesty's Colonies in America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 2 30 die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIIf" Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

SIR Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for further continuing the Terms and Powers granted and continued by Three Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of William the Third, the Tenth of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Aline heady in the County of Somerset, and for the more effectual carrying the said Acts into Execution, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read Vqu. 32.

Lord George Sutton reported from the Committee to Worktop, whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Workfopy to the Turnpike Road at Kelhdm, and from oa 8* Debdale Hill, to the great Northern Rqad at South Musk-ham, in the County of Nottingham, was re-committed:

That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preventing any Turnpike being erected within a certain Di fiance of Worksop.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill. . ' .

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom Ashbury the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Inclosure. nlrin Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable^Lands, in the Parish of Ashbury, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of ;tl;e Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties concerned had given their Conftnt to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of certain Freehold Lands in the Open Fields and Common Meadows, containing together 226 Acres, and 26 Poles, with a proportionable Right of Common on the Downs; and also except the Lessees under Magdalen Colleget of certain Lands in the said Open Fields and Common Meadows, containing together hi Acres, 2 Roods* 5 Poles, with a proportionable Right of Common on; the Downs; and also except William Philips, a Lessee for 99 Years, if he shall so long live, under Lord Craven, of 17 Acres, 3 Roods, 10 Poles,.in the said Open Fields and Common Meadows, with a proportionable Right of Common on the Downs; and that the whole Ntimber of Acres in the said Open Fields, CommoYi Meadows, and Pastures, is about 2,002 Acres, 1 Rood, 4 Poles.; and except the Proprietors of certain inclosed Lands, ;or Lands held in Severalty, containing together 174 Acres, 3 Roods, 33 Poles, and also except the said Lessees under Magdalen College, of 21 Acres, a.Roods, 34 Poles, of such Inclosed Lands, or Lands held in Severity; and except the said Lessee under Lord Craven, of 3 Roods, 19 Poles of such Lands; and except the Guardians of Miss Petre,

Owner of the Freehold of 110 Acres of such Lands,

who.

Cooglp

822 s'? Marta. 1 A. 1770.

who* by their Agent, appeared before the Committee, and did not oppose the Bill; and that the whole Number of Acres of such Lands inclosed, or held in Severalty* is about 2,389 Acres, 3 Roods, 25 Poles); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. Ditto. A Petition of several Freeholders, Land Owners, and Occupiers of Estates, in the Manor and Paridi of AJli~ bury, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, if the said Bill should pass ipto a Law, the Estates of the Petitioners, in the said Parish, will be greatly prejudiced; and that they shall be subjected thereby to many Inconveniencies: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill$ and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Then the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the QuefUon severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

Address The Lords do desire a present Conference with this re<’PSing House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Mat-Rwnooftrance ter of the Conference of Yesterday. of the City And then the Messengers withdrew.

of Londou. Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference

with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over j And they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Sir Thomas Clavering reported. That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference; which was, to acquaint this House, That the Lords have taken into their Consideration the Address delivered Yesterday, at the Conference; and also the Papers referred to in the said Address, communicated at the same Time; which Address the Lords have agreed to, by filling up the Blank with " Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and;" and returned the Papers delivered at the Conference of Yesterday.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Angui/Ji and Mr. Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The King His Majesty having appointed this Day, at Two of Time for Clock, at His Palace of Saint James, to be attended receiving with the Address of both Houses of Parliament, the Ditto. Lords do intend to be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Pec/, ell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Hulmfi enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by William Htilme, Esquire, to grant Building Leases thereof, and Coiled to increase the Number of Exhibitioners in Brafen Nose College, Oxford, founded by the said Testator, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for DorkfVs veiling the Manor of Snelfton, and certain Messuages, Will Lands, and Hereditaments, in Sucljlony in the County of Derby, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Dockfey, Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust, tp sell and convey the same to Arthur Bozvyer, Gentleman, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uies of the said Settlement, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof* to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to ShcM explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year Hospital. of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York and Derby, for the Maintenance of the poor Persons in the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long lincc deceased, situate at Sheffield, in the said County of York, and for enlarging the Buildings* of the said Hospital, and adding more poor Persons to those already established therein, and for enlargiqg the Powers contained in the said Act, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ditto* to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York and Derby, for the Maintenance of the poor Persons in the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long since deceased, situate at Sheffield, in the said County of York, and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Hospital, and adding more poor Persons to those already established therein, and for enlarging the Powers contained in the said Act, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- State of the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Nation. House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *ndM<m House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Exports to ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole American House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act made Colonies, in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the JSr/V//;

Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually

preventing

io Geo. III. a 30 — 26° 823

preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, as lays Duties upon Glass, Red f^ead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Paste-boards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America.

And then tile House adjourned till Monday Corning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luncey 26° die Martii;

Anno 10® Georgii III111 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

Bromyard, A N ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, therein mentioned, and for amending several other Roads adjoining thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, therein mentioned, and for amending severalother Roads adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Xing’s Lynn, An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the

£ Xo2stC> ^oack from the Raft Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, *’ into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, aria to the Gate next Hillington, on Congkam Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be tnade to the Bill; viz*

Pr. 24.1. last. To leave out " Sixty-nine," and insert« " Seventy" instead thereof.

Pr. 28.1. 26. To leave out <l Sixty-nine," and insert " Seventy" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the Gate next Hillington, on Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Si ^Edward Aflley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Matrerfcy Sir Thomas Frankland presented to the House accord-Indofore. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Maiterfey, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St. Andrew, An irigrossed Bill to enable the Parishioners of Saint Holboro, Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, to pur-wor ou e. a Workhouse, was read, the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Parishioners of Saint Andrew, Holborn, Londotiy to purchase a Workhouse.

Vol. 32.

Ordered, That Mr. William Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Workhouse, for the Saffron Hitt Liberty of Saffron Hilly Hatton Garden and Ely Rents, Workhouse. in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesexy was read the Third Time.

Refohedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Workhouse, for the Liberty of Saffron Hilly Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the . Parish of Saint AndreWy Holborn, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. William Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Markin Open Fields, Meadows, Pasture Leys, and Stinted Inclosure. Common Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Mar-tony in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Refohedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pasture Leys, and Stinted Common Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Martony in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dockfey'i for veiling t;he Manor of Snelfton, and certain Messuages, Mites. Lands, and Hereditaments, in Snelfton, in the County of Derby,. comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Dockfey, Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust to sell and convey the same to Arthur Bowyer, Gentleman, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of the said Settlement, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Refohedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for completing the Navigation of the River Swale Swaky from its Junction with the River Urey to Morton Navigation. Bridge, and of Bedale Brook, in the County of York, and for repealing Part of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, relating thereto, was read a Second Time. 1

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Fuller, &c.s And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to East whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Newton Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of *nc ofttre" East Newton, in the Parish of Aldborough, in Holderness, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satise faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House 1 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Tables Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Musgrave be added to the Gen- Ormfide tlcmen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Inclosure. Bill, pvrfuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Personsj v^hose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Be-

10 A half

CoogJp

824

i6° Martii.

A. 1770.

Brighton!

dec.

Road.

half of themselves and others, intefefted in the Common and Waste Grounds withitfthe Manor or Parish of Ormr side, ifi the County of Westmoreland.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, leading from Bright helmftone, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sttffex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, di-iefting that no Toll shall be taken near the Town of Cuckfield, until a certain Part of the Road be repaired between Cuckfield and the County Oak.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the -Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Southampton Sir John MoUsworth reported from the Committee, to Streets- whom the Bill for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets and other public Passages, in the several Parishes and Wards of St. Michael, St. John, Holy Roods St. Lawrence, All Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and Eafi Street and BagreWs within the Town of Southampton and Liberties thereof and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trutfi and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which n*hey had. directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted. - '

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Oaddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen9* Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Wind Mill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk without any Amendments And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Enlarge the Term and Powers of An Act made an the Twentieth Year of his late for repairing tht

Roads from Cirencester, in the County of Glcute/kr, to fiirdlip Hills in the said County; without any Amendment: And alfe.

The Lords have agreed to die. Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reiga of- His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving ^certain Low Marfti and Feb Lands* lying between Boston Haven and Bourne, in the Parts of KejUven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and for improving the Navigation through the said Lands; without Any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inctofing aParcel of Open Ground, in tht z\

Norwich

to

Watton

Road.

Cirencester Road. 7

Bourne

D$rinage.

Earftfick

Inclosure.

Township of Earfwick, in the County of York \ without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Waste Ground, in the Lordiliip or Liberty of Ra~ vtnfione, otherwil'e Raunflon, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby; without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Two Common Sunted Pastures, and a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of Bellerby, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Paftyres, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Boltesford, including the Hamlets of Easthorpe and Normanton, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Open Ground, called Dunnington Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pasture, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of West Hejlerton, and Parish of Yeddingham, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Downs, within the Manor and Parish of Westwell, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown, from William Bye, for which they are Sureties; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia^ in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act For continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the Road from Ijfivich tb Cleydon, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Suffolk: without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue Two Acts of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second/ for repairing the Road leading from Galley Cornei', adjoining to Endfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to' Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed t<5 the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation of Malt'; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge Che Terin contained in Two several Acts of Parliament-, abd*to grant a further Term and Powers for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from a Place called EarPs Kill, in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate in Wigan, both in the County of Ldncaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords hav% agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester, in the Ooutoty 6f <Okforft, to Aylefbttry, in the County of Afrifcr; fcriyAmendment: And also,

Thf Lords hirve^ited to the 8H1> intituled, Art^ft

2 1 to

Rvvenflone

lnilosure.

BellcrW

lixtoiurc.

Bottesford

Incloiun.

Dunningtoa

inclosure.

West

Heflcrtoa

Indolure.

Westwell

Indohue.

Pye’s Debt to the Crowu,

Militia Pay and Clothing.

Ipswich, &c. Road*.

South Mira Road,

Malt.

Warrington

and

Wigan

Roads.

Bicester

to

Aylefliurjr

Road.

Exeter High Street.

Thornton

[nclosure.

Denton

Inclufarc.

5\ff«:ithwaite

Inclolbrc,

Compton

Iadosure:

Dunchurch

to

itone Bridge Road.

Holland

Fen

Iudofure.

CVyvfll tlcath

laclofuie.

Netherwitton

Agreement.

Nar River

Navigation.

jo Geo. III.

z6° Ma

825

to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, to apply a Sum of Money out of the County Stock, for the opening, making, and maintaining, a-convenient and commodious Highway, from the High Street, in the City of ExeteYy to the Castle of Exeter; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Township and Manor of Thornton, in Bradford Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Copses, arid Commonable Ground, within the Parish of Dentony otherwise Divingten Parvay in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Baffenthwaite, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open^ Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Compton, in the Parish of Enford, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts now subsisting, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntrey Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen> and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland\ in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Wyvill Heath, in the Lord ship of Wyvill cum Hungerton, in the County' of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement, afterwards made an Order of Assize, and Rule of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, in a Cause wherein John Doey on the Demise of William Salviny Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, was Plaintiff, and Margaret Thornton and Mary Thornton, Spinsters, Infants, by their Guardians, were Defendants, touching the Manor of Netherwittmy Capital Messuage of Netherwitton, and other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Northumberland, heretofore the Estate of John Thomtony late of Netherwitton aforesaid; Esquire, deceased, and for confirming the Award made in pursuance of the said Agreement; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. *

Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King’s Lynn, to Westaci'ey in the County of Norfolk, and for making the said Act more effectual, was committed $ ThaMhe Committee had examined the- Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 5 and that the- Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dinged him to report to the House 5 and he read the* Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cferk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Vol. 32.

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hannun’s for naturalizing John Gottfried Hanman, was read a Sc- ^at, cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brick- - -daley Mr. Laroche, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill firom the Lords, intituled, An Act Appach’i for naturalizing John Jacob Appachy was read a Second ^at* Time.

Resolve'dy That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brick-daley Mr. Mortony &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. /

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for Vefting a certain Messuage, or Tenement, with the Kingston Appurtenances, in Arlington Streety in the County of £"alcs' Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of the Mod noble Evelyn Duke of Kingstony in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust for the said Duke; and for settling other Estates of the fiiid Duke to the same Uses as the said Messuage and Premises now stand limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Nlv. Brick-dale, Sir George Savile^ &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Speaker reported. That both Houses did* upon Answer Friday laid, attend His Majesty, with their Address; to *9 which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious rcww Answer: the

Remonstrance

of the City of London.

My Lords arid Gentlemen,

I return you My Thanks for this very loyal and dutiful Address. It is with great Satisfaction that I receive from My Parliament so grateful an Acknowledgment of My tender Regard for the Rights of My Subjects. Be assured, that \ shall continue to adhere to the true Principles of Our excellent Constitution; from which I cannot deviate, without justly forfeiting the Affections of a free People.

Mr. Which cot reported from the Committee, to whom Westborough the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Inclosur*. Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Westborough and Doddingtony in the Manor and Parish of Westborough cum Doddingtony in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame, to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee,* except Two Persons, who are possessed of Two Messuages, 7 Oxgangs, and j-4ths of an Oxgang of Uninclosed Land, and Acres and 3 Roods of Inclosed Lands, who refused to sign the Bill, and also, except One other Person, who is possessed of 5 Acres and a Half of Land and Meadow, who could not be found; and that-the Number of Messuages having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed are 53* and the Cottages 17, arid 6 Toftsteads; and the Whole of the Lands intended* to be indofed contain 194 Oxgangs, and 14 Acres 3 Roods of Meadow, and 3 Common Rights* and the present inclosed Lands 199 Acres and 5 -Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereikrto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

his

8 26 26° Martii. . A, 1770,

in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

1? ?one An ingrossed' Bill for amending, and rendering more \Vatch Le®I<^ua^»1x1 Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign

fof His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for making rfiofe effectual Provisions for those Purposes, so far as the same relates to the cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Pa-rifli, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill} Viz.

Pr. 31. 1. 3$. To leave out from " Act " to " and, " in Pr. 31. 1. 6.

Pr. 57. 1. 17. To leave out from "another" to " and, " in 1. 36.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and for regulating Weights and Measures, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein-mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

Robinson’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Mates. to empower the Trustees named in the Settlement of Sir George Robinson, Baronet, and Dame Dorothea his Wife, to grant Building and repairing Leases of the settled Estates in or near Tower Hill, within the Liberty of the Tower of London, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-with, Mr. Beauclerk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Quieting Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Corporation?, the further quieting and establishing Corporations, and &c* for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings, in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informations in nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus, and for regulating Admissions into Corporations and Boroughs: And that Mr. Maekworth, Mr. Serjeant Glynn, and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stratton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open indofure. and Common Fields of Little Stretton, in the Parish of Norton, in the County of was read the Third

Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields ot Little , in the Parish of Norton, and County of Leicft

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

Clyde An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge over the River

Bridge*

Clyde, near the Town of Hamilton, irf tfte County of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain Roads and Avenues leading to the fame, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain Roads and Avenues leading to the lame.

Ordered, That Captain Lockhart Ross do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for veiling several Lands and Tenements, settled and Rad*’* intailed upon Jacob PLydell Bouveri commonly called EftaKV Viscount Folkestone, and William Earl of Radnor, and their Issue respectively, by the Will of Sir Mark Stuart Pleydell, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to discharge Incumbrances $ and for veiling several Lands and Tenements settled and entailed upon the said Earl and his Issue, by the Will of Sir Edward Des Bouverie,

Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bouverie, Lord Downe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hulme’j to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by William RD(Vlfe'"V Hulme, Esquire, to grant Building Leases thereof, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners in Brajen Noje College Oxford, founded by the said Testator, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Whitchurch, Road, from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at dldermafton Great Bridge, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And th^it the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Congreve do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

Mr.Musgrave presented to the House, according to Ormfide Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Indoiure. and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Great Orm-side, in the Parish of Ormfide, in the County of -norland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and al- Buttmou tering the Roads from Butterton Moor End, near fl^or» Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone upon the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashbortie, near Newhaven, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Grevile, Mr. Bouverie, tile.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Ufebura Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Township Inclosure. and Parish of Great Ufeburn, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Rffolved,

1

io Geo. III.

26° Martii.

827

East Newton Inclosure.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the TownQiip and Parish of Great UJeburnin the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Town* ship of East Newton, in the Parish of in

Holderness, in the County of York; which Bill was this Day reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

East India Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Company; compelling Persons dismissed the Service of the East India Company to depart from the East Indies, and for better regulating the Servants of the said Company, asd for other Purposes: And that Sir George Mr.

Cust, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Mr. Boulton, Mr, Gregory, Mr. Sir Robert Fletcher,

and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

dismissed

Servants.

Addresses for Papers; Americau Colonies.

Militia.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Earl of Loudons, Sir Jeffery AmherJFs, and General Gage's Commissions, as Commanders in Chief in North America, those Patent under the Great Seal, and those by Sign Manual; together with the Commission to Francis Bernard, Esquire, as Governor and Commander in Chief of the Province of Massachu-Jets Bay, by Patent under the Great Seal.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Message from the House of Representatives in His Majesty’s Province of Bay, to his

Excellency Sir Francis Bernard, Governor and Commander in Chief of the said Province, dated May 31 1769, and also of the Governor’s Answer of the same Date, together with a Copy of a Message from the House of Representatives of His Majesty’s Province of Majfachufeit's Bay, to his Excellency Sir Francis Bernard, Governor and Commander in Chief of the said Province, dated June 6 1769, and also of a Mef-sage from the Governor, dated June 14 1769.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Sutton presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Several other Copies erf Returns of the Regiments, Battalions, and Independent Companies of Militia, at the Times of annual Exercise, in the Year 1769: And also.

Copies of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants, and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to the Office of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies of the said Returns and Qualifications do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Vol. 34.

The said Copies of the said Returns and Qualifica* tions, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Thursday the 15th Day of this Instant March, for hearing at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, the Matter of the Petition of James Dundas, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Linlithgow, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being puf. That the said Order be discharged;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Commonalty, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Town of Rye, in the County of SuJJ'ex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's to Lamberhurst

Pound, and Pullins Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell, in the County of Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to Woodjgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County in which Bill the Petitioners are informed, is contained a Clause for repealing the Clauses of certain Acts of the Eighth of Queen Anne, the Eleventh of George the First, and the Fourteenth of George the Second, so far as they relate to that Part of the said Roads leading from Sevenoakes to Woodjgate and Tunbridge Wells, and from Woodjgate to Kipping's Cross; and that the Peti-

tioners apprehend, if such Bill should pass into a Law, it would tend to the enhancing the Price of Fish. at the London Market, and be highly prejudicial to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Rye, and of the several other Fishing Towns on this Coast: And therefore: praying. That the said repealing Clause may be taken out of the said Bill before the same pafles into a Law; and that the Petitioners may have an Opportunity of being heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as may affect the Petitioner’s Interest.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Complaint being made to the House, of a printed Paper, intituled, " the Whisperer, N# 5 and 6, printed " and published for the Authors, by W. Moore, at N° " 42, Fleet Street;

The said Paper was delivered in at the Table, and read.

Resolved, That the said Paper is a false, scandabus, and seditious Libel, most insolently affronting and calumniating His Majesty and His Royal Family, presuming even to throw out Menaces against the King,

10 B endeavouring

Limit l)£OW JEle&ion

Sevenoakes,

&c.

Roads.

Mutiny and Desertion; America.

The Whisperer, Voted to be a Libel.

828

2 6° Martii.

A.

177a.

Sxpulfion of

Members.

endeavouring to create in His Majesty a Distrust of His People, as well as to alienate the Affections of the People from His Majesty, and tending to excite the most dangerous Attempts against His Majesty’s Person, and against the present happy Establishment of the Government of these Kingdoms in His Majesty’s illuftri-ous House.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be communicated to the Lords, at a Conference; and their Concurrence desired thereto.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon a Matter of Importance to the Dignity of the Crown, and the Honour of His Majesty’s Person and Government.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Bridgman do go to the Lords, knd desire the said- Conference,

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General, to prosecute the Author or Authors, the Printer or Printers, and the Publisher or Publishers, of the said scandalous, false, and seditious Libel, in order that they may be brought to condign Punishment for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Consequences of tjje Expulsion of Members of this House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Bill i and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Reoflved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

D0g Ordered* That the Report which was made from the Steatog. Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Stealing . of Dogs, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Preicrvatioa

of

Game.

Sta'e of the Nation.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

> I

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in; for allowing a

Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America;and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, as lays Duties upon Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Paste-boards. Millboards, and Scaleboards of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America.

The Lord North reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty, and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that' He will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed, That Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of such Part of the Si nk-ing Fund, on the 5th Day of 1770, as was subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

Mr. Julliott also, from the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addretfes of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To

Supply.

Way* and Mean,

Exports to American Colonies.

Anfvrer to Address fnr Account-

Account; SinkingFoud, &c.

io Geo. Ill

26* — 270 Marta. 829

1

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, ind Burgesses, in Parliament jtflembled.

Am ACCOUNT of the Produce of such Part of the Sinking Fund, on the 5th Day of January 1770,

as was subjectc to the Disposition of Parliament.

The Produce of such Part of the Sinking Fund on the 5th Day of January 1770, as was subject to the Disposition of Parliament, amounted to the Sum. of Two hundred. Ninety-nine thousand Three hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence Farthing.

Exchequer,

the 26th Day of March 1770.

S. P. Jufliott*

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

\ ♦

Am ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money, which have been ififued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Thomas Tyrwh&t, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing and reprinting the

Journals of the House of Commons to the End of the last Session of Parliament, with a proper Index thereto, and also the Reports directed to be reprinted -

To John Hatfell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expfence of printing the Journals of the

House of Commons, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of the present Session of Parliament ——

To Edward More, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons ——

To William Bowyer, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing 1,2jo Copies of such Parliamentary ana other Records, as His Majesty shall think fit -

More to him, for the like Service -

To Frederick Lafontaine, to be applied to encourage the making of Saltpetre in Great , under the Inspection of the Board of Ordnance -

C ' *

7,000 — . —

600----

&0o — —

2.000 — —

1.000 *-

2,000 --- —

13,100 -

Exchequer,

the 26th Day of March 1770.

S. P. Julliott.

Ordered, That the daid Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

and render more effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for maintaining* regulating, and employing, the Poor of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of,

and County of Middlesex, is committed.

Martis, 27° die Martii $

Anno io* Georgii IIItM Regis, 1770* Prayers.

r\Kdered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, Vot. 32.

Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee, to whom Macclesfi^d, the BUI for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road *« from Macclesfieldhin the County of Ch^fter, to the Turn-

pike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in , in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the was committed) That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,.and found the same to be truej and mat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had

directed

e

830 'll* Martu. A, 1770.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to By the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Foxton Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Pa-rifli of Foxton, in the County of was committed ;. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satifaction of the Committee (except Four Persons who are possessed of 255$ Acres of Land and Two Cottages, who would not sign the Bill; but said they would give no Opposition to it; and also except Six Persons, Who are possessed of 115 Acres and Eight Cottages, who refofed to iign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Acres within the said Paridi are 1,549, and Fifty Cottages; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

King’s Lyna An ingroJTed Bill For repairing and widening the fe-(Southgate) veral Roads, from the South Gate, in the Borough of *oad’ King's Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton,

borough, Stoke Ferryf and Market, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill doipafs: And that the Title -be, An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads, from the South , in the Borough of King’s Lynn, into the Parishes of

Stoke Ferry, and Downha, , in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edward AJlley do carry the . Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Liskeard Mr. Salt reported from the Committee, to whom the Roads. Hill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, from the East End of West T Lane, to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House, and also the Road from the said Borough of to

Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point, and from Craft Hole aforesaid, to St. Germans Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon; and for amending the Roads from Barn Street to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street, to Crat hick Ford, and from Bull Post, to Treworgey Cross, in the County of Cornwall, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found, the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there--unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in ♦at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were . Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fevefally put thereupon, were agreed 10- by the House; *

16

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John HyndeCotton reported from the Commit- j;lt!|eport) tee, to whom the Bill to extend the Provisions in Two &c. Acts, passed in the Third and Fifth Years of His pre- pojds-sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littleport, and to the Bank of The Hundred Foot River, and other Roads therein mentioned, to the Road from Gibbet to and

from the House of George Farrinto the House of Love Owen, and for making other Provision for repairing the said Road from Ely to Littleport, and to the Bank of The Hundred Foot River, and for making and keeping in Repair, a Road from Littleport to Chequer Cornet, in Downham, in the Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry, to Hammond’s Eau and Somersham Bridge, and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market, in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road, near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth, to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon, was referred; That no Person appeared in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, annd found the same to be true, and that the- Committee had gone through the Bill,- and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Abingtou to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- PiSottt mon Fields, and other CommonableLands and Grounds, *nclosure-within the Manor and Parish of Abiugton Pigotts, otherwise Abington in the Clay, in the County of Cambridge, was-committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at-the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bouverie reported from the Committee, to whom NewSarum the Bill for consolidating the Rates to be made for the Poor* Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum, was committed; That the.Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and.that the Committee.had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once

read

0

v

to-Geo. III. ifMartii. 831

read throughout; and then Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Reus reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Hoads, from the St^Edmuod’s Borough of Bury Saint , to the Town of N?w-

Road. market, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, and from the South End of the Ferry Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County of Suffolk, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the' Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sheffield An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hospital. t6 explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King the First, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, and Derby, for the Maintenance of the poor Persons in the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of long since

deceased, situate at Sheffield, in the said County of York, and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Hospital, and adding more poor Persons to those already efta-. blished therein, and for enlarging the Powers contained in the said Act, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

"Mr. Hopkins, &c.: And they are to, meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ferlndon

.t®

Stofct Fefry Sir Edward AJlley reported from the Committee, to

Roads. whom the Bill for amending and widening several Roads, leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Watehett

Harbour.

Sir Charles Kemys Tyute reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for furthercontinuing the Duties granted and continued by several Acts, made in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anneand in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Harbour and Quay of Watcheit, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 32.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Mr. Hawke presented to the House, according to Or- fcafington der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing. certain Open Inctofurev Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Eafington in Holdtrness, in the*

East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whotn CaWicot’i the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging certain Estates from the Uses and Trusts thereof, created in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for charging the settled and un-. settled Estates of Gilbert Caldicet, Esquire, with raising Money to pay his Debts and Incumbrances, and for limiting his unsettled Estates so charged to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for charging the said Estates to the several Uses and Trusts therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord- Mutiny fog to Order, a Bill to continue an Act made in the last and Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending and furthercontinuing, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and . their Quarters: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more Kingitan effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted upon Tium«, by, an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so °* ’ far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widen-. ing the Road from Hindhead Heath, in the County of Surrey, through Fernhvrft Lav? and to the

City of Chichester, in the County of and a'so for

repairing and widening the Road from Chicheffcr aforesaid, to Delky, in the said County, was readthe Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by, an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from Hindhead Heath, in the County of Surrey, through Fernhurst Lane and Midhurff, to the City of in

the County of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Chichester aforesaid, to Delky, in the said County.

Ordered, That General Keppeldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report which was made from the Stealing ‘ Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Healing of Dogs, was committed, be now read.

10 C And

l

83i

a 7° Mart it.

A. 1770.

And the said Order being read Accordingly; #

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Confederation,

And the said Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made, by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned for Half an Hour.

The Sir Henry Bridgman reported, That he had, accord-

fa L^n* to Order, ^)e€n at Lords, to desire a Confe-

'* 1 ' rence; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference; and

appoint the same immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to manage the said Conference.

And a Committee was appointed of General Howard,

Sir Henry Bridgman, Lord , Sir John St. Aubyn, Lord Frederick Campbell, Colonel Onslow, Sir John -tefley, Mr. Wood, Mr OnflowMr.Pownall, Mr. Thoro-ton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Ambler,. Mr. Stephens, Mr. -ft on. Lord Barrington, Sir George Osborn.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "The Whisperer,

N° 5 and 6," be communicated to the Lords, at the said Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned j

General Howard reported. That the Managers had been at the Conference with the Lords; and had com* municated to their Lordships the Resolution of this House of Yesterday, and also the Paper, intituled, " The Whisperer, N° 5 and 6; " and had left the said Resolution and Paper with their Lord ships.

D®g The Order made this Day, for taking into further Con-Stfahjig, sideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the stealing of Dogs, was committed, being read;

A Member A Member returned upon a new Writ, having takes Oaths, taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

.The.House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time; upon the Question severally put thereupon, One ' of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to,

by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

St. George, Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com-Hsnover mittee, to whom the Bill for repealing several Acts, Square, passed for paving, cleaning, and lighting, the Squares,

Paving. Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of

Westminster, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint George, Hanover , and for bet-

ter paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish, is committed.

Preservation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into of Consideration the Report which was made from the Game. Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the hud Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, 16

were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed' to by the House j and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill. 1 »

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be-ingossed. *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Dttcovery to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, .

to consider of the several Acts relating to the Rewards gUU for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for difcpvering the Longitude, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been issued, by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in Pursuance of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and for the Improvement of the Lunar Tables constructed by Tobias , late Professor at Goetingen, or any Discovery or Improvement useful to Navigation; distinguishing the Times when, the Persons to whom, and the Occasions upon which, the said Sums were respectively paid; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mosrow Morning.

1

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr Cttddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex- E‘{£f*uef chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to W11<!"0Ftrn whom the Bill to amend an Act made in the Sixth Year Runcorn of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a na- Gap vigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near N*vlSat,0*< Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, and for granting further Powers for that Purpose, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Washington Earl Ferrers and Henry Lord Paget, and the humble Petition of those whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Lords of Manors, and Owners of Lands, Mines, and Minerals, adjacent to, or near, the Canal now making from the River Trent to the River Mersey; and also the Petition of Henry Lord Paget,

Baron of Beaudejert, in the County of Stafford, Proprietor of the Navigation of the River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, to the Town of Burton, and of several Mills and other Works upon the said Navigation, and the humble Petition of lflaae Hawkins and W Wyatt, on Behalf of themselves and their Copartners, Lessees of the said Navigation of the said River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, to the Town of Burton aforesaid, were severally referred;

That the Committee had considered the First mentioned Petition, and had heard Counselin Support of the Second mentioned Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report-in his

Place;

Coalhcavers.

L’nlithftow

Elodtioa.

io Geo. III. aj° Ma *

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report Was read.

And several of the Amendments made, by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Trecothick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Coal-heavers working on the River Thames, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it- in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vita.

To prove the Allegations of the said First mentioned Petition; Alexander , being examined,

said, Ht hks been a Coalheaver on the River ‘Thames 3 2 Years, and has, during that Time, frequently been obliged to give the Coal Undertakers a great Part of his Wages, which, if any Man complained of, they would not allow him. to work any longer in his Gang: — That a Gang has sometimes been obliged to give back a Score of Coals and the odd Measure, to the Coal Undertaker, for employing the m: — That where a Publican is a Coal Undertaker, he obliges the Men, for whom he procures Employment, to (pend 6 a Day in his House, and pay him an Halfpenny per Score for the Use of a Shovel, which they are compelled to hire of him, though they have Shovels of their own; and that the Beer, which he obliges them to pay 4d. a Quart for, is not worth a Penny; the Gin and Tobacco not worth any thing: And,

James Wood, being examined, confirmed the fore-

going Evidence; and added. That in 1758, at whatever Rate the Men delivered a Ship, the Undertaker, who recommended them, had the Price of a ScoreThat they now take i6j or a Guinea for a Ship: — That the Coal Undertakers have kept him out of Work ever since the 30th of last November-He then produced a Paper, from whence it appeared, that a Publican, who was a Coal Undertaker, had received 17;. for One Ship by way of Present.

To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition;

Mr. James Mann, a Coal Undertaker, being examined, denied the whole of the foregoing Evidence as to himself: — He said, That some Coal Undertakers do keep Public Houses, but he does notThat the Men sometimes make the Coal Undertakers a Present, not always: — He believes the Coal Undertakers, who are Publicans, do not compel the Men to spend Money in their Houses, or to hire Shovels of them: — That the Ship generally pays him for his Shovels: — Being aiked the Reason of the Men giving Presents to the Coal Undertakers; — he said. It is for getting them Employment when Work is scarce: — That the Present is sometimes One Shilling, sometimes 6d. a Man for unloading a Ship; — has lately received a Present of that Sort hunself.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall be lick, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; and for their further Relief: And that Mr. Alderman Trecothick and Mr. Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the

Vol. 32.

Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of James "biotins, of Dundas, Esquire, complaining of an undue'Election and Return for the Shire of.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard.

And the original Poll, taken at the last Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for' the Shire of Linlithgow, was produced, and read.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner having proposed to add to the Petitioner’s Poll Three Perron^, who' tendered their Votes, at the Election, and were rejected;

The same were admitted, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, to have been good Votes.

Then they examined a Witness, and produced' Evidence, to establish the Vote of another Person, who tendered his Vote for the Petitioner, and was rejected, as being a Minor.

Then having proposed to disqualify the Votes of; Three Persons who voted for the Sitting Member; as being, at the Time of the Election, excluded from the Roll of Freeholders, by a Decree of the Court of Session, at that Time unappealed from;

It was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, that, at a former Court of Freeholders, the said Th ree Persons had been refused to be admitted on the Roll; and that, on an Appeal to the Court of Session that Judgment had been confirmed; but that, at the Day of Election, having again applied, on a new Claim, they were admitted on the Roll, which was afterwards confirmed by the Court of Session; and that there was an Appeal from both those Decrees of the Court of Session to the House of Lords; and the Lords were of Opinion, that the said Three Persons were well admitted on the Day of Election, and reversed both the said Decrees of the Court of Session.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner having proposed to disqualify the Votes of Two other Persons who voted for the Sitting Member, who were admitted, at the Day of Election, on the Roll of Freeholders, which, on an Appeal to the Court of Session, was confirmed, but that Decree was afterwards reversed by the House of Lords;

It was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, that these Votes were admitted on the Day of Elec* tion, and polled; and that, subsequent to that Election, there was an Appeal to the Court of Session, who were of Opinion, That they were well admitted; and that this Decree has since been reversed by the House of Lords.

Then having proposed to produce Evidence to disqualify the Vote of a Person who voted for the Sitting Member, in Right of an Ellate which he had fold some Years before, and of which he Was not then in Pofiession.

The same was objected to by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, the said Evidence not being warranted by the Terms of the Petition; and also that the Voter appearing at the Time of the Election to stand on the Roll of Freeholders, no Evidence ought to be admitted to controvert his Right: and they were heard ia Support of that Objection.

The House was moved. That an Act made in the Third Parliament of Scotland, in the Reign of King Charles the Second, in the Year 1681, intituled, An Act concerning the Election of Commissioners for Shires; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Pa ft, of Great Britain called Scotland; agd to reftnin the Partiality, and regulate the Conduit, of Returning Officers at such Elections; might be read.

And the same Was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in

tht

834

the Seventh Year of the Reign of his said late, Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Election, of Members to serve in the House of Commons, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, to be eleCled, or to fit or vote as Members

of the House of Commons; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Counsel for the Petitioner were heafd, in Answer to that Objection.

And One of the Counsel for the Sitting Member having been heard, by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Then Part of the Minutes of the Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgow, with respect to the said Voter’s having taken the Oath of Possession at the said Election, was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel for the Petitioner are precluded, by the Terms of the Petition, from giving Evidence to prove that the said Person was, at the Time of the Election, divelledofthe Estateundcrwhich he claimed to vote;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Counsel for the Petitioner be restrained from giving any Evidence to impeach the Title of any Freeholder who appears to be inrolled, whose Title was not objected to at, or before, the Election, nor at any Time since.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " Freeholder," and before the Word "who," the Words "to stand " upon the Roll. "

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " inrolled" to the End of the Question.

And the previous Question, being proposed, That the Question upon the said proposed Amendment, be now put;

And a Doubt arising in the House, whether, in Point of Order, a previous Question can be put upon an Amendment;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put. That a previous Question can be put upon an Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers forth. Yeas, { ^r; |3J.

Tellers for the Noes, j } 76.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

ft passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting instead of the Words left out, the Words " unless upon Objections contained in Inliniments taken at the Time of the Election. "

/In Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by adding at the End thereof, the Words " or in a Complaint made to the Court of €t Session within Four Calendar Months after the In- rollment of such Person. "

And the Question being put, That the said last mentioned Words stand Part of the proposed Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 7?""" \

’< Junior, >28.

( Sir Alexander Gilmour: J

Tellers for the Noes, C Lord Bellajyfe, 7

| Mr. Cornwall.

'Martii. ' A. 1770.

So it paised, in ,the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words " un-‘ " Ids upon Objections contained in Instruments taken " at the Time of the Election, " stand Part of the First proposed Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, thus amended. Was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Counsel were again called in.

And One of the Counsel for the Sitting Member acquainted the House, that he had Instructions to give the House no further Trouble.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That John Hope, Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgo w.

Mr. Hope withdrew.

Then the Question being put. That John Hope, Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgow;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That James Dundas, Esquire, is duly elected

a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgow.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Shire of Linlith, by rating out the Name of John Hope, Esquire, and inserting the Name of James Dundas, Esquire, instead thereof. _

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made-in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1769; and for appointing other Commissioner', together with those named in the First mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax. to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

I77°- *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 28° die Martii;

Anno xo® Georgii III'*1 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

Vf R. Vice Chamberlain reported to the House, That JLv A their Addresses of Monday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain also reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last. That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General, to prosecute the Author or Authors, the Printer or Printers, and the Publisher or Publishers, of a printed Paper, intituled, " The Whisperer, N\ 5 " and 6, printed and published for the Authors, ‘by " IV. Moore, at N®. 22, Fleet , " had been pre-14 fented

Land Tax;

Commissioneri

Names.

Anfaer to Addreh 'for Papers

The Whisperer (a Libel.)

io Geo. III.

Timworth

Writ.

Linlithgow

Elc&ion.

fehted to His Majesty,* and that His Majesty had com- by themfcJves or Coiinfel, against such Parts of the said manded him^o acquaint this Hou/e, that he will give Bill as may affect: them.

Directions, as desired by the said Addrefe. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do i/Tue his Warrant to repealing several Acts, fled for paving, and the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- City and Liberty of and Parts adjacent, so

ment for the Borough of ‘Tamworth, in the Counties of far as they relate to the Parish of George, Hano-S'tafford and Warwick, in the room of Edward Thurlow, ver Square, and for better paving, cleaning, and - Esquire, who, linee his Election for the said Borough, ing the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to His within the said Parish is committed and that the Majesty. titioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said

Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according , That it be an to the said Com-

to Order, amended the Return for the Shire of Lin- mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Ditto;

lithgoiv.

St. Jamei, Westminster Paving.

Ditto.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of James, within the Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish: And also,

Another Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish

St. George* Hanover Square, Paving.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. V of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, whole for building a Workhouse in the Parish of Saint Martin ,n the Fields Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the selves, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish: And County of; without any Amendment: And

also, also.

Another Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sherbum

of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, who/e for dividing and inclosi ng the Open Parts of the - -

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- mon Arable

selves, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish; Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Were {everally presented to the Hou/e, and read; Townships of Sherburn, Lennerion, Barkston ft/h, Church Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, in the County of the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill of York; without any Amendment: And also, for repealing several Acts, pa/Ted for paving. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, and Inclosure.

Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westmin- Commonable Lands, wirhin the Parish of Bulkington, in Jler, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the County of Warwickwithout any Amendment: the Parish of Saint James-, and for the better And al Co

paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, The Lords have pa/Ted a Bill, intituled, An Act Cartwright's Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the for enabling Thomas Cartwright, Esquire, to fell, in Fee said Parish: and that the Petitioners conceive. Simple, Part of the settled Estates of the said Thomas that if the said Bill pafies into a Law, they shall Cartwright, to discharge incumbrances, and for settling be greatly aggrieved thereby: And therefore the Remainder of the said Estates to file several Uses praying. That they may be heard, by themselves therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Conor Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the currence of this Hcu/e: And

fame may not pass into a Law. ' The. Lords have pa/Jed a Bill, intituled, An Act

And the said Petitions were /everally ordered for establishing and confirming an Exchange of divers Exchange. to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of read a Second Time; and the Petitioners in the County of Derby, for other Lands and are then to be heard by their Counsel, up- taments in the same Parish, pursuant to an Agreement on their Petitions, if they think fit. between John Clerk, Ma/tcr of Arts, Vicar

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Dovebridge, the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the within the Diocese of Litchfield and , and Sir

said Petitions. - Henry Cave Baronet, by and with the of

' the Patron of the/aid Vicarage, and the Ordinary of the

A Petition of Edwin Lascelles, Esquire, William Shtop-Diode/e; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of shire, Mary Hodgson, and Elizabeth Lattgdale, was pre- this Hoa/eAnd also.

The Lords hive pa/fed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Lord enable the Right- honourable George Lord , Edgecumbe'a

to grant Building Lea/ea of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within

wife East in the County of Devon to which

the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hou/e: And also, .

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of the honourable George Hobart, in the County of and for investing

the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of other ‘Lands, to be settled to the like Uies; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And

The Lords have pa tied a Bill, intituled, An Act for Rich's WilA-

vetting the Share and interest of Esquire,

Second Son of Sir Robeti Rich, Baronet, deceased, of and in ^.6000 (which by the Settlement made on the

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Acts were pa/Ted, in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets,-and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and that the Petitioners have lent their Monies, and are possessed of Mortgages to a considerable Amount, on the Credit of the Rates laid on New and Old Bond Streets, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the said Liberty, which have been paved under a Clause in the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and that the Petitioners' are informed, that a Bill is depending, for repealing the said several Acts so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square-, and that the Petitioners conceive, there are Powers in the said Bill which greatly weaken the Securities which they are possessed ofr And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard.

Eflatts.

HobartV

h dates.

Vofc.

32.

10 £>

Marriage

836 28° Martiu . 1770.

Marriage of the said Sir Robert Rick., with Dame Eliz- and Powers granted and continued by Three Acts, passed bethRick, his now Widow, was fecund for the Be?, in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of William the nefit of their younger Children) in the Executors of the Third, the Tenth of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh

said Sir Robert Rick, as Part of his Personal Estate, Year of his late Majesty George the Second, for recover-

pursuant to a Codicil to his Will, made for that Pur* ing, securing, iand keeping in Repair, the Harbour of pose} to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Minehead, in the County of Somerset, and for the more House. effectual carrying the said Acts into Execution, was read

And then the Messengers withdrew. the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title WildcnFcny Ordered, That the Order of the Day for reluming be. An Act for further continuing the Terms and Runcorn t^ic adjourned Consideration of the Report which was Powers granted and continued by Three Acts, pasted in Gap made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of William the Third,

Navigation, an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His the Tenth of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year

present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal of his late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Mine-County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Rim- head, in the County of , and for the more

torn Gap; and for granting further Powers for that Pur* effectual carrying the said Acts into Execution, and also pole, was committed; be now read. for the better securing the ancient Dues payable to the

And the said Order being read accordingly; Lord or Lady of the Manor of Minehead, for the Time

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of being.

the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to compel Persons to (hut Swivel Bridges.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Satisfaction to Lord Paget, for Water taken out of the Trent.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the -Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

T*mworth Sir Edward Bayntvn reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of and

other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BUI, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent any Turnpike being erected between and Hopwas Gate.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that no Part of the Town of Tamworth shall be paved under the Directions of the Ad.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossfed.

Minehead An ingrafted Bill for further continuing the Terms

JJwbour.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to continue and render more effectual Biggleswade, several Acts for repairing and amending the Road from Biggle/wade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from

Bugden tp Huntingdon, and from Cross Ha(l to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Temsford, to and through Little Barf ord, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turn-

pike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: (And that the Title be, An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Redford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and for

repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Ap ingrafted Bill for dividing and inefolipg the St. Neots Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ' be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and,

Common Fields, Cocpmon Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Farish of Samt Neots, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Noras amt <m Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Open, Common, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of c ° "* Normanton upon Soar, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing* the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Open, Com- , mon, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Normanton upon Soar, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Act

io Geo. III. a8° Martii.

pack heath, An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and make more

aaUDcbn e^e^ual» an Act Pa^e<J *n the Fifth Year of His Ma-c *' jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and spetdy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Blackbeath, of Bromley, and Beckenham* of Kokefiey, otherwise Ruxlcy, and Little and in the County of Kent, and Qne other Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His Majesty’6 Reign, for extending the Proyifiqns of the said Act to the Hundred of WaUtfigton, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Revived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and make moreef&ftual, an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds ot Jof Bromley, and Beckenham, of Rokesley, otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Le(lnt/s, in the County of Kent, and One other Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Hundred of Watlingtou, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Dr. Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

’ A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the

Navigation. Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Fre-> derick Campbell, Mr. Edm &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ftfc* Sir William Maynard reported from the Committee, Coomy Gaol. wj)0m t;.iC sill for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Effete, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Jehu Arnold Esquire, of Hare

Hall, in the County of and also the Petition of

the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of EJJitx, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, were severally referred i That no Counsel appeared in Behalf of the said Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place j and aftetwards delivered the Bill} with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Hanman’s Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee* to whom

NaU the ingrafted Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act for Naturalizing John Gottfried was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tire same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

And the said Bill was reaef the Third Time-Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. B do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Appach’s Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to whom Mat. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing John Jacob Appach, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Vol. 32.

Committee had directed him to report the EiU to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered th?

Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr, Brickdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame* without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act Lord to enable the Right honourable George Lord Edgecombe, 3

to grant Building Leases, of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor of other-

wife Eafi Stonehouse, in the County of Devon, was read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dov«br3dge for ellablUhing and confirming an Exchange of divers Enchase* Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of,

in the County of Derby, for other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same Parish* pursuant to an Agreement between John Fitzherbert, Clerk, Master of Arts, Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Dovebridge, within the Diocese of Lit cl field and Coventry, and Sir Henry Gavendish, Baronet, by and with the Consent of the Patron of the said Vicarage, and the Ordinary of the Diocese, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hobart's for Sale of the settled Estate of the honourable George Etote. Hobart, in the County of Leicester and for investing the Monies to arise from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses $ was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rich's for veiling the Share and Interest of George Rich* Esquire, Will.

Second Son of Sir Robert Rich, Baronet, deceased, of and in £. 6000. which, by the Settlement made on the Marriage of the said Sir Robert Rich, with Dame -btth Rich, his now Widow, was secured for the Benefit of their younger Children* in the Executors of the said Sir Robert Rich, as Part of his Personal Estate, pursuant to a Codicil to his Will, made for that Purpose, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom fjotgrots the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Inclosure. mon Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Notgrove, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee} except William Cooke, who is possessed of 30 Acres of Land for Life, and who was so ill he could pot be spoke with; and except William Burroughs, who is possessed of 25 Acres and an Half of Land for Life, who, when called on, was not at Home} and that the whole Quantity of Lands to be inclosed consist of about 1,200 Acres} and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ax

838 28° Martii. A. 177a.

Preservation An ingrafted Bill for the better Preservation of the »f Game. Game, within that Part of Great Britain called,

was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 17. To leave out " hereafter," and insert " wilfully" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concuirence.

D0g An ingrafted Bill for preventing the Stealing of Dogs, Stealing, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i.l. 22. To leave out "or decoyed."

Pr. 2. 1. 36. To leave out " Justice or."

Pr. 3. 1* 29. -p0 leave out " or wilfully decoying."

1. 35. To leave out " and every the Justice or."

Pr. 4.1. 7. To leave out out "me,"and to insert "us" instead thereof: And to leave out " C " D. one."

1. 12,? To leave out " my Hand and Seal,"

13.i and to insert " our Hands and Seals "

instead thereof.

3°» X To leave out " Person or."

3*0

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be^ An Act for preventing the Stealing of Dogs.

Ordered, That Sir George'Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Discovery Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Longitude, to consider of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Expe-periments of Proposals for difeoving the Longitude, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be applied out of any Monies unapplied to the Use of the Navy, in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, towards making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and towards making Improvements of the Lunar Tables constructed by Tobias deceased, late Professor at Goetingen, in Germany; and also towards making Discoveries or Improvements useful to Navigation, subject to the same Directions and Regulations as are for the like Purposes contained in Two Acts made, one in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, " for providing a public Reward for such " Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at " Sea;" and the other, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " for explaining and rendering " more effectual Two Acts, one made in the Twelfth " Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act " for providing a public Reward for such Person or " Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and " the other, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of " King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render " more effectual an Act made in the Twelfth Year " of the Reign, of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for " such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude

20 .

" at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of " proposals made for discovering the Longitude; and " to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting " in Execution the said Act."

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That One Moiety of the greatest Reward, which is directed by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, to be paid to the first Author or Authors, Discoverer or Discoverers, of a proper Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, has been paid to John son, in pursuance of the said Act, and of the Directions contained in another Act made in the Fifth Ye'tir of the Reign of His present Majesty, for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, unlefe Two or more Watches or Time-keepers, constructed upon the Principles of the Watch or Timekeeper invented by the said John , shall be pro-

duced to the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, within the Term of Five Years, from the 24th Day of June 1770, and shall, upon Trial, be found to be of a sufficient Correctness to determine the said Longitude, within Half a Degree of a great Circle, or Thirty Geographical Miles, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, the exclusive Right of the said John Harrison to the other Moiety of the said greatest Reward, directed to be paid to him, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in Pursuance of the said Acts, shall cease and determine.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Stephens, Sir Charles worth, the Lord Howe, and Admiral Holburne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to continue an Act made in the last Session of Mutinr Parliament, intituled, Act for amending, and further and' continuing, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Desertion; Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and Aj‘,enca‘ render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

’ The House was moved. That the Order made upon Expulsion of Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Members, mittee of the whole House, upon Monday next, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Consequences of the Expulsion of Members of this House, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act made in the' Regulating Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel Boats, in the Port of Newcafole, and the Members thereunto belonging, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act:

And that Mr. Fuller, Sir John Turner, Mr. Mackworth,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ridley, Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir Walter Blackett, and Mr. Vane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame

The

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. whif^irr Cuddon: (A Libel.)

Mr.

io Geo. III. 28° Bfartii. 839

Mr. Speaker, That the Order of the Dfiy, for the House

The Lords have agreed to the Resolution of this to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, House communicated to their Lordships Yesterday, at to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty a Conference, by filling up the Blank with " Lords be now read.

" Spiritual and Temporal, and and ordered us to re- t And the said Order being read accordingly; turn the Paper communicated to their Lordships at the That the Account of all Sums of Money

lame Conference. which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pur-

And then the Mefifengers withdrew. (uant to Addresses of this House, and which have not

been made good by Parliament, be referred to the faiU Avenues Si x. Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Committee, to the House, who were appointed to inspect the Passages and Avenues That the Book, intituled, Account of the

to this House, and report their Opinion thereupon to the " Trustees of the Museum"December 24th 1769,’*

House; That the Committee had inspected the same be referred to the said Committee, accordingly; and had come to a Resolution, which they . Then the House resolved itself into the said Corn-had directed him to report to the House; and he read the mittee.

Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com-followeth; viz. mittee*

It appeared from the Information of a Member pre- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, sent, and by the Examination of Mr. Couse, That, in Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, order to render the Passage into Old Palace Yard, and That they had come to several Resolutions j which they Saint Margaret's Lane more commodious, it will be ne- had directed him to report, when the House will please necessary to make the following Alterations; viz. to receive the same.

To take away the Steps by Lord Chancellor’s Room, , That the Report be received Tomorrow

at the East End of the Passage, on One Pair of Stairs, Morning.

and lower the Paving from thence, to the Screen of Sir Charles Whitworth allb acquainted the House, Columns, at the Head of the Stairs, and to add the same that he was directed by the Committee to move, that Number of Steps at the West End to ascend into the they may have Leave to fit again.

Rooms appointed for the Court of Wards, and a Com- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-mittee Room. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

To take down the present Steps, and divide the same House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His into Two equal Heights; and, instead of ascending by Majesty. a double Flight of Stairs, to turn One Flight down the

lower Wait ing Room, and to make a Door into the said Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Room, and also to make another Door into the Waiting resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Room, at the Corner of the Building. consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup*

To keep the Door that leads into Saint Margaret's ply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Street, for the Use of the Speaker only. And the said Order being read accordingly;

To widen and inclose the Passage at the Head of the Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of such Old Stairs, by the Court of Requests, and fallen up the Part of the Sinking Fund, on the 5th Day of January Door in the lame, to be only opened occasionally in Term 1770, as was subject to the Disposition of Parliament, Time, for the Lord Chief Juliice of the King’s Bench to be referred to the Committee.

have Access to his Room. Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-

To take up the Foot Pavement on the South Side of mittee.

the Building, and reduce the same to Five Feet wide. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And Mr. Couse delivered in to your Committee a Plan . Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com-of the aforesaid Alterations, which is hereunto annexed, mittee.

tire Expence of which, he said, will amount to the Sum Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

of/.750. Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

Upon which Evidence the Committee came to the That they had come to a Resolution, which they had following Resolution. directed him to report, when the House will please to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, receive the same.

That, in order to render the Passage to and from this House Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

more commodious, it is necessary that the Alterations Morning.

mentioned in the Report, should be carried into Execution. Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, N. B. The Plan is preserved with the Report. That he was directed by the Committee to move. That The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, they may have Leave to fit again, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

A Motion being made, That the said Report be re- ing next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred to the Consideration of the Committee of the House, to consider further of Ways and Means for whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- A Petition of a very great Number of the Freeholders quainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it and Customary or Copyhold Tenants having Right of to the Consideration of the House, to make such Provi- Common, on the Forest called Kmrejborough Forest^ in fion for making the Passages to and from this House the West Riding of the County of York, was pre fen ted s more commodious as they shall think fit. to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the disafforesting the Forest of Knaresborough, in the County Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, of York, and for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply of the said Forest which lie within the Eleven Conftt-granted to His Majesty. bleries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mention-

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "State of the ed; and setting forth, That the said Bill contains several " Account of Monies received and paid on Account of Provisions very Injurious to the Petitioners and other " making a more commodious Passage to the House of Persons having Right of Common and Other Rights and " Commons," be referred to the said Committee. Igtercfts upon the said Forest; and that if the fame

You 32. 4 10 E should

8-pply;

Wm tod Mean*.

Knirefborongfi

Forest

Inddfure.

Com Trade.

Exports to American' Colonies.

Simpson

Inclosure.

King’s Lynn Small Debts.

Watchett

'Harbour.

840 28® — 29° Martit. A. 1770.

should pass into a Law as it now stands, it will materially affect the Petitioners: And therefore praying*

That they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Rights and Interests, and that they may have such Relief as to the Ho life shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* lideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit:’

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be beard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present State of the Corn Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in for allowing

a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, as lays Duties upon Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scale Boards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 290 die Martii;

Anno io* Georgii III*" Regis, 1770. Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddou:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Cow Pasture, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Bucks: without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Borough and Liberties of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of King's Lynn, and the Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing the Duties granted and continued by several Acts, made in the Sixth 2 x

and Tenth Yeats of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Harbofir and Quay of Watchett, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing the Duties granted and continued by several Acts made in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Harbour and Quay of Watchett, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cartwright’* for enabling Thomas Cartwright, Esquire, to fell, in Fee Simple, Part of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright, to discharge Incumbrances, and for settling the Remainder of the said Estates to the several Uses therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pur- Cowrfen suant to thb Prayer of the Petition of Richard Gee, inclosuw. Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Great in tb©

Parish of Mapleton, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, and also a considerable Owner of and in the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of Great Coivden aforesaid, Jonathan Midg Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the said Open Fields,

Meadows and Pastures.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Or- Ditto, der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Township of Great Cowden, in the several Parishes of Mapleton and Aldborough in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of St. George, Saint George, Hanover Square, whose Names are there- Hanover unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish: And also, a S-

Another Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish Ditto, of Saint George, Hanover Square, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other In habitants of the said Parish: And also.

Another Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish Ditto, of Saint George, Hanover Square, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others,

Inhabitants of the said Parish;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitiopers observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for repealing several Acts, passed for paving, cleans-tng, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, and for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish and that the Petitioners conceive, there are Clauses in the said Bill, which will greatly affect them: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of th^ Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed -t and the Petitioners are to be

heard.

10 GjeO. Ill* 39* Martiu \ / 841

beard by their Cewsfet, before the {kid Committee* upon their Petitions, if they , think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, ip Favour of the said Bill, again (I the said Petitions.'

koval Assent »A Jvfefiage from His Majesty, by Sir Francis to Bill*. tunac, Gentleman U(bet of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to *ti tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up (o attend His Majesty*

I And being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers j where His Majesty 1 was pleased to give the Royal Alftnt to the several Pub-

lie and Private Bills following;

An A<^for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy: >

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy:

An Act to permit the Exportation of Malt:

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His^ Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with William Hill and John , a Debt due to the Crown from William Eye, for which, they are Sureties:

An Act Jar enabling His Majesty to grant the Inheritance jn Fee Simple of the Manor of in the County of Wilts, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, now held under a Demile, by Letters Patent under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Ex-I chequer, in Trust for Paul , Esquire, unto the said Paul Mttbuen, and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same:

An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, to apply a Sum of Money, out of the County Stock, for the opening, making and maintaining, a convenient and commodious Highway from the High Street, in the City of Exeter, to the Castle of Exet er: ,

An Act for building a Workhouse in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of -I minster, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for amending and widening the Road, from Saint Benedi&'s Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk; and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honittgbam, to the Bounds of Yaxham; and also a Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City:

An Act for repairing the Road, from the Bridge on the Old River at Barton, to Brandon the Coun-

ty of Suffolk:

An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of through Lindfeld, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bo/iHills, in the said County of Sussex:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Ehndon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County:

An Act for continuing tire Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the Road from Ipswich to Qleydon, and several Von. 32.

Other Roads therein mentioned in the County of Suffolk:

An Act to continue Two Acts of the 'Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County. of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford i

An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from Bice/ler, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks: . f

An Act toenlarge the Term contained in Two several Act of Parliament, and to grant a further Term and Powers, for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from a Place called Earl's in

Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgale, in both

in the County of Laneaftert

An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual the several Acts now subsisting, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge in the County of Warwick,:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers Of an Act made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said County:

An Act for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for vesting the Manor of Lymington, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, settled by the Will of John,

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County of Wilts, in lieu thereof; and for other Pur-pbfes therein mentioned:

An Act for discharging certain Estates from the Uses and Trulls thereof, created in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-eigKth Vear of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for charging " the settled and unsettled Estates of Gilbert Caldicot,

" Esquire, with raising Motley to pay his Debts and " Incumbrances, and for limiting his unsettled Estates " so charged to the Uses of his Marriage Settement and for charging the said Estates to the several Uses and Trulls therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Ben* niworth, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Common Fields, in the Parish of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Winterton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Manor t>f Thornton, in Bradford Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Compton, in the Parish of Enford, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Bajfen-thwaite, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Copses, and Commonable Ground, within the Parish of Denton, otherwise Divington Parva, in the County of Northampton:

An Act ibr dividing and inclosing Wyvil Heath, in

the

842 2o Martii. . 177a

the LordfWp of Wyvi/lctimHungertour in the County of

Lincoln:

i An AftTor dividing 4nd inclosing a certain Parcel of Open Ground,' called Dunmngton Moor, in the East Hiding of the County of 1V1?; ' f

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pasture, ana other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of West Hejlerton, and Parish of ham, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of , including the

Hamlets of Eqfthorpe and Nor motion, in the County of

Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Two Compton Stinted Pastures, and a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of Bellerby, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Open Ground, ih-the-Township of in the County of

York:

‘ Air Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Waste Ground, in the Lordship or Liberty of Ravenftone, otherwise Raunfton, in the Counties

of Leicester and Derby:

- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Downs, within the Manor and Parish of West well, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Brdkingtcn,.in the County of . An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arabic Fields, and the Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of iS her burn,

Ash, Church Fenton, Little , and Biggin, in the County of York:

An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual; an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Ma* jetty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining the reto* in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Firth Year of the Reign of His pre-font Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourne, in the Parts of and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and for improving the Navigation through the said Lands«

An Act for dividing and-inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Cow Pasture; Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Appach:

An Act for naturalizing John Gottfried.

Plymouth An ingossed Bill for paving, lighting, and watching, streets. the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Worcffter Mr. Waljhreported from the Committee, to whom Streets, the Bill for better supplying the City of Worcester and the kQ' Liberties thereof with Water, and for ,the better paving and lighting the said Ci'y and for removing and preventing all Obliruftions and Annoyances therein, was committee That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same t<5 be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fe-vetal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report id his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Houfo.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irlgrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day,-for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and upon the Bill to continue an Act made iiv the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing, an Act of the Sixth Year or His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny arid Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quartets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. '

Mr. Speaker, left the Chair.

The Lord Barrington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Barrington reported from the Committee-;

That they had gone through the Bill* and made ati Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from th£ Committee of the whole Houfo, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Thirteen thousand One hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to make good ta His Majesty the like Sum, which has been inued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds,* be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Mnfeum, to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee-,

That a further Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to H^> Majesty, towards carrying on and completing an additional Building, for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported W*y> from the Committee o.f the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for taifing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved,

io Geo. III. 29" — 30° Mar843

Rr/c!ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two hundred Ninety-nine thousand Three hundred Seventy-five Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence Farthing, remaining in the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, for the Dif-position of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplusses, Excesscs or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the F'und commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolution, being*, read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sr. Jamo?, The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se-Westminster, cond Reading of the Bill for repealing several Acts, Paving, passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint James j and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish;

And Notice being taken. That the said Bill contains several Provisions not authorized by the Order for preparing and bringing in the fame, nor included in the Petition of the Vestrymen and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Vestreymen and Inhabitants of the said Parish, which was presented to the House, upon the 10th Day of February last, or in the Report from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred;

The House was moved. That the said Petition of the Vestrymen, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of and also the

Report which, upon the 21st Day of Fe-

bruary last, was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, and also the Order for preparing and bringing in the said Bill, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof: And that Mr. the Earl

Percy, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Mackwort/t, Mr. Thomas Edwards Freeman, and Sir George Yonge do prepare, and bring in the fame.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 30° die Martii;

Anno 1 o* Georgii III. U Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

New Sarum a N ingrossed Bill for consolidating the Rates to be Poor. mac]c for the Relief of the Poor of the respective

Parishes of Saint Thomas Saint , and Saint Mar-

tin, in the City of New Sarum, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for consolidating the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum.

Ordered, That Mr. Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Liskeard

Roads*

Aningrossed Bill to enlarge the Termand Powers grant -Vql. 32.

ed by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taphouse , to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House, and also the Road from the said Borough of Liskeard to Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point, and from Craft Hole aforesaid to Sc. Germans Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon-, and for amending the Roads from Barn Street to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street to Ford, and

from Bull Post, to Trezvorgey Cross, in the County of Cornwall, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, from the East End of West Taphouse Lane, to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House, and also the Road from the said Borough of Liskeard, to Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point, and from Craft Hole aforesaid, to St. Germans Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: and for amending the Roads from Barn Street to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Post to Trezvorgey Cross, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Salt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act made in the Sixth WiL’enFerry Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a to navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near ?-un.c°rnGtp Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River avi8ation* Mersey, at or pear Runcorn Gap, and for granting further Powers for that Purpose was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 14. After "also" to insert " be liable to such.

" Forfeitures and "

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River at or near

Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, and for granting further Powers for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, Brighton* leading from Bright helmftone, to the County Oak on &c.

Lovell Heath in the County of Suft'ex, was read the Road* Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Bright helmftone, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dockfej’a for veiling the Manor of Snelfton, and certain Messuages, Elites Lands, and Hereditaments, in Snelfton, in the County of Derby, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Dockfey, Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust, to foil and convey the same to Arthur Bowyer, Gentlemen, and his Heirs, discharged from the Ul'csof the said Settlement, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof to the same Uses, was read a Second Time. i

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitz-herbert, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this

10 F After-

&44 30° Martii. A. 1770.

Matterfey

Inclusure.

Hulme’s Devise to Brazen Nose College-

Aulcester

luclosure.

Nar Rirer

Navigation.

SevenoaLes

&c.

Roadi,

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Matterfey, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

n 7 #

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Frankland, Lord Strange, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates deviled by William Hulme, Esquire, to grant Building Leases there-

of, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners in Brafen Nose College, Oxford„ founded by the said Testator, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mr. Kynaston, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Methuen reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and the Midfutumer and Lammas and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, and the Common or Waste Ground called Aulcester Heath, within the Manor of Aulcester, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be, true ;and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands and Houses of the yearly Value of £.178. 13. 4. some of whom refiifed to sign the Bill, and others could not be found; and that the whole of Property of the Persons interested in the said Inclosure, amounts to the yearly Value of £.1,538. 6. 6) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, to Westacre, in the County of Norfolk, and for making the said Act more effectual, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, to Westacre, in the County of , and for making the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. De Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Commonalty, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Port of ings, in the County of SufJ'cx, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Seven-oakes, Tonbridge Wells, and to Lamber-

hurst Pound and Pulling's Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell, in the County of Sussex, as relates to

*9

the Road leading from SeVenOakes Common, to Woods-gate, Tonbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of Kent;in which Bill, the Petitioners are informed, is contained a Clause, for repealing the Chulcs of certain Acts, of the 8th of Queen Anne, the 1 ith of George the First, and the 14th of George the Second, so far as they relate to that Part of the said Roads leading from Sevenoakes to Wood (gate and Tonbridge Wells, and from Woodsgate to Kipping's Cross, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will tend to the enhancing of the Price of Fish at the London Market, and which will be highly prejudicial to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Port, and of the several other Fishing Towns on this Coast, whose Support and Livelihood chiefly depends 0:1 catching Fish, and fending it to the London Market: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may have an Opportunity of being heard, by themselves or Conn I'd, against the said Clause of Repeal, or such other Part of the said Bill as may affect the Petitioners Interest.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Netlierwiiton for confirming an Agreement, afterwards made an Or- Agreemeat. der of Assize, and Rule of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, in a Cause wherein John Doe, on the Demise of William Esquire, and

Catherine his Wife, was Plaintiff, and Margaret Thornton and Mary Thornton, Spinsters, Infants, by their Guardians, were Defendants, touching the Manor of Netherwitton, Capital MdTuage of and

other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Northumberland, heretofore the Efiue of John Thornton, late of Netherwitton aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, and for confirming the Award made in Pur-fuance of the said Agreement, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Blackett, Mr. Howard, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed. That Mr. Ccllingwood, Foundling Secretary to the Hol'pital for the Maintenance and Edu- Hoipiu:. cation of exposed and deserted young Children, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of all Monies received and paid by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the 31st Day of December 1768, and the 31st Day of December 1769, with the Balance then remaining: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Number of Children, received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been placed out Apprentices, between the 31st Day of December 1766, and the 31st Day of December 1769; distinguishing the Number placed out in each Month, and how many with, and how many withour. Apprentice Fees; and how much such Fees have amounted to in each Month: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been returned to their Parents, between the 31st Day of December 1768, and the 31st Day of December 1769:

And also,

N* 4.

1

3ofr Martii. 845

10 Geo. III.

N° 4. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have died, between the 31st Day of Dec 1768, and the 31st Day of 'December 1769: And all'o,

N° 5. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who were living* under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital, on the 31st Day of December 1769; And also,

N° 6. An Estimatfe of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1769, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1770, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate were read.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760* from the 31st Day of December 1769, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1770, inclusive.

The Number of the said Children living under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital on the 31st Day of December 1769, was Nine hundred and Sixty-five.

The Expence of Maintaining whom, at £. 7. 10 each, amounts to only - tC*7»237 10 '

Which is no more than the Expence of Cloathing them at £. 1 each, and Two Shillings and Six Pence a Week for Nursing; but as a greater Expence will accrue this Year, of bringing the Children to London, and keeping them in the Hospital in order to be apprenticed out, will encrease the Expence the present Year, to £. 2. 10. each Child, which is £.2,412 10 — *

N. B.Besides the above 965 Children, there have been taken into this Hospital since the 25th of March 1760, 315 Children; most of whom were under the most distressed Circumstances, or Orphans of Soldiers and Sailors, whereof 32 have been apprenticed, 8 claimed, and 99 dead: So that there are 176 Children now alive, which are wholly maintained and provided for, out of the Income arising from private Donations j and are not, nor ever have been, charged in the Estimate of the Public Accounts.

Signed by Order of the General Committee,

Tho. Collingwood, Secretary.

'Mutiny

and

Desertion; America.

Kin^stoa

fpnn

Thames,

Arc.

Road.

Ordered That the said Accounts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act ,to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for puoishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was, with an Amendment thereto, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to

Vol. 32.

enlarge the Term and Powers granted by, an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from Hind head Heath, in the County of , through

Fernhurst Lane and Midh\irjl, to the City of Chichester,

in the County of Sussex-, and also for repairing and

widening the Road from Chichester aforesaid, to Delkey, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pasture Leys, and Stinted Common Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Marton, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Jointure made by John , Esquire,

under a Power contained in the Will of James Martin, Esquire, deceased, and rendering the same Power more effectual; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Winterbourne Clenston, in the County of , in Trustees,

for the Right honourable Joseph Lord , and his Heirs, discharged of the several charitable Uses to which the same now Hand limited, and in Lieu thereof to subject and charge the fame, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, whereof the said Joseph Lord Milton is seised in Fee, with the Payment of a perpetual Rent Charge of greater Value, and for other Purposes;

Martoit

Inclosure.

Martin’s

Will-

Lord

Milton's

Estates.

Lord

Milton’s

ElUte*.

Worksop,

ice.

Roads.

Quieting

Corporations*

&C.

Bromley's

Will.

Corn; Registering the Prices.

Dunsforth

Inclosure.

846 30° Martii. A. 1770.

Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of -

bourne Clenston, in the County of in Trustees,

for the Right honourable Joseph Lord , and his Heirs, discharged of the several charitable Uses, to which the same now (land limited, and in Lieu thereof to subject and charge the fame, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, whereof the said 'Joseph Lord Milton is seised in Fee, with the Payment of a perpetual Rent Charge of greater Value, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Worksop, to the Turnpike Road at and from Debdale Hill, to the great Northern Road at South Mujkham, in the County of , was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from Worksop, to the Turnpike Road at , and from

Debdale Hill, to the great Northern Road at South ham, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further Quieting and Establishing Corporations, and for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo , and In*

formations in Nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus, and for regulating Admis-lions into Corporations and Boroughs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Skipwithreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Guardians named in the Will of William Throckmorton Bromley, Esquire, deceased, to make Sale of Timber growing upon Part of his settled Estates, and for investing the Money thereby arising in the Purchase of Lands for the Benefit of his Infant Children, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

County of York, which Bill was, upon the 19th Day of this Instant March, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con-lent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Trial* of into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Two Months j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlen for the Yeas, { JJ; J .13.

(Mr. Thomas Townshend, 1

Tellers for the Noes, < Junior, > 18c,

I Mr. Whateley: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time, upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill, now ingrossed, for dividing Aflibury and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common hdoiuie. Meadows, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ashbury, in the County of Berks, be read the Third Time, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- State of the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Nation. House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to con- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Exports to fider of a Method of registering the Prices at which ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole America. Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act to report their Opinion thereupon to the House. made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Whitbread, Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in Sir Joseph Mawbev, &c.: And they are to meet this the British Colonies and Plantations in America-, for Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon Chamber. the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and

Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing several on China Earthen Ware, exported to America-, and for Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, more effectually preventing the clandestine Running and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, as lays or Territories of Upper Dunsforth and Branton, in the Duties upon Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters 16 Colours,

io Geo. III. 30° Martii. — 2 847

Colours, Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scale- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord boards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Bri- Advocate of Lord Frederick Campbell&C.: tain, imported into any of His Majesty’s Colonies in And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the America. Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

LuncBy 2° dAprilis;

Anno 10° Georgii IIP* Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

Burford, Lord Wenman reported from the Commit-

*c' X tee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Burford, in the County of Oxford, through Ship-ton, Chipping Norton, and Bloxham, to the Borough of Banbury, in the said County; and from Burford aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stowe, in the County of Gloucester, at the End gf Fofs Lane, at the Bottom of Stozve Hill-, and from Szverford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, through to the

Turnpike Road in the Town of in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be

ingrossed.

Great A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

CowdtB mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within

c o lire. Township of Great Cow den in the several Parishes

of Mapleton, and Aldbrough, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Dr. Burrell, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Glasgow Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Commit-Monkiand* to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation. Navigable Cut or Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries, in the Parishes of Old and New,

to the City of Glasgow, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, 4nd found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W’here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

Improvement A Bill to encourage the Improvement of Lands, vf JLaajis. Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of strict Entail, was read a Second Time,

Vol. ja.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening several Stoke Road*. Roads, leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3.1. 10. After " Young," to insert " Love " ley. Clerk, John " liam Creafy, Osbert Denton, Philip " Theodorick, William Clarke Wood-

" bine, Richard Safety, John Mann."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An ACk for amending and widening several Roads leading from The Bell, in Stoke Fer, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edward AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Millet reported from the Committee, to whom Walworth the Bill for dividing certain Commons, or Wastes, in the is»closure. Parish of St. Mary, Newington, commonly called Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and disposing of the fame, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Widow Picrfon, who is Owner of One Common Right, who refused to consent to the Bill; and that the whole Number of Persons who are known to have Common Rights, and their Lessees, arc Sixty-seven)r and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dovebridge for establishing and confirming an Exchange of divers Exchange. Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of in the County of Derby, for other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same Parish, pursuant to an Agreement between John Fitzherbert, Clerk, Matter of Arts, Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Dovebridge, within the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, and Sir Henry Cavendish, Baronet, by and with the Consent of the Patron of the said Vicarage, and the Ordinary of the Diocese, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ca-

vendish, Mr. Fitzherbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ask Stonehouse to enable the Right honourable George Lord Edgecumbe, to Creek grant Building Leases, of Lands, Tenements, and Here- Bn ®e‘ ditaments, within the Manor of Stonehouse, otherwise East Stonehouse, in the County of Drcon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Brett, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

10 G An

Mutiny and Desertion; America.

Earl of

Radnor’s

Estates,

Catwright’s

Estates.

Matterfey

Inclosure.

\A. 1770.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bouverie reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veilingfeveral Lands and Tenements, settled and intailed upon Jacob Pleydell Bouverie, commonly called Viscount

Folkestone, and William Earl or Radnor, and their Issue respectively, by the Will of Sir Mark Stuart Pleydell, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to discharge Incumbrances; and for veiling several Lands and Tenements settled and intailed upon the said Earl and his Issue, by the Will of Sir Edward Des Bouverie, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

x\n ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Cartwright, Esquire, to fell, in Fee Simple, Part of the settled Estates of the said Thomas -wright, to discharge Incumbrances, and for settling the Remainder of the said Estates to the several Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Skipwith, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1 1 .

A Petition of several of the Proprietors and Owners' of Land, and Common Rights, in, over, and upon the Open Fields and Commons, in the Township of Matterfey, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners obfefve, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for. dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Township of Matterfey, in the County of Nottingham; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that their Property will be considerably injured if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Hands: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel,} against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect the Petitioners; or that they may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows;

20

Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Matterfey, in the County of Nottingham, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Westborough Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Ground, Lclosure. within the Township of Westborough and Haddington, in the Manor and Parish of Westborough cum Doddington, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Westborough and Doddington, in the Parish of Westborough cum Doddingtou, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Ormfide Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Ormfide, *Dclosure‘

in the PariQi of Ormfide, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Muf-grave, Mr Tucker, See.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for further Quieting and Establishing Cor- Corporation*, porations, and for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informations in Nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus, and for regulating Admissions into Corporations and Boroughs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-worth, Mr. Ambler, Sec.: And they are to meet this-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices. *

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hurt's for Sale of the settled Estate of the honourable George Estate*. Hobart, in the County of Leicester, and for inverting the Monies to arise from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Howard, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Blount's establishing, ratifying, and confirming, all Sales, Par- Clifford's titions, and Divisiqns, made, or to be made, by virtue Settlements, of the Powers or Authorities contained in the several Marriage Settlements of Sir Walter Blount, Baronet, and the honourable Dame Mary his Wife, and of the honourable Thomas Clifford the Elder, and the honourable Barbara his Wife, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrcnceof this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Aflfor Sale Champnrys of Part of the settled Estates late of Richard Estates.

Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nehhorpe’s vesting the Freehold Estates, late of James Nelthorpe, Estate*. Esquire, deceased ip Trustees, in order that the fame, or a

a sufficifnt

Lock’s

Estates.

Littleport,

Sec.

Roads.

Duke of KingstonY I dales.

elthorpe’! E dates.

2° Apri

849

x o Geo. III.

sufficient Part thereof, may be fold, to ralfe Money to be applied to pay off the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase-money, upon the Trulls and* for the Purposes therein expressed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrent of this House: And allb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the surviving Executor named in the Will of William Locky Esquire, deceased, to lay out the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said William Lock, or some Part thereof, in the Purchase of Estates in ,to

be conveyed, settled, and allured to the Uses, upon the Trulls, and for the Intents and Purposes, and subject to the Powers and Provisoes mentioned, declared, and contained, in and by the said Will, inllead of laying out the same in the Purchase of Estates in ,as

by the said Will is directed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to extend the Provisions in Two Acts, passed in the Third and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge to , and from Ely to Littleport, and to the Bank of the

Foot River, and other Roads therein mentioned, to the

Road from Gibbet Hill to Erith, and from the House of George Farr in, to the House of Love , and for making other Provision for repairing the said Road from Ely to Littleport, and to the Bank of the Hundred Foot River j

and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from Littleport to Chequer Corner, in , in the Counties

of Cambridge and Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to extend the Provisions in Two Acts, passed in the Third and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littleport, and other Hoads therein mentioned, to the Road from Wilburton to and for

making other Provision for repairing the said Road from Ely to Littleport, and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from Littleport, to Chequer Corner, in Downham, in the Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Morgan, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a certain Messuage or Tenement, with the Appurtenances in Arlington Street, in the County of dlesex. Part of the settled Estate of the Moll noble Evelyn Duke of Kingston, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trull for the said Duke; and for settling other Estates of the said Duke to the same Uses as the said Messuage and Premisses now Hand limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee, had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates, late of James,

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in order that the fame, x>r a sufficient Part thereof, may be fold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase-money upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes thereinexpressed, was read the FirstTimc.

Vox.. 32.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Jointure made by John Martin, Esquire, under a Power contained in the Will of James Martin, Esquire, deceased, and rendering the same Power more effectual, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Colebrook presented to the House according to Order, a Bill for compelling Persons dismissed the Service of the East India Company, to depart from the East Indies, and for better regulating the Servants of the said Company; and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioniers of Excise to defray the Expence of building the new Office of Excise in London, out of His Majesty’s Revenues of Excise, not otherwise appropriated: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, to the Southward of Cape

terre, in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the the fame.

r

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Share and Interest of George Rich, Esquire, Second Son of Sir Robert Rich, Baronet, deceased, of and in £.6000, which by the Settlement made on the Marriage of the said Sir Robert Rich with Dame Elizabeth Rich, his now Widow, was secured for the Benefit of their younger Children, in the Executors of the said Sir Robert Rick, as Part of his Personal Estate, pursuant to a Codicil to his Will, made for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That that Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, See.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets and other Public Passages, in the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Rood, Saint Lawrence, A/l Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and East Street and Bagrow, within the Town of Southampton and Liberties thereof, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening, and rendering the same more commodious, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. I.37. To leave out "and after."

1. 37.7 To leave out " passing of this Act,"

1. 38.3 and insert " First Day of March " *770." instead thereof."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets and other Public Passages in the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Rhood, Saint Lawrence,' All Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and East Street and Bag Row, within the Town of Southampton and Liberties thereof, and fer preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more comrao-

' dious,

Martini

WilU

East India Company; respe6>ing dismissed Servants*

Excise

Office.

Rice;

Rich’s

Will.

Southampton

Streets.

American

Colonies.

St, Clement Dunes Nightly Watch,

850 20 Aprilis. 1770.

diou«, and for the lighting and watching the said Streets and Public Passages.

Ordered, That Sir George Tonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain presented to the House, pursuant to their Adressisto His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of his late Majesty’s Commission, under the Great Seal, appointing the Earl of Loudoun Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North America: And also,

N° 2. Copy of his late Majesty’s Commission to the said Earl of Loundon, under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual: And also,

N° 3. Copy of His late Majesty’s Commission, under the Great Seal, appointing Major General Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces in North America: And also,

N° 4. Copy of His late Majesty’s Commission to the Lid Major General Amherjt, under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual: And also,

N° 5. Copy of His present Majesty’s Commission, tinder the Great Seal, appointing Major General Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North America: And also,

N° 6. Copy of His present Majesty’s Commission to the said Major General Amherj, under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual: And also,

N° 7. Copy of His present Majesty’s Commission, under the Great Seal, appointing Major General Gqge Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North America: And also,

N° 8. Copy of His present Majesty’s Commission to the said Major General Gage, under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual: And also,

N° 9. Copy of His present Majesty’s Commission, under the Great Seal, appointing Francis Bernard, Esquire,

Governor and Commander in Chief of the Province of Massachuset's Bay: And also.

N° 10. Copy of a Message from the Assembly of the Massachuset's Bay to Governor ', and of the Governor’s Answer thereto, 31st 1769: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Mcdirge from the Assembly of the Massachuset's Bay to Governor , June 6th 1769,

and of the Governor’s Answer thereto, June 14, 1769. Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, ana employing, the Poor of the Parish of Saint Clement , in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of was committed;

and to whom the Petition of Humphreys , Esquire,. Proprietor of all the Houses in New Btfwell Court, in the Parish of Saint Clement in the Liberty of

Westminster, and County of Middlesex, and of the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses in the said Court, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was rtferred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill: and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iq at the Clerk’s Table: Whci% the Amendments were Opce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-22

upon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingt oiled.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lordh, intituled, An Act for establishing, ratifying, and confirming, all Sales, Partitions and Divisions made, or to be made, by virtue of the Powers or Authorities contained in the several Marriage Settlements of Sir Walter , Baronet, and the honourable Dame Mary his Wife, and of the honourable Thomas Clifford the Elder, and the honourable Barbara his Wife, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the surviving Executor named in the Will of William Lock, Esquire, deceased to lay out the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said William Lock, or some Part thereof, in the Purchase of Estates in Ireland, to be conveyed, settled, and allured, to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes, and subject to the Powers and Provisoes, mentioned, declared, and contained in and by the said Will, instead of laying out the same in the Purchase of Estates in England, as by the said Will is directed, was read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rejohed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a further Encouragement to be given to the Brittjhand Irish Linen Manufactures.

The Bill, now ingrossed, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That if the Name of a Nominee shall happen to be drawn by Lot, his Name may be let aside, and another chosen by Lot, in his (lead; and that if the Parties, or either of them, shall not nominate One, then the Want of such Nomination shall be supplied by Lot, and such Persons shall be liable to the same Objections, as the other Persons chosen by Lot.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 5.1. 24. To leave out " Agent," and insert " Agents,*’ instead thereof.

1. 26* To leave out " Agent," and inlert " Agents," instead thereof.1

Pr. 10. 1. 36. To leave out " this," and insert the," instead thereof.

Pr. 12.I. 29. After "cleared," to insert " if they " shall think proper.".

P. 13.1. 38,7 To leave out " Provided always," and 39. j insert, " And be it further enacted," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Charge made against John Griffiths, Esquire, late High Sheriff of the County of Pembroke,

Orderedt

Blount’*

and

Clifford’*

Settlements.

Lock’*

Estates;

Linen

Manufactures

Trials of Cob troy cited EtcSliaiis.

Privilege,'

Pembroke

Election.

&51

io Geo. III. 20 — 3° Jprilts.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Charge be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

fate of the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to K*tion* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation;

Ordered, That the Account of the several Sums which were due and unpaid, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Expence of His Majesty’s Civil Government, on the 5th Day of January 1769, with the Money applicable towards discharging the fame, and the Debt then remaining unprovided for (which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of February 1769), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money paid out of the Arrears of his late Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the Use of H is present Majesty’s Civil Government, and for the Support and Maintenance of His Houshold and Royal Family, with the Application thereof to each Head of Expence; distinguishing each Year in which such Application was made; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all the Civil List Expences which incurred, or became due, in Eight Years, commencing the ift Day of January 1751, according to the Establishments and other Appointments then in Use; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all the Civil List Expences which incurred, and became due, between the ift Day of January and the 31st of , in every

Year, since His Majesty’s Accession to the Throne, to the 31st of December 1768, according to the Establishments and other Appointments then in Use; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Vincent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed thc4Chair.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon We due [day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wav» Resolved> That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-and Mean*, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Exports to Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-American ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign* intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for difeon-tinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, as lays Duties upon Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Paste-boards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great , imported into any

of His Majesty’s Colonies in.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VOL.

Martis, 3* die A;

Anno to* Georgii III,1! Regis, 1770.

Praters.

MR. Morgan reported from the Committee, to chepflow whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter Roads, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot, in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and G and for re. pairing and widening several other Roads adjoining to the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Notgrove and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable inclolMre* Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Notgrove, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Notgrove, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, And desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, Brandon to from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds to the Town of St Edmund* Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, and Road. from the South End of the Ferry Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Btdmunds, in the said County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4.1. 29. To leave out from " Execution" to " and, " in 1. 32.

Pr. 5. 1. 2t. To leave out "Sevennight," and insert " Month" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bin was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, and from, the South End of the Ferry Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for veiling the Fee Simple and Inheritance of certain Milton’* Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parity of Winterbourne Estate‘-Clension, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, for the Right honourable Joseph Lord Milton, and his Heirs, discharged of the several charitable Uses to which the same now (land limited, and in lieu thereof to subject and charge the fame, and other Lands and Hereditaments in

10 H the

Aulcdler

Jndofure.

Butterton

jMoor,

See. Roads.

St. Andrew, Holborn, Workhouse.

Snffron Hill Workhouse.

Sutton, Sec. Roads.

3® Aprilis. A. 1770:

the same County, whereof the said Joseph Lord Milton, is 1'eifed in Fee, with the Payment of a perpetual Rent Charge of greater Value, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bond, Lord George Cavendish, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and the Midsummer and Lammas and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, and the Common or Waste Ground called Aulcester Heath, within the Manor of Aulcester, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and the Midsummer and Lammas and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, and the Common or Waste Ground called Aulcefrtr Heath, within the Manor of ,in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Methuen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, of the Counties of Stafford and Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Roads from Butterton Moor End, near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three-Mile Stone, upon the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the

Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to near

Newhaven, in the County of Derby; and that the Road from JVarJlow, to Etton Mine, in the Parish of Wet ton, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred tothcCon-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Methuen, Lord John Ca'~ vev.dish. See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoiford and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of Saint Andrew, Holborn, London, to purchase a Workhouse; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Workhouse, for the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Pari lb of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the county of ;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term, granted by an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of by

Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Hill, to Ewell; and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Peble Hill, in the said County, and for impowering the Trustees, appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First,. for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and SitJJsx, to make a yearly Allowance to the Trustees ap-21

Bigglefwadc,

&c.

Roads.

Halt Gate Roads-

pointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, and putting them under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for re-, pairing the Itoad from Povey Cross, in the County of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and-Sttffex i and also the Road from Woodhatch to Peteridgt Lane, in the County of Surrey; without any Amend-: ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts, for repairing and amending the Road from in \

the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon-, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Bhrford,

and Saint Neot's, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Clyde Bridge, for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanerk, and for

making and repairing certain Roads and Avenues lead-, ing to the same; without any Amendment: And also, t

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act King’s Lynn for repairing and widening the Roads, from the East-Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimflone, and to the Gate near Hillington, on Congham Common, and to the North End of ley Lane, in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also,

- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads from the:

South Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of East :Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk: without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. Neots for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Inclosure. Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed -to the Bill, intituled, An Act' for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields', Commonable.Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Souldrop, in the County of Bedford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to:the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and for regulating Weights and Measures, within the Parish of Saint Mary de Bo’ne, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from Whitchurch,> in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Little Stretton, in the Parish of Norton, and County of Leicester -, without any Amendment: And also,

.5 The

Kind's Lynn, 5outh Gate Road*.

WtrlUbourn

Mourrtfdrd*

Sec.

Road.

Souldrop

inclosure.

Stoke

Goldington

Inclosure.

Mary le Bone Nightly Watch, See.

Whitchurch,

Sec.

Roads.

Stretton

Inclosurt.

K'ormanton iU>on Soar inclosure.

"Earl of A vtaford’s Estates.

Arrington

Pijrotis

D

inclosure.

Foxton

inclosure.

Macclesfield,

&c.

Roads.

Sheffield

Hospital.

10 Geo. III. 30 Aprilis.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pasture, and all other Open, Common, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Nor man ton upon Scar, in the County of Nottingham ,without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estates of Charlotte Countess of Aylesford, and her Issue, in Earl of

and his Heirs; and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of the

Estates of the said Earl, of greater and better Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Refold, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Abington , otherwise Abington in the Clay, in the county of ,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Abington otherwise Abington in the Clay, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered \That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Foxton, in the County of was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Foxton, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Fernille, in the County of Der, leading to Chapel in the Frith, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Fernille, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, pasted in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York and Derby, for the Maintenance of the poor Persons in the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of long fi nee

deceased,'situate at Sheffield, in the said County of , and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Hospital, and adding more poor Persons to those already established therein, and for enlarging^the Powers contained in the said Act, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the ( Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties ^concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee Jiad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the 'Clerk’s Table. _

Vol. 22.

And the said Bill was read the Tkird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Serenoakei, to whom the Bill for continuing, amending, and ren- &c-

dering more effectual, so much of Three Acts of Parlia- oa *

ment, for repairing the Roads from Sevenoakes, 'Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullin's Hill, in the County of K, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Suffer, as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, that no Counsel attended in Support of the Petitions presented against the said Bill,

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for searching Fish Carriages.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, inflicting a Penalty on Riders or Drivers refuting to suffer such Carriages to be inspected.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part *

of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Turner reported from the Committee, to whom Dwuforth the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Inclosure. Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township or Territories of Upper Dunsforth and Branton, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 77 Acres of Field Land, Two Messuages, and Two Cattle Gates, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, but said they were not against the Inclosure; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed contain 598 Acres, the Number of Messuages having Right of Common are and the Cattle Gates are 21); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill.; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read . the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed. That some other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider

1

Chsmpneys

Eilate*.

Eafington

Inclosure.

Sot: th Mims Road.

Stockport,

&c.

RosJi.

Dunbar1*

Complaint

of

Ennbeizlwient.

854 30 Apri 1770*

cnnfider of a further Encouragement to be given to the British and Irish Linen Manufactures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the lettled Estates late of Rickard Champneys Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Eajington in in the Eall

Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Mr.

Mr.: Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

Mr. Raddiffereported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Three Acts, for repairing the Highways, through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties

of Hertford and Middlesex, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the 5th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxons Lane End, in the County

bf Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned,

was read the 7 hird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the 5th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and wtdening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxons Lane End, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in tb« said Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Grosvenor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Nicholas Dunbar, at First Paymaster to the Regiment of Surrey Milita, and, after the Division of the Regiment into Two Battalions, some Time Paymaster to the First Battalion thereof was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition: a State whereof, together with the Rdolution of the Committee thereupon, they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition, together with the Opinion of the Committee thereupon, is as followeth; viz.

It appeared to your Committee, that the Petitioner had applied to Mr. Ellis then Secretary at War, for Copies of Accounts of Surrey Militia, as passed at the War Office; but it not being customary to grant such Copies, the Petitioner applied to the Duke of Grafton 21

by Letter, wherein he told his Grace there was a Secretion of Public Money; upon which his Grace directed the proper Officers to make Enquiry into the Com-pliint, and Mr. Smith, by Lord Barrington'% Direction* desired Mr. Dunbar's Attendance at the War Office* where he attended and took Extrads Three or Four Days together: That having made Objections to several Items in Mr. Fitter's Account, the same were inquired into at the War Office, and found to be regular.

Then the Petitioner, in order to make good his Charge, desired that the Non-effectice Accounts which he alledges in his Petition to have seen at the War Office* might be produced to your Committee; which being accordingly done by the proper Officer, Mr. Dunbar fixed upon the Sum of £.4,135.19/. id. charged in the said Accounts as vacant Pay of Officers and Non-effectice Pay of Non-commission Officers and Private Men, which lie said Mr. Fitter had never accounted for to the Public.

Upon which your Committee examined John Esquire, Accountant to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, who produced the Paymaster General’s Books; whereby it appeared; that the said Sum of £.4,135. 19*. id. had never come the Hands of Mr. Fitter, but was Hopped at the Pay Office by vir-

tue of His Majesty's Respite Warrants, which is the uniform Practice in similar Cafes; and it further appeared, that the said Sum made Part of Two grols Sums, the Savings upon the vacant Pay of Officers, and Non-effectice Money of the several Regiments of Militia during the late War, which several Sums were applied by Parliament to the Public Service, by Votes of the 7th Day of April 1764, and the 2d Day of April 1765, in Aid of German Claims.

The Petitioner then fixed upon a Sum of £» 750. iSa. 2 d.stopt by the Pay Office for Poundage, and Hospital, and Officers Pay, which he said Mr. Fitter had charged Twice, but it appeared by the Account delivered in by Mr. Filter, that he had given Credit for the full Pay of the Regiment as voted by Parliament: That the said Sum of £. 750. 1 6s.id. had been stopt by the Pay Office; and consequently Mr. Fitter must be reimbursed by charging it against the Officers Pay, which had been, done accordingly, and appeared to be the Practice of the whole Army.

Then the Petitioner said, That Mr. Fitter had charged £. 660. 6s. 6 d.as drawn from him by the Petitioner to December 1760, for the Pay of the First Battalion of the Surrey Militia, whereas the Petitioner had only drawn for £. 659. 8r. so that there was an Over-charge of iSr. 6 d.in Answer to which Mr. Fit per produced the Petitioner’s own Account to that Tjdie by which it appeared he had only charged the Petitioner with £. 651. $s.

Then the Petitioner fixeef upon Two Articles in Mr. Fitter's Account; viz. 10 s.6d. and £. 5. 5;. for the First Sum charged as paid at the War Office, for a Warrant fora Court Martial; the 2d for a Debenture Warrants which appeared by the Teffimony of several Agents present, and the Clerks of the War Office, to be the ulua! Fees received in that Office for I'imc immemorial, from the whole Army upon the like Occasions.

He then charged Mr. Fitter with the several Sums of £. 587. 17j. 1 id. and £. 1,041. i 4 but it appeared by the Pay Office Accounts, that those Two Sums were included in the before-mentioned Sum of £-4,135- 19*. 1 d.which was stopt by the Pay Office from Mr. Fitter, as vacant Pay of Officers, and Non-effe&ive Money.

Then the Petitioner being asked. If he had any further Matter to offer in Support of his Petition ? he said* He could not answer the Question, as he found the Committee did not understand the Accounts.

Then Mr. Fitter produced to your Committee Two

Letters, One dated June 3d 1763, from Mr. Dunbar to Mr. Oldham, werein he writes:

" I have, since I saw you, ftiewn the Account to some " of the Trade of Agents not concerned in the Militia, " who are surprised at Mr. Fitter's Conduct, as my Dif-

*i tribution,

io Geo. III. ' 3® Aprilis. 855

" Iribution is his Voucher. I wish he don’t find in the " End, that if he had not used me ill, he might have " been some Thousands of Pounds richer, and the Trade never had undergone lb nice a Disquisition as this will " certainly bring on; the Consequences of both are nothing to me, my Affair is only to try to do wyself " Justice."

Another, dated 27th November 1763, to Mr. Fitter, including an Account of Money received for the Surrey Militia, whereby it appears, that he charges Mr. Fitter with the Sum of £.6,621. 14 2 in a distinct Article, which was before charged in the same Account, as Part of an Article of £. 13,115. 13*. 4 a Copy of which Account is hereunto annexed, N° 1.; and in the said Letter is the following Paragraph:

Now, Sir, pay me the Balance of my last Distribution, and I have nothing more to do but to wish you " Success in your Business, and our Affairs are at an " End: If you do not, these Accounts mull go before *' the King, and every Member of the legislative and cxe-* cutive Powers of this Kingdom."

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petition of Major Nicolas , at first Pay-

masser of the Regiment of Surrey Militia, and, after the Division of the Regiment into Two Battalions, sometime Paymaster of the First Battalion thereof, presented to the House, upon the Twenty-first Day of February last, has not been proved in any Particular, and is frivolous, groundlels, vexatious, and scandalous, and highly injurious to Mr. Fitter and Mr.

APPENDll N’n Surrey Militia.

From the Jd July to the 24th December £. s. d.

1759 :.....ton 5 —

ill Battalion, from the 25th December

1759 to the December 1760 - 6,639 17 — 2d Battalion, from the 25th December

17 59to the 25th April 1760 - - 2,099 8 4

Same Battalion, from the 25th April to

the 24 December 1760, for 244 Days 4,341 3 4

Both Battalions, from the 24th of December 1760 to the 25 of December 1761, being 365 Days - i3>"5 *3 4

From the 25th of December 1761 to the 24th of December 1762, 448 Men, for 365 Days, being the First Battalion - 6,621 14 2

Both Battalions, 448 Men each, for 365

Days, from the 25th of Decem 1761 to the 24th December 1762 - - 13,11513 4

London, November 27th 1763.

S 1 R,

" 1 hope you will agree in this, that it is as natural " for me to feck for the Money due by my Account, as " it is for you to endeavour to keep that Money in your " own Hand, and thereby constitute yourself the foie " Judge of my Account.

" My Friend, who procured me the above from the " Table of the'House he has the Honour to fit in, has " laid his Commands upon me, to fend the above to " you, to put it in your Power to do me Justice in an " amicable Way, or that you may for ever afterwards f‘ acknowledge, that 1 have done every Thing a Gentleman could do to prevent future Trouble.

" Let me, Sir, add a Word to the above from myself. " Are not the respective Sums above your Debt to u the Militia from the Government ? Are not the Pay-matter’s Distributions your Credit? Add then to these " Distributions the Colonel and Agent’s Pay; the Balance soon is known.

Vol. 32.

" Now, Sir, pay me the Balance of my last Distribution, and 1 have nothing more to do, but to wish you " Success in your Business, and our Affairs are at an " End: If you do not, these Accounts must go before " the King, and every Member of the legislative and " executive Powers of this Kingdom.

" I beg your Answer, addressed for me at Young " Coffee House, Buckingham Court, any Time ’twixt this

" and Wednesday next, the 30th Instant, by 12 at Noon;

" and if I do not hear from you against that Time, I " shall then take it for granted that you are satisfied I " have done every Thing that can be expected from a " Gentleman, and thia Letter will be my Witness.

" I am, Sir,

" Your most obedient humble Servant,

Nicolas

The said fcesolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 10th Day of June 1737, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, upon the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and great Numbers of the Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hutton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of Saint,

Holborn, Saint Dunfian, Stepney, Saint Paul, Shadwell,

Saint Arnie, in Middlesex, Saint , in Middlefek. Saint Luke's, Middlesex, and Saint James, Cderkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Parishes in the said County; and also the Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, in their General Sessions assembled, were referred, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Fort Major Nicolas Dunbar, who was the Author of the said Petition, and presented the same to this House with a View to extort Money from Mr. Fitter, which Petition this House has resolved to be frivolous, groundless, vexatious, and scandalous, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Delays of Justice, by Reason of Privilege of Parliament: And that Mr. Onslow, Mr. Thomas shend. Junior, the Lord North, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Dyson, Lord John Cavendiffi, Sir William

Mr. Fane, General Conway, the Lord Strange, and Mr; Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Ad-drefe be presented to his Majesty, that He will be gra-cioully pleased to order some Provision to be made for Henry Hill, Esquire, who, having for upwards of Twenty-eight Years attended as a Servant of this House* has, during the last Sixteen Years, faithfully executed the Office of Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and is now obliged to resign the fame, from his ill State of Health, contracted by a diligent and assiduous Discharge of his Duty in the Execution of the said Office.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners of Excise to defray the Expence of building the new Office of Excise in London, out of His Majesty’s Revenues

10 I of

Dunbar’*

Complaint

against

Embezzlement.

Privilege

of

Parliament;

Bill

respecting

Serjeant at Arm*.

Excise

Office.

Hice.

Civil Li.7.

856 3* ApriUs. A. 1770.

of Excise not other wise appropriated: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitivorthpresented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for extending like Liberty* in the Exportation of Rice from and West , to

the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in , as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia: And the same was received 1 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, representing, in the most reljicCtful and dutiful Manner, that it appears to this House, that the Expences on His Majesty’s Civil List, from his Accession, to the 5th Lay of January 1769, have exceeded the In*

come of all His Majesty’s annual Revenues, applicable to the tJfc of His Majesty’s Civil Government, and the Support and Maiutenanc» of His Houshold and Royal Family, in the Sum of 686,116/. 5 and that it

appears also to this House, thai the Expences on His Majesty’s Civil List, in the Year ending 31st ber 1768, being the last Year for which any Account has been laid before this House, amounted to the Sum of 898,077/. ijr. ${d. which greatly exceeds the Income of all His Majesty’s Revenues applicable as aforesaid to the Use of His Majesty’s Civil Government, and the Support ind Maintenance of His Houshold and Royal Fahiily; and to express, in the most humble Manner, the Opinion of this House, that the said ExpenceS Ought to be donfined within the Income of His Majesty’s said Revenues; and humbly and earnestly to intreat His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that such Retrenchments be made in the said Expences, as may reduce them within the Income of His Majesty’s laid Revenues j alluring His Majesty, that, as this House has, upon all Occasions, given the most evident Proofs of its Zeal and Affection for His Majesty, and particularly in the late Provision for the Payment of the Debt on the Civil List, so we cannot better Discharce the Duty we owe to His Majesty, and give Proof of the Continuance of our Zeal and Affection for His Person, His Royal Family and His Government, than by humbly offering this Request to His Majesty, in order that His Servants may be induced to practise that Oeconomy, which will tend most to the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty’s Crown, the Satisfaction of His own. Royal Mind, and the Content of His People j that we shall be always willing and ready to grant such Supplies as may be Wanted, on all necessary Occasions; but that we cannot but be anxious on the Part of our Constituents, to be Relieved from the Appearance of repeated Demands, growing out of Expences, for the Continuance of which* there does not appear to this House any Necessity, and for the Reduction of which, within the Bounds of His Majesty’s Income, no Assurance has been given;

The House was moved, that so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the Ninth Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, as allures this House, " that His Majesty will endeavour to confine the Expences of His Civil Government within such Bounds as the Honour " of His Crown can possibly admit," might be read.

And the fatne was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, representing, in the most respectful and Dutiful Manner, that it appears to this House, that the Expences on His Majesty’s Civil List, from His Accession, to the 5th Day of January *769, have exceeded the Income of all His Majesty’s annual Revenues, applicable to the Use of His Majesty’s Civil Government, and the Support and Maintenance of His Houshold and Royal Family, in the

14

Sum of 6S6,t j6/. 5 s.8 J.; and that it appears also to this House, that the Etpences on His Majesty’s Civil List, in the Year ending 31st December 1768, being the last Year for which any Account has been laid before this House, amounted to the Sum of 898,077/. is, which greatly exceeds the Income bF all His Majesty’s Revenues applicable as aforesaid to the Use of His Majesty’s Civil Government, and the Support and Maintenance of His Houshold and Rbyal Family; and to express, in the most humble Manner, the Opinion of this House, that the said Expences ought to be confined within the Income of His Majesty's said Revenues j and humbly and earnestly to intreat His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that such Retrenchments be made in the said Expences, as may reduce them within the Income of His Majesty’s said Revenues; alluring His Majesty, that as this House has, upon all Occasions, given the most evident Proofs of its Zeal and Affection for His Majesty, and particularly in the late Provision for the Payment of the Debt on the Civil List, so we cannot better discharge the Duty we owe to His Majesty, and give Proof of the Continuance of our Zeal and Affection for His Person, His Royal Family, and His Government, than by humbly offering this Request to His Majesty, in order that His Servants may be induced to practise that Oeconomy, which will tend most to the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty’s Crown, the Satisfaction of His own Royal Mind, and the Content of His People; that we shall be always willing and ready to grant such Supplies as may be wanted, on all necessary Occasions; but that we cannot but be anxious on the Part of our Constituents, to be relieved from the Appearance of repea^fd Demands, growing out of Expences, for the Continuance of which, there does not appear to this House any Necessity, and for the Reduction of which, within the Bounds of His Majesty’s Income, no Assurance has been given;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliratient, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1769; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the First-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfdf into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Consequences of the Expulsion of Members of this House;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America -, for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of

Goods.

Land Tax>

CommissionuJ*

Names*

Expulsion tf Members,

Exports to American Colonies*

6

o

io Geo. Hi.

3

Goods in the said Colonies and Plantation?, as lays Duties upon Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scale-boards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great tain, imported into any of His Majesty's Colonies in America;

Ordered, That it lie an Instructkm to the said Cdm-mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for repealing so much of the said Act, as discontinues the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Cofn-mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

be, An Act for dividing and Inelpfing certain Oped Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Raft Newton, in the Parish of Aldborough, in Holdertiefs,

in the County of York. ....

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do tarry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill tof rebuilding the Common Gaol of Effes. . the County of Essex, was read the Third Time. County GoaL

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6.1. i 7.1 To leave out Justices of the Peace 18.J "for the said County of Essex" and insert " Trustees herein-before named,* u and the Survivors of them and " their Heirs," instead thereof.

Arid the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Sir William Maynard do carry the Bill tb the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stafford

Wiit.

Stafford and Worcester N avigation.

tad

Newtoa

Inclosuie.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St, in the County of Stafford, in the room of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Chetwynd, in the Kingdom deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

firfa.I. fc . a. — -- - . — . — ~ i. — me 1|

Mercurii-, 4.* die;

Anno to* Georgii III*" Regis, 1770. PrayeRs.

SIR John Wrottefiey repotted from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Severn, between Bewdley and Tilton , in the County of Worcester, to crols the River Trent, at or near Hey wood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the said River Trent and the River Mtrjey, and for granting further Powers for that Purpose, was, committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing ihd inclosing ceftairi Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of East Newton, in the Parish of , in

Hdderness, in the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title VOL.

Mr: Methuen reported froth the Committee, to whom Bimfrtoa the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, of the Counties of Stafford and Derby, was referred; That the Ro*d*. Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; arid is aa followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr.

Henry Watts, laid that the Road from Warjlow to Eel on Mine, in the Parish of Wetton, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Parts, arid incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Coriimittee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Roads from Butter loti Mbor End, near 0;/-cott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone upon the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to AJlibwrne, in the County of Derby, and from B/ackton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashbohie, near in the County of Derby, is committed; That they have Power, to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Warjlow to Efton Mine, in the Parish of Wetton, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fof rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made in the last Selfion rectify a of Parliament, intituled, An Act, for better securing MiltaW. the Duties tif Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places, to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, in the Province of Senegambia, in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotlandi a proper Compenfa* tion for their Trouble and Expences j for the better Preserv&tion of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and Private Grounds, and bf Trees and Underwoods, in Forests and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation bf a limited Quantity of an. inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney: And that Sir Whitworth and Mr. Cooper do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

Aflibufe

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Downs,

ie

Rice.

Office.

Papers prefen ted; Scotland.

Land TtK;

Conmiiflionct*

Names*

4® Aprilis.

A. 1770.

Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ashbury, in the County of Berks;

And the House being informed, that no Counsel attended in Support of the Petition presented against the said Bill;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olvedThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ashbttry, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice, from East and West to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Europe, as is granted by former

Acts of Parliament to Carolina and , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners of Excise to de» fray the Expence of building the new Office of Excise in London, out of His Majesty’s Revenues of Excise

not otherwise appropriated, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, several Papers, intituled,

Contract of Agreement between His Majesty’s Commissioners and John Duke of 1.768: And also,

Contract of Agreement between the King’s Commissioners and John Duke of , 1768: And also,

Contract of Agreement between His Majesty’s Commissioners and his Grace the Duke of 1768:

And also.

Letter from the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, transmitting Certificate of the Claims of Debt ftiftained on the Forfeited Estate of Callart: And also.

Letter from the Barons of Exchequer in , to

the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, accompanying Certificate of Debts on the Forfeited Estate of Evan , late of

Cltrny: And also.

Letter from the Barons of Exchequer in with Certificates of Debts on the Forfeited Estates of Cromarty, Arnprior, Barrifdale, and Monaltry: And also.

Letter from the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, transmitting Certificates of the Claims of Debt sustained on the Forfeited Estates of Kinlofhmoydart, Ardfhtil, and Lochiel.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other

' Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act

' *7 -

made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the First-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee#

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing, amending, and ren- Sevenoaket, dering more effectual, lo much of Three Acts of Par- *c.

liament, for repairing the Roads from Sevenoakes, Tim- K°a(h*

bridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, to Lamberkurst and Pullin's Hill, in the County of Kent, and to well Vent, in the County of Sujfese, as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20.1. 35. To leave out " if any" and insert " No" instead thereof.

1. 39. To leave out He shall for evefy " such Offence forfeit the Sum of " Five Pounds."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much or Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sevenoakes, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullin's Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from

Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of Kent.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do. carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Fuller, Colonel Privilege of Onslow, and Sir Robert Clayton, be added to the Gentle- Parliament; men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to prevent Delays of Justice by Reason of Privilege of Ditto"8 Parliament.

Mr. Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent Delays of Justice by Reason of Privilege of Parliament; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Q the further Quieting and Establishing Corporations, and Corporationi, for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informations in Nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writ? of Mandamus, and for regulating Admilftons into Corporations

N. B. The Reason for the above. Amendment appears in the Clerk’* Minute Book of this Day.

\ and

o

e

king’s Lynn Small Debts.

Watchett

Harbour.

Account presented; linens.

Exports to American Colonies.

jo Geo. III.

4 —

and Boroughs, was committed, be difehafged from proceeding upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of ftnall Debts, within the Borough of King's Lynn, and the Liberties thereof; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing the Duties granted and continued by several Acts, made in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Harbour and Quay of Watchettin the County of So-merj'et without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers.withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in attended

at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Money has been paid in Scotland, for Bounties on the Exportation of and Irish

Linens, from the First Day of May 1756, to the First Day of January 1770; distingtli filing each Year, and how much for Irish, and how much for , Linens.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty *s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Custotns, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, as lays Duties upon ' Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of His Majesty’s Colonies in , was committed j the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that no Drawback shall be allowed on China, unless the same shall be packed up in the Presence of an Officer.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which bfing filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to V01..32.

Apritis. $£9'

Order, a Bill for explaining and rendering mote offfiftual Exports to several Acts, for providing a public Rewardtof -jdHEo- Arfiewcsa " vering the Longitude at Sea, for improving the; Lunar: Colonies.

Tables constructed by the late Professor , and for encouraging Discov.eries and Improvements useful to< Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time. - . *

Resolved, That tKe Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read; . .;

Resolved,.That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mean*. House, to consider. further. of . Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

: And* then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

X.

Jovis, 5* dieAp;

Anno 10° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

MR. Methuen reported from the Committee, to whom Butterton the Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and alter- Moor, ing, the Roads from Butterton Moor End, near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone upon the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to in the County of Derby, and from BlacktonMoo in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, near Nezvhaven, in the County of Derby, was Committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afeerwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to Speenhambod whom the Bill to continue the Term, and vary and en- fnd large the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twelfth Year Roads!*'* of the Reign of King George the First, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways, from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Cuddon:

10 K Mr.

Plymouth Street* ►

WildenFerry

to

Runcorn

Gap

Navigation.

JBromyard

Road.

Stoke Road*.

860 5* Aprilis. A. 1770.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of mouthy in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden , in the County of Derby, to the River Merfty, at or near Runcorn Gap, and for granting further Powers for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of H,therein mentioned, and for amending several other Roads adjoining thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening several Roads, leading from the Bell in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage in Pall Mail, and the Pictures and Furniture thereunto belonging, in George Earl of Orford, discharged from certain Trusts created thereof; and for settling Freehold Lands, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the Uses therein mentioned; to which the Lords detire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed. That Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1769 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the Fifth Day of April 1770, and the Parts remaining un&tisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Earl of

Or ford's £fhle*

Accomt

presented*

DispositSo* of Grant*

An ACCOUNT shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1769 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads; until the 5th Day of April 1770, and the Farts remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

D

H-

n'

CD

Q_

CT

C

o

h*

00

ra

CO

SERVICES.

"For the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 16,000 Men, Including 4,287 Marines, from the 1st of January 1769 ——

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1769 -

\ Towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done, upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1769 -

Towards paying off, and discharging the Debt of the Navy ——

IFor Ordnance, Sea Service ——

For Ditto, Land Service ——

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for-by Parliament, in 1768 -

Towards erecting a Magazine for Gunpowder at Priddy's Hard, in Portsmouth Harbour ——

For defraying the Charge.of 17,142 Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forccsln Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year 1769 ——

Formaintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons, in the Plantations, and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in Aorth America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year 1769 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of 5 Battalions and Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded Islands', for the Year 1769

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1769 -

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay for 365 Days, for the Year 1769, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions, reduced from 10 to 9 Companies, and who remained on Half-pay at the 24th Day of December 1765 -

For Pensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces ami Marines, for the Year 1769

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1769 -

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the 2 Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the 4Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1769 -

Towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1769

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of Ills Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred to the 23d Day of JJtcember 17CS, and not provided for by Parliament ——

V.

£- ». *

790,400----

+10,255 8 1

482413----

400,000-----

41,600----

*77.947 18 ~

43,812 19 — 4,000----

602,673 15 7 *

397.835 18 7i

4,661 12 7 12,203 18 ££

4*7^3 5 —

1,480-----

127,020-----

G331----

107*394 15 10

238,537 2 2$

Sums voted.

£. s. d.

1,883,068 8 1

267,360 17 —

L497*92i 8 4

Sums paid.

£. s. d.

1,828,057 — *]\

267,360 17 —

L497*92l 8 4

Remains to be paid.

£. d.

55.011 7 5l

00

(continued) *

'stftMty , S III 03£) 01

(Conti lined)

For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 17/59

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 24th of June 1768 to the 24th of June 1769 - -

For defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 24 of June 1768 to the 24 of June 1769 ....

For defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 24 of June 1768 to the 24 of June 1769 - -- -- -- - # .

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year 1769

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Government of Senegambia, for the Year 1769.....- . - .

To Charles Dingley, Merchant, in Reward for having erected and brought to Perfection, for the Benefit of the Public, a Wind Saw Mill, for manufacturing Timber into Wainscot and Deals, and for his Loss by the Destruction of the said Mill, by a Number of riotous and disorderly Persons ..

To discharge the Arrears and Debts due and owing upon the Civil List, on the 5th Day of January 1769 ....

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which was issued by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of Addresses of the House of Commons Towards carrying on an additional Building, for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons ....

Towards enabling the Governors of the Hospital for exposed and deserted Young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th of March 1760, from the 31st of December 1768, exclusive, to the 31st of Dccetnber 1769, iuclusive.

To enable the Governors of the said Hospital to put out Apprentice such Children as w ere received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th of March 1760

To repay to the Governors of the said Hospital, the Monies advanced by them, for apprenticing such Children as aforesaid, over and above the Sums granted by Parliament for that Purpose - ....

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements, on the Coast of Africa ....

For the more effectually repairing the Fort of Cape Coast Castle, on the Coast of Africa

To the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, to assist the said Company in carrying on their Trade -

For making a new Road at the Foot of the Mountain of Penmaen Mawr -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the ‘Deficiency of the Fuifd for paying Annuities, granted £. s. d.

Anno 1758, on the 5th Day of July 1768 47,531 18 6

[To replace to Ditto the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted A0 1763, on

the 5th of April 1768 - -.....----- 18,930 3 4i

C,

p

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1767, at Lady Day 1769 .

To make j»‘ood the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1767, at Michaelmas 1769 ....

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1768 ——

Towards the Extraordinary Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act of Parliament l* Georgii 3til -

To p;«v off and discharge the principal Sum of JT. 1,800,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 8° Georgii 3tU, and charged upon the First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1769, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery granted by an Act 90 Georgii 3d1 ——

) or Discount on prompt Payments by the Contributors to the said Lottery, for Rewards to the Bank of England, for receiving the Contributions to, and paying the Prices in, the said Lottery, and also for Rewards and incident Charges attending the preparing and drawing the same, and for taking in Tickets, and making out Certificates in lieu thereof ——

II

1

4>375 17

3,086----

4.750-----

4,800----

l,785 4 —

5,550 -

2,000-----

4,375 17 3,086 — — 4,750 -

4,800 — — 1,785 4 — 5,550 -

2,000----'

11

513,511 513,5U

16,500 I 16,500

3,000 I 3,000

19,957 10 — 1 19,957 10 —

5,600 I 5,600

3,231 16 — 3,231 16 —

13,000 I 13,000

2,000 I 2,000 — —

5,000 1 5,000

2,000 I 2,000 — —

1 1°J I 66,462 1 1 of

11 I 133,747 1 1 af

l8 si 212,503 18 Si

1 7 i 186,043 1 7 i

1 7» 1 6,706 1 7*

6 3i I 1,839,745 6 3i

600,000----

14,051 — 10

7,317,757 3 31

600,000 — —

M,o5i — 10

00

Os

cn

5*

7,262,745 15 10

55,oi 1 7

5*

Ways and Means towards the said Services.

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

O'

Wi £- s. d.

r 750,000 ——

1 >500,000 ——

'>800,000 ——

780.000 ——

135*177 15 6* - -

1,664,822 4 5I - -

400.000 ——

30,000------- .

4,405 11 ni . _

30,500 ——

59J79 8 si - -109,864 19 4f - -

H

o

r

7,264,649 19 9»

53.107 3 6 -

7-317.757 3 3!

By the Malt Duty continued Amo 1769.

Bv 3 sh. per Lib. on Land.

By Exchequer Bills charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

By a Lottery.

Of the Sinking Fund, remaining in the Exchequer on 5th April 1769, for Disposition of Parliament.

Out of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund.

Of Money payable by the East India Company, pursuant to an Act 7® Georgii 3th.

Out of the Produce of the several Duties directed by Acts of Parliament to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

Out of the Duties upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, granted by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU.

Out of Monies arisen by Sale of Lands in the Islands ceded to His Majesty by the late Treaty of Peace.

Of Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament.

Out of Money remaining unapplied of Whiter Stoppages of the Regiments of Cavalry serving in Germany in the last War, and of the Balance of the Stock Purse Account of 2 Regiments of Cavalry; out of Monies due upon the final Account of William Earl of Chatham, formerly Paymaster General of the Forces; out of the final Account of Thomas Calcrcft, Esquire, late Paymaster of the Bounties to Officers Widows; and out of Monies remaining in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

- Deficiency of Wav* and Mean*.

O

The Deficiency of the Ways and Means granted towards satisfying the above Service, is -r

The several Duties directed by Acts of Parliament, to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America, having been given for £. 30,000; but the same having produced into the Exchequer to this 5th Day of April 1770, no more than £. 28,095. 165. — Jd. occasions a further Deficiency of ——

£ 4. d.

53.107 3 6

1,904 3 llf

Which if added to the above Sum, the total Deficiency of the Grants will amount to

55.011 7 5f

-- -«r==»

Memorandum:

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided; are as follow; viz.

For the late Marine Regiments -

For the late African Company's Creditors -

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496. 19 s. 1 }d.

Towards building a Lazaret -

£. s. d. 10,506 5 2f 900 12 10

570 17 7*

5,000-----

Z-16.977 15 7l

Presented this 5th Day of April 1770, by

tV. Speer.

00

ON

10 Geo. III. 5° Aprilis.

864

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

St. James, Mr. Sandxs presented to the House, according to Or-WPayinster c^er’ a Bill for repealing several Acts, passed for paving,

ins’ cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of , and Parts

adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint James; and for better paving, cleansing. and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who have petitioned this House against repealing several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of , Saint James, and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lat.es, and other Places, within the said Parish, be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon the SeCond Reading thereof, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions,

Westminster A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe-

Paving. cution ti)e several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the said City and Liberty of , and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have continued to put the said Acts in Execution with great Diligence, and have made great Progress in the Works thereby dire died to be done; which, they presume, has been of great Public Benefit and Convenience j and that the Petitioners find it impossible to proceed in the Execution of the said Acts, without further Powers: And therefore praying the House, to grant the Petitioners such Relief in the Pretnifes as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be. referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles , Mr.

Sandys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Preservation Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according

of Game, to Order, a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and to make some further Provisions, in order to prevent both the unwarrantable and unseasonable Destruction of the Game in general, and to establish, in some Cafes, more efficient Modes of Proceeding for the Punishment of Offenders: And the same was received; and read die First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

I anti Tax t Sir Charles Whitworth* according to Order, reported

ComnuflioiieiV from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Names. gjj for rc<5Vifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Adk made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

*5

A. 1770.

1769; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1770, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill} and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, was, with several Amendments thereto, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act made in the Sixth Stafford Year of His present Majesty, for making and main- and

taining a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the River WorcWUr Severn, between Bewdley and ‘Tilton Brook, in the County avl8ai, jn* of Worcester, to cross the River Trent, at or near Heyzvood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Cana! intended to be made between the said River Treat, and the River Mersey, and for granting further Powers lor that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Severn, between

Bezvdley, and Tilton Brook, in the County of to

cross the River Trent, at or near Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the said River Trent and the River Mersey, and for granting further Powers for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Sir John Wrottesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Coun- Onnfide cil, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Appleby, in the Involute. County of Westmoreland:And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, being Tenants and Owners of Lands and Tenements in Scat ter gate and Burrells, within the Manor of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for dividing intospecific Allotments the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Ormfide, in the County of Westmorelandi and that the Petitioners and their Ancestors have for Time immemorial exercised and enjoyed a Right of Common in and upon the said Common and Waste Grounds; and that the Petitioners have not given their Consent to the said Bill, nor have they been consulted relating thereto, although they are so greatly interested therein:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that the House will grant them such other Relief in the Pretnifes as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Great Ormfide, in the Parish of Ormfide, in the County of Westmoreland, is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Pembroke thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the County of E1«dion. Pembroke, on Behalf of themselves and other Freeholders

Aprilis.

io Geo. III. 50

holders of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by Magna Chart a, no County Court shall be held but from Month to Month; and that by an Act of 34th and 35th Henry Eighth, made for certain Ordinances in the King’s Dominion, and Principality of Wales, it is enacted, that the Sheriffs of the Shires in Wales shall keep their County Courts Monthly as is used in England ;and that by an Act 2d of Edward the Sixth, it is enacted, no County Court or Courts, to be kept within this Realm shall be longer deferred but One Month from Court to Court, and so the said Courts shall be kept every Month, and none otherwise; and that by an Act 7th and 8th William the Third, for further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, it is enacted, that upon every Election, County Courts shall be held at the most public and usual Place of Election in the said County, and where the same has most usually been for Forty Years last part, and shall there proceed to Election at the next County Court, unless the same fall out to be held within Six Days after the Receipt of the Writ, or upon the same Day, and then shall adjourn the same Court to some convenient Day, giving Ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of Election; and that on Tuesday the Sixth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, the then last Election for the County of Pembroke being declared void, a new Writ issued for the Election of a Knight of the Shire for that County; and that the last Monthly County Court for the County of Pembroke ought in course to have been held on Tuesday the 13th of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, but instead of holding it upon that Day, the Sheriff, Thomas Colby, Esquire, caused a Notice in Writing, but dated the Day before, to be fixed up at the County Hall at Haverford West, and other Market Towns, that he would hold his First County Court on the next day the 20th Day of March, at the Town of Pembroke, and caused another Notice to be in like Manner fixed up, signifying, that he would, on the same 20th Day of March, proceed to the Election at , of a

Knight of the Shire for the County of Pembroke, having received the Writ for that Purpose; and that Hugh Owen, and John Symmons, Esquires, were the Candidates,

but Mr. Symmons, the Petitioners, and the major Part of the Freeholders, became alarmed, the Sheriff’s Proceedings being highly illegal, partial, and injurious to the Freeholders, in Two essential Points, as to the Time and Place of Election: First, Because Tuesday the 13th of March, when the Notice was fixed up, was the Day on which the Monthly County Court ought to have been held, and if the Writ had been received on that Day or within Six preceding Days, the Sheriff* ought then to have adjourned the Court, and given Ten Days Notice of proceeding to Election, or if the Writ had been received Six Days before, then he ought to have proceeded to an Election on the said 13th Day of March: Secondly, Because the Town of Pembroke lies at the extreme End of the County, so situated, that a Branch of Miljord Haven divides it from the major Part of the County, and a great many of the Freeholders live above Forty Miles from it; and that in order for a Communication with the Town of Pembroke, from the greatest Part of the County, there are Three Ferries, one called Pembroke Ferry, another called Lazvrenuy Ferry, and the third called -

ping Ferry, all of which belong to and are under the Direction or Influence of Sir William Baronet,

and Mrs. Barlow, the Father and Aunt of Hugh Ozven, Esqui re, the Candidate, and the Passage over one of those Ferries is above One Mile over, another One Mile, and over the Third about Half a Mile, and neither of the Ferry Boats are capable of carrying more than Six Horses at a Time in fair Weather, and in bad Weather they cannot pal's at all; and that Vot. 32.

West, Which is in the Center of the County, is the most Pembroke convenient Place for an Election, and the Elections Election, have been usually and constantly held there for upwards of Forty Years past, save in one Instance about Thirty Years ago; and that the Sheriff himself was apprized of the Inconvenience of the Place, and some short Time before the Writ came to his Hands, acknowledged he had waited some Time at Haverford West for the Writ, and that he had been applied to by some Persons from Pembroke, to have the Election held there, but that he had refused the same on account of the Inconveniency of the Place, and was determined it should be held at Haverjord West, as the proper and usual Place, though he afterwards changed his Opinion; and that Mr.

Symmons gave Notice in Writing to the Sheriff, that the Time and Place appointed for the Election were illegal, and that he would not attend there; and some of the Freeholders on the Day appointed went to the Polling Place at Pembroke, and in the Presence of the Sheriff and of the said Hugh Owen, Esquire, and his Friends, protested against the Sheriff’s Proceedings; but the Sheriff paying no Attention to the Notice or Protest, proceeded to the Election, received Mr. Owen's Votes, and returned him Knight of the Shire for the County of Pembrokl: And therefore praying, That as their Freedom of Election of a proper Representative in Parliament hath been taken away, and manifestly violated by the above Measures used by the said Thomas Colby, the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners I'uch Relief therein, with such Censure upon the said Sheriff, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be, heard at the Bar of this House, upon Friday the 27th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That Thomas Colby, Esquire, High Sheriff for the County of Pembroke, do attend this House upon Friday the 27th Day of this Instant; and that he be served with a Copy of the said Petition.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Customs; cording to Order, a Bill for rectifying a Mistake in an Billtoreaify Ad, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, a Mistake. An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports, and other Places, to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, in the Province of Senegambia, in Ajrica; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and Private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for compelling Persons dismissed the Service East India of the East India Company to depart from the East Company s Indies, and for better regulating the Servants of the said Company, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 30th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for explaining, and rendering more effectual,

' several,

Discovery of the Longitude.

Worcester

Streets,

&c.

Pensions

and

Salaries*

Excise

Office.

8 66 5" — 6° Aprilis. >770.

several Acts, for providing a public Reward for dif- their Address of Tuesday last. That His Majesty would covering the Longitude at Sea, for improving the Lunar be graciously pleased to order some Provision to be made Tables construded by the late Profcflor Meyer, and for for Henry , Esquire, late Deputy Serjeant at Arms encouraging Discoveries and Improvements useful to attending this House, had been presented to His Ma-Navigation, was read a Second Time. jesty j and that His Majesty had commanded him to

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. acquaint this House, that He will give Directions, as

R.joked, That the Bill be committed to a Committee desired by the said Address. of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow 24th Day of this Instant April, resolvc itself into a Com- Morning, Ten of the Clock,

mittee of the whqle House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for better supplying the City of,

and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obllrudlions and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Wa!fh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That an humble Address be preier.ted to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of ail Grants of Pensions, and increased Salaries, made since the Commencement of this piefent Parliament, and payable out of any Part of His Majesty’s Revenues in Great Britain or Ireland, or any other Part of His Majesty’s Dominions, distinguishing the Times at which, and the Persons to whom, such Grants were made;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Commencement of this present Parliament," in order to insert the Words " Accession of His present Majesty;

A Motion was made, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 7th Day of May 1715, of the Addresses of this House to His Majesty, for the several Accounts therein mentioned, to be laid before the House, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the other Orders of the Day be now read j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas 5 Mr‘ 116*

1 eiiers for me 1 eas, jCharles Fox: $10 -

Tellers for the Noes, j } 1 °4'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the other Orders of the Day being accordingly read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice, from Eafi and West Florida, to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Excise to defray the Expence of building the new Office of Excise in London, out of His Majesty’s Revenues of Excise not otherwise appropriated.

Mrj Vice Chamberlain reported to the House, That

Vtnerisy 6° Aprilis;

Anno lo* Georgii IIIt,: Regis, 1770. Praters.

\ Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Graziers, i i Tradesmen, and others, relicling in and about the Town of Louth, in the County of , was presented

to the House, and read Setting forth, That the Road leading from Louth aforesaid, through Thorphall , to South Elkington CozvPafiure, and from thence,

through the Parishes of Weiton, , and -

thorpe through Brough Lane; and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Hainton, in the said County, is in many Places ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be properly repaired without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given that the said Road may be included in the Bill now depending, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the said Town of Louth.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Scrope, Mr. Whichcot, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Burford, in the County of Oxford, through Shipton, Chipping Norton and Bloxham, to the Borough of,

in the said County; and from Burford aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stowe, in the County of Gloucester, at the End of Fofs Lane, at the Bottom of Stowe Hilli and from SwerfordGate, in the said County of Oxford, through Deddington, to the Turnpike Road in the Town of Aynho, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford; and from Burford aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stowe, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stowe Hill; and from Sitter ford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That the Lord Wenman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing certain Commons, or Wastes, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington, commonly called Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and disposing of the fame, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing certain Commons, or Wastes,

in

Answer to Ad dre (i; Serjeant at Arms.

Louth.

Ac.

Roads.

Burford,

Ac.

Road.

Walworth

Inclosure.

Nelthorpe'i

Estate*.

Clyde

Navigation.

Coal heavers.

Martin's

Will.

Carlton

ladofore.

io Geo. III. 6° 'dprilis.*67

in the Parish of St. Mary, Newington, commonly called

Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and disposing of the fame, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Milks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates, late of James Nel-thorpe, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in order that the fame, or a sufficient Part thereof, may be fold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes, therein expressed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -cot, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tore-port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fc\orally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrolTcJ.

Mr. Alderman Trecothick presented to the House*

according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River Th.rj.cs; and for enabling them to make Provide n for such of themselves as shall be lick, lame, or pall their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; and for their further Relief: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Jointure made by John Martin, Esquire, under a Power contained in the Will of James Martin, Esquire, deceased, and rendering the same Power more effectual, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr, Jennings, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, a Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Great Carlton and Castle Carlton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Henry Pape, who is Owner of 11 Acres of Land in the said

Vol. 3a.

Fields and Meadows, and One Cottage having Common Right; and also except William Turner, who is possessed of One such Cottage; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be iaclosed is 1,856 Acres, and the whole Number of Cottages having Common Right is 30) and that no PerGrn appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were’ Once r-ead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tam-worth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 37. 1. 28. To leave out from "repair" to "provided" in Pr. 38. 1. 15.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Snelfton, and certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Snel-fion, in the County of Derby, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Dockfey, Esquire, in Trustees, in Trull to sell and convey the same to Arthur Bowyer, Gentleman, and his Heirs, discharged from the Ufesof the said Settlement, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill, to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Edward Blackett reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement, afterwards made an Order of Assize, and Rule of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, in a Caulc wherein John Doe, on the Demise of William Salvia, Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, was Plaintiff, and Margaret Thornton, and Mary Thornton, Spinsters, Infants, by their Guardians, were Oefcndents, touching the Manor of witton. Capital Messuage of Netherwitlon, and other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Northumberland, heretofore the Estate of John Thorn-

10 M

Tamworth

Roads.

Dockfey’*

I&ates.

Netherwitton

Agreement*

Robinson’i

Estates.

Discorcry

the

Longitude*

Prefemtion

of

Game*

868’ 6° Aprilis. 177b.

ion, late of Net htr wit ton aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, and for confirming the Award made in pursuance of the said Agreement, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Eduard Blackett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Trustees named in the Settlement 6f Sir George Robinfort, Baronet, and Dame Dorothea his Wife, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of the settled Estates in or near lower Hill, within the Liberty of the Tower of London, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of John Harrison, of Red Lion Square, in the County of Middlesex, Watchmaker, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed, that a Bill is depending in the House, for explaining and rendering more effectual several Acts, for providing a public Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea, for improving the Lunar Tables, constructed by the late Professor Meyer, and for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation; and that the Petitioner hath spent great Part of his Life in Pursuit of the Discovery of the Longitude, and conceives that he hath made a complete Discovery thereof, and that he is well entitled to the Whole of the Reward appointed by Parliament for that Purpose, although he has hitherto received only One Moiety of the same; and that the Petitioner apprehends that Part of the said Bill will be prejudicial to him, with respect to the remaining Moiety of the Reward, if the same should be 'pa{Ted into a Law: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as may tend to prejudice and affect his Interest.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and.that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr' Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

20

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing the Healing qfDogs ;wiih an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the fiirviving Executor named in the Will of William Lock, Esquire, deceased, to lay out the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said William Lock, or some Part thereof, in the Purelulc of Estates in Ireland, to be conveyed, settled, and allured, to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes, and subject to the Poweis and Provisoes, mentioned, declared, and contained, in and by the said Will, instead of laying out the same in the Purchase of Estates in England, as by the said Will is directed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. stone. Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, tp whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, AtV Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates deviled by William Hu/me , Esquire, to grant Building Leases thereof, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners in Brafen Nose College, Oxford, founded by the said Testator, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do early the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries, in the Parishes of Old and to the City of Glasgozv, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries, in the Parishes of Old and New Monkland, to the City of G/afgow.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Tec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages, or Tenements and Hereditaments, situate and being in Stable Yard Street, in the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, lately the Estate of Thomas Elvey, Bricklayer, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold to the Commissioners, or Governors and Directors, of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Use of the said Hospital, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to such EHes as the said Messuage or Tenements do now Hand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have pallid a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Earl of Clanricarde, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, discharged of the yfes and Trusts of his Marriage Articles, and a

voluntary

Dr»gr

Lock's

Eftaic.

Hlil-rrt Dfvife TO Dralcn Nose College.

Glazov

U>

Mon kla od

Greenwich

Hoipuai.

Err!

C lrmric j»rdrt iiiiaies.

Bin*

Bfount's

and

Clifford's

Settlements.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Corn; Itegiftering the Price*

10 Geo. III.

6° Apn

869

Voluntary Settlement made by him, and for resettling Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the same to the several Uses, and upon the Trulls therein agreed to by the House.

mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.'

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Earl of Clahricarde, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Articles, and a voluntary Settlement made by him, and for resettling the same to the several Uses, and upon the Trulls therein mentioned, was read the First Time.;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing, ratifying, rtd confirming, all Sales, Partitions, and Divisions, made, or to be made, by virtue of the Powers or Authorities contained in the several Marriage Settlements ot Sir Walter , Baronet, and the Honourable Dame Mary his Wife, and of the Honourable Thomas Clifford the Elder, and the Honourable Barbara his Wife, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John Wrottesley, ttc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Whitbretkl. Sir George Savile, Sir George S tit tie, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Grey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Gilbert, and Mr. Charles ToWifshend, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dunbar's

Petit kin for hi*

A Petition of Fort-Major Nicholas Dunbar was pre* fented to the House, and read i Setting forth. That the Petitioner is now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms p*^^. attending this House; and is greatly grieved, and unfeignedly sorry, and humbly begs Pardon of the House; and representing to the House his narrow Cir-curhstances, with a large Family, unable to procure the common Necessaries of Life, much less to pay the Fees attending his present Confinement: Which he prays the House to take into Consideration, and to order him to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Fort-Major Nicholas be

brought to the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next, in order to his being discharged.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing,

% A A V mm. A a A O m m A m Ji M C t 7 m or* M ant A rft A A /V A D mm.

for veiling several Messuages, or Tenements and Hereditaments, situateand being in Stable Yard »in (he Pari fit of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, lately the Estate of Thomas Elvey, Bricklayer, deceased, in Truf-

toes, to be sold to the Commissioners, or Governors and Directors, of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at for the Use of the said Hospital, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other

Mutiny and Ddferrion; Aifcerica*

an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign* intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectua), in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment, And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Southampton

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed for the better paying, repairing, and cleansing^ the Streets, Sueeti. to such Uses as the said Mefluagp or Tenements do now ’

Hand limited, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, ap-

and other public Passages, in the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy , Saint Lawrence, All Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and East Street and Bag Row, within the Town of Southampton, and Liberties thereof j and for prevent-

?ejnted to consider of the Method of registering the ing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening ’rices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of and rendering the same more commodious; and for Great Britain, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the lighting and watching the said Streets and Public

the House, That the Committee had considered the same accordingly; and bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Weekly Returns of the Prices of Wheat, Barley, Oats, and Beans, according to the Measure,

Passages; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for consolidating the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

New Sarum Poor*

Liflceari

Road*.

from some Markets in each County and Riding within for repairing and widening the Road from the East End

Great Britain, would be of public and general Ad- of West Lane, to the Borough of and

vantage. _ from thence to Coomb Row House; and also the Road

f Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, from the said Borough of Liskeard, to; and

That such Returns be made from such Markets, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point; and from

by such Persons, as shall be directed and appointed by the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sel-fions for each respective County and Riding; and that the Expence, not exceeding 5/. per Annum for each

Craft Hole aforesaid, to Saint German's Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and for amending the Roads from Barn Street to Duloe Church; and from Lux Street to; and from Bull Post to

Market, be defrayed out of the public Stock of such Trezvorgey Cross, in the County of Cornwall-, without any County or Riding. Amendment: And also,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Littleport, That such Returns be made to such Person at the Trea- to extend the Provisions in Two Acts, passed in the *c-fury, as the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three Com- Third and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for re-missioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, shall pairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely appoint to receive the same. ' to Littleport, and other Roads therein mentioned, to the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Road from Wilburton to Mepall; and for making other That an Abstract of such Returns be published Weekly Provision for repairing the said Road from Ely to -in the London Gazette. fort; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Littlepo to ip Down ham, in the Coun-

V01. 32. tie*

Roads.

Worksop,

See.

Roads.

Westborough

locioftire.

i r

4: v 1

Aulcester

inclosure.

Abington

Pigotts

inclosure.

> '

ExP9TtS to American

Colonies*

?7o 6° JpriH?, A-tyjQ.

ties of Cambridge and Norfolk; without: any An>ei^dm^nU consider of a further Encouragement to be given to tb?

And also, A. British and hish Linen Manufactures. :i

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, igjituled, An Ordered, That the Account of what Money has bee#

for repairing and widening the RocuJ from Worksop, to paid in Scotland, for Bounties on the Exportation of the Turnpike Road at Kelham; and from Depdale Hill, British and Irish Linens,; from the first Day of May to the great Northern Road at South Mujkham, in the 1756, to the First Day of January 1770; distinguishing County of Nottingham-, without any Amendment: An(^ each Year, and how rm*dh fete Irish, and how much for ' also, v ‘ Rji{ish Linens; be referred to* the said Committee.

The Lords h^ve agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act , Ordered,.That the: Account of what Money ha* been feFdrviding and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, paid ;for gpjU|Uic^ on the Exportation of British and Gammon Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the lfish Lippns*: from £4 June 1756, the Commencement TbWnships of Westborough and Doddington, in the Parish of the prefei^l Boqnty, tp 5 January 1770; distinguishing oi W_e/lborough cum Doddington, in the County of Lin- each Year; be referred t£ the said Committee. coin', without any Amendment: And also, / Thenthp House resolved itself into the said Com-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act mittee.

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Mr; Sp&ker left the-Chair.

Common Fields, and the Midsummer and Lammas and Mr. Vanetook the Chair of the Committee,

other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, Mr. Speaker resumed she Chair,

and the Common or Waste Ground, called Aulcester Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, That they

Heath, within the Manor of Aulcester, in the County of had made aPrcgress* in "the Matter to them referred; Warwick-, without any Amendment: And also, and that he was directed by the Committee to move,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act that they itfay have Leave tafit again, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Revived, That this House will,x upon Tuesday Morn-Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the M^nor ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Parish of Abington Pigotfs, otherwise Abington in the House, to consider further 6f a Further Encouragement Clay, in the County of Cambridge; without any Amend- to be given to the British and Irish Linen Manufactures, ment. , .: .:

And then the Messengers withdrew. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account;

Account of the Value of_all Goods, Wares, and Mer- Exportsaod An ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act made chandfze, exported from, or imported into, Great fin- imports‘ in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in- tain, from Christmas 1767 to Christmas 1769, or as far tituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Place.

Colonies and Plantations in America, for allowing a

Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Expor- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to 'Way*

tation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean*

the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for difeon- consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the

tinning the Drawbacks payable on China EarthcnWare Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

exported to America; and for more effectually preventing And the said Order being read accordingly;

the clandestine Running’of Goods in the said Colonies The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

and Plantations; as lays Duties upon Glass, Red Lead, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Paffeboards, Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of tli6

Millboards, and Scaleboards, of the Produce or Manu- Committee.

failure of Great Britain, imported into any of His Mr. 5peaker resumed the Chair.

Majesty’s Colonies in America; was read the Third Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

Time. That they had come to a Resolution; which they had

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title directed him to report, when the House will please to be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the receive the lame.

Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colo- Morning next.

nies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Draw- Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, back of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation That he was directed by the Committee to move, that from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the they may have Leave to fit again.

Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for difeon- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mprn-tiriuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole exported to America y and for more effectually prevent- House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the clandestine Running of Goods in the Laid Colo- ing the Supply granted to His Majesty. hies and Plantations; as relates to the Duties upon

Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Wfaf0*’

Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, of the Pro- enable the Speaker of the House of Commons, during nls‘ duce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into a Recess of Parliament, to issue his Warrants to the any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and also to Clerk of the Crown to make out new Writs for the the discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room Earthen Ware exported to America, and for regulating of such Members who shall happen to die during such the Exportation thereof. Recess of Parliament: And that Mr. Gray, Mr. Grof-

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the venor, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Dyson, and Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Mr. Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Scotland; Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to

encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, held under Settlements of strict Entail, is committed, have Leave to lit, notwithstanding any -Adjournment of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to anufa^or^-rjefolyaitself into a Committee of the whole House, To .; 16

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Expulfioa a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Consequences of the Expulsion of Members oi this 1 fn‘ r*‘ House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resume^ the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Townjkend, Junior, reported from the Committee,

i6 Geo. III. ' 6d — 9 0 Ap87

mittee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the First Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill*

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rice# Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice, from East and West Florida, to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Europe, as is granted by / former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia.

the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading frorri Buxton to Aftiborne, near Newhaven, in the County of Derby, and from Warftow to ERon Mine, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Methuen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr* Speaker do issue his Warrant to Eve Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Allen, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Lord Garlies have Leave to make a Motion, it being a Quarter of an Hour past Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Wgtoun Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Wigtoun, White-horn. New Galloway, and Stranraer, in the room of Chauncy Townsend, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 9° die Aprilis; Anno 10° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1770.

Praters.

Clyde

Navigation*

AN ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Butterton An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, turning, Mo°r, and altering, the Roads from Butterton Moor End, near Roads. Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three-Mile Stone

upon the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Aftiborne, in the County of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Aftiborne, near Nezvhaven, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17, 1. 8. After " Derby," toinfert " and from " Warftow to Etton Mine, in the " County of Stafford."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Roads from Butterton Moor End, near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three-Mile Stone in Vol. 32.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the- Bill for KnarefW disafforefling the Forest of Knaresborough, in the County Fordl of York, and for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts bitloiure. of the said Forest, which lie within the Eleven Confta-bleries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more st. Clement effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign Danes of His present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and ^S^Jy employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. t

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ormfide thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Inclosure. read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have heretofore signed Petitions against the Bill, for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Great Ormfide, in the Parish of OrmfiJe, in the County of Westmorland, upon a Repr dentation that the said Bill would be prejudicial to their Interests; and that the Petitioners, having (ince Icon the Bill, are of Opinion that it will be beneficial to all Parties interested: And therefore praying, That they may be at Liberty to withdraw their former Petitions, l'o far as the same relates to’ them; and that the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations as the House may think proper.

A Petition of the several Perlbhs, whole Names are Dittoi thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have heretofore ligned Petitions to have their several Rights ascertained in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Great Or riftde, in the Parish of Ormfule, in the County of Westmorland; and that the Petitioner?, havingfince ieen the said Bill, are of Opinion, that the Clauses therein contained will fully answer every Purpose they prayed by their former1 Petition; and that it will be very beneficial to all Par- ties interested, that the said Bill should pass into a Law:

And therefore praying, That they may be at Liberty to withdraw their former Petitions, so for as the same related to them; and that the said Bill may pass into a Law, undetf such Regulations as the House may think proper*

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

10 N

Fort

Dunbar reprimanded and discharged 4

Chepstow

Rotds.

Hobart’s

ElUte.

St Alban’s &c. Road.

Dovebridge

Exchange.

873

Fort-Major Nicholas Dunbar was, according to Order, brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot, in the Town of Chepfioiv, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, and for repairing and widening several other Roads adjoining to the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 29, 1. 38. After " all," to insert " such."

Pr. 30, 1. 13. After " Hereditaments," to insert " of the clear Yearly Value of " Forty Pounds."

1. 27. After " all," to insert " such."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot, in the Town of Chepfiow, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, and for repairing and widening several other Roads adjoining to the said Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of the Honourable George Ho-bart> in the County of Leicester\ and for investing the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Three Acts, for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley\ Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Three Acts, for repairing the Highways, through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Radcliffe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cavendifk reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Dovebridge, in the County of Derby, for other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same Parish, pursuant to an Agreement between John Fitzherbert, Clerk, Matter of Arts, Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Dove-

A. 1770-

bridge, within the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, and Sir Henry Cavendish, Baronet, by and with the Consent of the Patron of the said Vicarage, and the Ordinary of the Diocese, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the'Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cavendifk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Whicliot reported from the Committee, to whom Wdtnt 'the Bill for inclosing several Open and Common Fields locknut, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Welt on, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to tire Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for vetting certain Manors and Lands, in the County of AUeftbnft Norfolk, Part of the settled Estates of Charlotte. Countess of Aylesford, and her Issue, in Heneage Earl ot Aylesford, and his Heirs; and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Warm ck, the Estates of the said Earl, of greater and better Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act par| for vesting a Messuage in Pall Mall, and the Pictures Orford'i and Furniture thereunto belonging, in George Earl of Orford, discharged from certain Trusts created thereof; and for settling Freehold Lands, in the County of Norfolk, *

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Jhch’sWiU. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Share and Interest of George Rich,

Esquire, Second Son of Sir Robert Rich, Baronet, deceased, of and in £. 6,000, which, by the Settlement made on the Marriage of the said Sir Robert Rich, with Dame Elizabeth Rich, his now Widow, was secured for the Benefit of their younger Children, in the Executors of the said Sir Robert Rich, as Part of his Personal Estate, pursuant to a Codicil to his Will, made for that Purpose, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

io Geo. III.

folk, of greater Value, in lieu thefeof, to the Uses therein from the iftof January 1765, to the ill of January 1770, mentioned, was read a Second Time. with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Spe-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shafto, cies, and each Year.

Mr. Fuller, &c.;: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. count of the Quantity of foreign Linens exported, from the 1 ft of January 1765, to the 1 ft of January 1770, with LtnAn Ordered, That Mr. John Colville do, Tomorrow Morn- the Drawbacks paid thereon; distinguishing each Species, Manufactory. ing, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom and each Yrear. it is referred to consider further of a further Encourage-

ment to be given to the British and Irish Linen Manu-fastures.

Ordered, That Mr. Neil M'Vic car do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

speenhamiand An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and vary and Marlborough en^arSe ^ie Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twelfth Year of Roads. the Reign of King George the First, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways, from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and vary and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways, from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Craven do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Nelthorpe’s Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Estates. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates, late of James Nelthorpe, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in order that the fame, ora sufficient Part thereof, may be fold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trusts and for the Purposes therein expressed, is committed, have Leave to lit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Thursday Morning next.

lock’s Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed

Will. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the surviving Executor named in the Will of William Lock, Esquire, deceased, to lay out the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said William Lock, or some Part thereof, in the Purchase of Estates in Ireland, to be conveyed, settled, and allured, to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes, and subject to the Powers and Provisoes mentioned, declared, and contained, in and by the said Will, instead of laying out the same in the Purchase of Estates in England, as by the said Will is directed. is committed, have Leave to lit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Thursday Morning next.

Blount’s Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed and Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing, Clifford's ratifying, and confirming, all Sales, Partitions, and Di-tt cments. vjfjons^ made or to be made by virtue of the Powers or Authorities contained in the several Marriage Settlements of Sir Walter Blount, Baronet, and the Honourable Dame Mary his Wife, and of the Honourable Thomas Clifford the Elder, and the Honourable Barbara his Wife, and for other Purposes, is committed, have Leave to lit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

N. B. The Reason of the House diipenfing with the Standing Order in this Cafe, was, That a Lady, who was obliged to attend as a Witness, was in a State of Health that made it uncertain whether (he could attend after Tomorrow.

Accounts: Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Linens. Account of the Quantity of foreign Linens imported Vol. 32.

Mr. Turner reported from the Committee, to whom Dunsforth the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Incl°sure* Meadow Grounds, Common Pallures, and other uninclosed Grounds within the Township or Territories of Upper Duns/ortJi and Branton, in the County of York, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ih at the Clerk’s Table.

And Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, is concerned in the said Bill;

The Lord Strange, as Chancellor of the said Duchy, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives hisConfent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon St. James, Thursday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for Westminster, repealing several Acts, passed for paving, cleaning, and Paving* lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint James, and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares,

Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish, Tomorrow Morning, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 24th Day of tiffs Instant April.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Cartwrloht's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estatei. Act for enabling Thomas Cartwright, Esquire, to fell, in Fee Simple, Part of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright, to discharge Incumbrances, and for settling the Remainder of the said Estates to the several Uses therein mentioned, was'committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found, the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 42, 1. 12. Leave out from the End of the Line to " and " in 1. 14.

1. 20. Leave out from the End of the Line to " severally " in 1. 23.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Champneys's for Sale of Part of the settled Estates late of Richard atC8‘ Champneys, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts

and

©74 9° Aprilis1770.

and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dow-defzvell, Mr. Mackworthy &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westminster Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

Paving. whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting

in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. John Marqnand, being examined, said, That the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts have proceeded diligently in putting the same in Execution: That they have made a great Progress therein, much to the Convenience and Benefit of the Public, but are not able to proceed without further Assistance; and that the said Acts want altering and amending in several respects.

Mr. George Box, Clerk to the said Commissioners, being asked his Opinion, what Alterations he thought necessary to be made in the said Acts, he said. He thought many were wanting:

That he was of Opinion, an additional Number of Commissioners should be chosen by the Vestry in each Parish; and that a certain Number of Persons properly qualified should be a Committee, to superintend the several Works within each Parish:

That those Committees should be impowered to make Rates for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets within such Parishes respectively:

That the said Committees should appoint Collectors and Inspectors:

And he added, That several other Regulations are necessary, in order effectually to carry the said Acts into Execution.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 15th Day of March last, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places, in the said Acts mentioned, effectually to per-foriti the Works directed by the said Acts to be done, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for granting a further Toll upon certain Horses and Carriages, to be applied to the several Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thomas Edwards . Freeman, Lord George Germain, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Baget, and Sir Roger Mostyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Louth, &c. Mr. Scrope reported from the Committee, to whom Roads. Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Graziers, Trades-men, and others, residing in and about the Town of Louth, in the County of JJncoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the 16

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. _

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Cappe, being examined, said, That the Road mentioned in the Petition is very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Repair would be of public Utility, as it would open a Communication from Louth to Lincoln.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, > to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from Louth, through Thorphall Lane, to South Elkington Cow Pasture, and from thence, through the Parishes of Welton, Caljlhorpe, and Grymoldthorpe* through Brough Lane, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Hainton.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; Account of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, exported from Great Britain to His Majesty’s Colonies of East and West Florida', and of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, imported into Great Britain from the same Colonies, from the Time of their Establishment to the present Time, as near as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony, and each Year.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Lrcf, whom the Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, # to from Leeds, in the County of 7ork, to the Sea Bank, 1

near the North Ladies Walk, in Liverpoole; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eighth Year of Queen Anne, the Third Year of King George the First, the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, and the Second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Harbour of Liverpoole, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Honourable Sir Joseph Tates, Henry Wilmot, Esquire, and Jane Poole,

Widow, as Executors and Trustees of the last Will and Testament of the late David Poole, Esquire, Serjeant at Law, deceased; and also of Roger Holt, Esquire, John Chadwick, Esquire, and John Walmeftcy, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and the other Executors of Edward.

Holt, Esquire, deceased, and Alexander Leigh, Gentleman, who, together with the Earl of Mexborough, are Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Douglas, alias AJland, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was referred; That no Counsel appeared in Behalf of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that no Wharf shall be erected between Coates Hall and the Skipton Road.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, who Burghries were appointed to inquire into the several Burglaries *

and Robberies.

io Geo. III. 9*

87 5

and Robberies that of late have been committed in and about the Cities of London and Westminster* and to consider of more effectual Methods to prevent the same for the future, and to report their Opinion, frdm time to time, to the tToufe; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had directed him to report the fame* together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

fcmbroke The Order of the Day being read, for hearing at the Bar of this House the Matter of the Charge made against John Griffithi* Esquire, late High Sheriff of the County of Pembroke;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Charge be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Lhurfday the Third Day of May next*

MtfyleBone A Petition of the Most noble Margaret Cavendlfk* *w Church* Duchess Dowager of Portland, and of the Most noble William Henry Cavendish, Duke of Portland, and the humble Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Vestrymen and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for building a new Parish Church, and for making a Cemetery, ot Church Yard, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and that, if Provisions were made in the said Bill for declaring the present Church a paro-« chial Chapel, and for providing a proper Maintenance for the Persons to be appointed to perform Divine Service therein, and likewise for erecting a House for the Habitation of the Minister of the said Parish, upon a Piece of Ground belonging to the said Duchess Dowager of Portland, within the said Parish, it would be a great Benefit to the said Parish, and would contribute more effectually to carry the good Purposes of the said Bill into Execution: And therefore praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

I Regulating Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order* Newcastle a gjq to explain, amend, and render more effectual, cc 01 an Act made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel Boats, in the Port of Nevxajtle, and the Members thereunto belonging; And the feme was received, and' read the First Time. ....

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That thfc said Bill be printed;

Amount; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Montesf Account of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, diijpofeble by Parliament

East India Ordered* That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Company; the better enabling the United Company of Merchants Militwv of England* trading to the East Indies, to raise a Military Force! force, Tor the Protection of their Settlements and Pof-

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee* to £>ashy*a Whom the Petition of Francis Dal by y of London* Mer- Petition chant, was referred; That the Committee had examined c^pd^tk*, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered That the said Report do lie tipon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply-to fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly $

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon Wednesday last, relating to the forfeited Estates in Scotland, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 5th Day of April 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 10th Day of October 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1769 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the Fifth Day of April 1770, and the Parts remaining unfetisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. *

Mr* Speaker left the Chair*

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee#

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they: had directed him to report, when the House will please to* receive the same* ,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Charles Whitworth* according to Order, reported 'foray* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it 611(1 Mean* was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in ait the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, which by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution certain " Proposels -made- by the East India Company, for the M Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pound*, for a limited Time, in respect of the " territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained w in the East Indies " is directed to be paid, within the present Year, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by the said Company, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The feid Resolution, being read a Second Time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

sessions in India: And that Sir George Colebrooke* Mu

Cuffi the Lord Barrington* and General Harvey, do pre- A Motion was made, tod the Question being pro* America \ pare, and bring in, the fame. posed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal *

Vol. 32. 10 O the Te»-

Excise

Office.

Ways and Mcani

Rice.

87 6 90 — 1 o° .

A. 1770.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Bill to prevent Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament, was read a Second Time. p , of Resolved, That the Bill be committed. arumc*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the 24th Day of this Instant April, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

the Duties laid upon Tea imported into America, by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty;

The House was moved. That the Proceedings of the House upon the 5th Day of March last, in relation to the Question for Leave to bring in a Bill to repeal Part of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting; certain Duties in the Brkish Colonies and Plantations in America, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

} 8o-

Tdlro forth. Noes,} 52.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the other Orders of the Day being accordingly read;

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Excise to defray the Expence of building the new Office of Excise in London, out of His Majesty’s Revenues of Excise not otherwise appropriated.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Paper Command, a Paper, intituled, u November 22, 1769, Panted? " Letter from Mr. Mur hard, Minister from the Land* Laoj^e* " grave of Hejfe, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 1 o° die Aprilis\ Anno 10° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1770,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-_____

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 'T'HE House being informed, that Mr. Wilfordt AeC«u*; House, upon the Bill for extending like Liberty, in the X from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he Dispoiabte Exportation of Rice, from East and West Florida, to was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Mooej. the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Europe, as is granted pursuant to their Order,

by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia. An Account of Monies remaining in His MajestyV

Exchequer, dispolable by Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow have Leave to make a And then he withdrew.

Motion, it being Half an Hour after Eight of the And the Title of the said Account was read.

Clock. The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Parliaments viz.

Cambricks and Sugars, 1766 -

Apples imported - . _ _ _ _ . „ .

Imprest Money repaid by George Grenville, Esquire, late Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy Duty on Exportation of Rice, imported Duty free -

Surplus of the Income of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the eth Day of April 1770 - . _ ....

£. s. d. 887 9 6$ — 19 6

49°7 7 7' 7800 9 3

i3>596 5 I0»

773,240 16 ok

786,837

i 11

Exchequer, the iqth Day of April 177

£. miford

Ordered,

Coalheaver*.

Lord

Milton's

Limes.

Cvtwrights

Lfiate.s

Do*

Sualiag.

Ftcftrvatio®

of

Game.

to Geo. III. 10° Aprilis.

3

Ordered That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coal heavers working upon the River Thames* and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall be Tick, lame, or pad thdr Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans* and for their further Relief* was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr* Alderman Trecothick, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber and all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Mr. Bdnd reported from the Committee, to" whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Winterbourne Clension, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, for the Right honourable Joseph Lord Milton, and his Heirs, discharged of the several charitable Uses to which the same now rtand limited, and in lieu thereof to subject and charge the same and other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, whereof the said Joseph Lord Milton is lei fed in Fee, with the Payment of a perpetual Rent-Charge of greater Value, and for other Purposes, was committed* That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the . Committee and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabie.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do carry the Bill to the

- Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Cartwright, Esquire, to fell, in Fee Simple, Part of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright, to discharge Incumbrances, and for

- settling the Remainder of the said Estates to the several Uses therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Mack worth do carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, that this House hath ' agreed to the fame, with some Amendments* to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing the Stealing of Dogs.

And the said Amendment was read and is as followeth viz.

Pr. 4, 1. 26. Leave out " First."

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question putrthereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton do carry the Bill to the Lords* and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And the said Amendment was read and is asTollow-eth viz. ' ~ *-

VOL. 3a.

Pr. 4, 1. 17. Leave out cc first.’*

The laid Amendment, being read a Second Time* was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton do cftriy the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Corporation*. resolve itself into a Committee of the whoie House* upon the Bill for the further Quieting and Establiftiing Corporations, and for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo WarYanto, and Informations in Nature of a Quo Warranty and Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus, and for regulating Admit lions into Corporations and Boroughs *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the Second Day of May next, resolve . itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

A Bill to alter and amend art Act, passed in the fitfemtioa Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled* G°f An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in amc* that Part of Great Britain, called England, and to make some further Provisions in order to prevent both the unwarrantable and unseasonable Destruction of the Game in general, and to establish, in some Cafes, more efficient Modes of Proceeding for the Punishment of Offenders, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mdck-worth, Mr. Clayton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr* Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament* without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Severn, between Bewdley and Tit-ton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to cross the River Trent at or near Heywood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the said River Trent and the River Mer-fey, and for granting further Powers for that Purpose without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth , Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxon*s Lane End, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned* without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Car Lane Head, in Fernille, in the . County of Derby, leading to Chapel.in the Frith without any Amendment; And also.

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, L^pd^, and Grounds, within the Township of East Newton, in the Parish of Aldborough, in Holderness, in the Coilnty of York without any Amendment: And also, ... / The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitqledy An A(^ for further continuing th£ Terms and Powers granted and continued by Three Acts, passed in the Twelfth, and Thirteenth Years of William the Third, the Tenth of Queen Anne± and in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, feCurirfg,

and

Trials

of

controverted

Elections.

Wor defter and Stafford Navigation*

Stockport*

Sec.

Roads.

Macclesfield*

&c.

Roads.

Haft Newfon Inclosiy:e.

Minehead

Harbour.

t

Nar Rivfcr Navigation,

Jfrandon to Bury $t» Edmunds Roads.

Brighton

fcc.

Road.

Uftburn

Inclosure.

Notgrove

Inclosure.

Aflibury

Inclosure.

Poulton, See. Small Debts.

Bourton

Manor.

Pelham and others Settlement of

Jointure*

Ditto*

878 10° Jprilis. A. 1773.

and keeping in Repair, the Ftarbour of A linehead, in the Charles the Uncle, and Evelyn Anderson, Esquires,

County of Somerset, and for the more effectual qarrying to make Jointures, upon their respective Marriages, out the said Acts into Execution; and also for the better fe-, of the Estates devised to them by the Will of Charles curing the ancient Dues payable to the Lord or Lady of Pelham, late of Brocklefhy, in the County of , the Manor of Minehead, for the Time being; without any Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Amendment: And also, Refo That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Mr. Dotvde/well reported from the Committee, to Bbunt'*

Year of his late Majesty, for making the River Nar whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ciftford*.

navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, to Act for establishing, ratifying, and confirming, all Sales,

Well acre, in the County of Norfolk, and for making the Partitions, and Divisions, made, or to be made, by virtue said Act more effectual; without any Amendment; And of the Powers or Authorities contained in the several Mar-also, riage Settlements of Sir Walter , Baronet, and the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Honourable Dame Mary his W ife, and of the Honour* for repairing and widening the Roads, from the Borough able Thomas Clifford, the Elder, and the Honourable of Bury Saint Edmunds, to tire Town of Newmarket, in the Mar her a his Wife, and for other Purposes, was committed;

Counties of Suffolk, and Cambridge; and from the South That the Committee had examined the Allegations of End of the Ferry Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the in the said County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

And also, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the for repairing and widening the Roads leading from House, without any Amendment: And he delivered Brighthelmjlone, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, the County of Sussex; without any Amendment: And And the said Bill was read the Third Time, also, Ref, That the Bill do pass.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswelldo carry the Bill to the

for dividing and inaofing certain Open Fields, Lands, Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed and Commons, within the Township and Parish of Great to the lame, without any Amendment.

Vfeburn, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also. Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Swafe

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act whom the Bill for completing the Navigation of the River Navigation for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Swale, from its Junction with the River Ure, to Mor-Downs, and other Commonable -Lands and Waste ton Bridge, and of Bedale Brook, in the County of York,

Grounds, in the Parish of Notgrove, in the County of and for repealing Part of an Act made in the 7 th Year of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also, His present Majest/s Reign, relating thereto, was com*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allega-for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, Commons, and the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ashbury, in Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And report to the House; and he read the Report in his ilfo, Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ments, in at the Clerk’s' Table: Where the Amend-for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second within the Parishes of Poulton, Kirkham, Lytham, and Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally Bifpham, and Townftrips of Preefalland Stalmine, in the put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

County Palatine of Lancaster; with some Amendments; _ Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be to which Amendments the Lords desire die Concurrence ingossed. of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act The House proceeded to take into Consideration the for veiling the Two undivided Fourth Parts of Priscilla Report which was made from the Committee, who were 0 Alien, the Wife of John Alletv, Esquire, and of William appointed to inquire into the several Burglaries and Rob- Robberie*. James Wtarner, Samuel George Warner, Rebecca Warner, beries that of late have been committed in and about the and Mary Jane Charlotte Warner, the Only Children of Cities of London and and to consider of more

Alice Warner, the late Wife of William Warner, Gentle- effectual Methods to prevent the same for the future, man, of and in the Manors or reputed Manors of Great and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the Bourton and Little Bourton, and divers Messuages, Lands, House.

and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Bourton And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; and Little Bourton, in the County of Oxford, in Trustees, vjz.

to sell and convey the feme to William Prowett, Gentle- Sir John Fielding, Knight, being asked. What Num-plan, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale ber of Houses have been broke ©pen in and about the -in Three Pounds per CentumConsolidated Bank Annuities, Cities of London and Westminster, and whether it is a to be secured and transferred in Manner therein men- growing Evil? feid, That all Robberies, with the Cir-tioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of cumstances attending them, and Particulars of Goods this House: And also, ... stolen, are registered at his Office, and from that Re-

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to gifter Informations are grounded, and Offenders are deenable Charles Anderson, now called Charles Pelham, tested several Years after the Offences are committed;

Charles Anderson, the Uncle,' and Evelyn Anderson, Ef- and he delivered in Lists of Houses broke, with Compo-quires, to make Jointures, upon their respective Mar- tatfons of the Goods stolen from Michaelmas 1766 to 14 nages, out of the Estates devised'to them by the Will of March T770, in Half-yearly Periods; by which it ap-Chdrles Pelham, late of Brocklejby, in the County of Lincoln, peared, that from Michaelmas 1766 to Lady Day 1767,13 Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Con- Houses had been broke open, and Goods stolen to the cuirence of this House. < Value of £.289; — from Day 1767 to Michaelmas

And then the Messengers withdrew. 1767,36 Houses, Value£.627; — from 1767

1 to Lady 1768,52 Houses, Value 569fronj

An Ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lady Day 1768 to Michaelmas 1768, 48 Houses, Value to enableCharles Andetfon,. now called. Charles Pelham, £, 1,33a; — from Michaelmas 1768 to Lady Day

to Geo. lit.

to0 Aprilis.

879

Houses, Value £. 1,448. 15s.from Lady Day 1769 to Michaelmas 1769, 63 Houses, Value £. 1,616. os.

"From Michaelmas 1769 to 14 March 1770, 104 Houses, Value £.4,241: — He further informed the Committee, that it is supposed the last 104 Houses were broke open by a Number of Housebreakers, not exceeding Twenty, and few of them more than 20 Years of Age,

16 or 17 of whom are in Custody, with little Probability of their being convicted: — That the Evil increases amazingly, and never was at so great a Height as since la ft.Michaelmas. — Being asked, What is the Cause

of this Increase of Housebreaking ? — he said, That Felons formerly carried their Goods to Pawnbrokers, but by the prefertt Method of quick Notice to Pawnbrokers, Silversmiths, and others, that Plan is defeated, and the Housebreakers now go to Jews, who melt the Plate immediately, and destroy other Things that might be Evidence, which in Burglary can be nothing but the Goods, though in other Cales the Person may be sworn to -That they disguise Jewels by knocking them out of the Sockets, so that they cannot be sworn to; that the present Gang of Housebreakers are Sons of unfortunate People, and of no Trade; that they begin when Boys as Pickpockets, but turned Housebreakers when they grew up, in order to procure a greater Income to supply their increased Expences: And he informed the Committee, that for Twenty Years a Footpad has not escaped; that Highwaymen cannot escape, upon account of the early Information given to the aforesaid Office, and the great Number of Prosecutors who always appear against them, which he thinks mull in Time put an End to that Fvil — He theft laid, He had detected several Persons in Duke's Place with Plate, and has offered a Reward of Five Guineas for apprehending One Person in the same Place. — Beingalked, What he thought of the present Method of watching the Town ? — he said. The Watch is insufficient; their Duty too hard, and Pay too small: — That he has known Serjeants in the Guards employed as Watchmen: — That the Watchmen are paid 8 \d.per Night in Saint Margaret's Parish, and a Gra-

tuity of 2 Guineas a Year, out of which they find their own Candle: — That as they are paid Monthly, they borrow their Money of an Usurer once a Week: — That in other Parishes the Watch are paid from 10 to is. per Night -. — That the Watch in is in every

Parish under the Direction of a separate Commission, composed of Persons who have served the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer: — That Commissioners of the respective Parishes appoint the Beats of their Watchmen without conferring together, which leaves the Frontiers of each Parish in a confused State, for that where one Side of a Street lies in One Parish, and the other Side in another Parish, the Watchmen of One Side cannot lend any Assistance to Persons on the other Side, other than as a private Person, except in Cafes of Felony.

James Sayer, Esquire, Deputy High Steward of Westminster, confirmed the above Evidence, and added, That St. Margaret's Parish has a select Vestry, the Majority of which is composed of Tradesmen; that they will pay no more than 8 \d.a Night to their Watchmen, and have no Way of punishing them for Neglect of Duty than by dismissing them, which, in Fact, is not a Punishment, for they find it difficult to get Men to serve in that Office; and he further said, that their Number is not sufficient.

Being asked the Reason for changing the Constables from being parochial to be Constables for the whole City and Liberty, he said, That before 29 Geo. 2. Constables were parochial; — that he apprehended the Reason for the Change was, that a Constable could not execute any official Act out of his Parish, without being specially authorized so to do He mentioned an Instance of a Constable’s being killed when he was serving a Warrant out of his Parish: — That the Person who killed him was tried, and found guilty of Manslaughter only, though he VoL. 32.

would have been guilty of Murder, if it had happened in the Parish to which the Constable belonged.

Sir John Fielding being asked, what Remedies he could suggest to prevent the above Evils, he produced Two Papers relating to Constables, Watchmen, and other Officers; which were read to, and confirmed by him; and are as follow; viz.

Watchmen too old — should be from 25 to 50 — their Beats too extensive — should not exceed 20 Houses on each Side of the Way: Watchmen too few — the Sum raised for the Watch too little, being only Four Pence in the Pound — should be Sixpence.

Ward Officers to be chosen out of those Inhabitants that have served the Office of Constable, and to have a good Salary.

One Half of the Constables to be discharged within the Year, so that One-half remaining Two Years will be able to instruct the new Officers; and the whole Duty will be done well.

If the new Provisions for the Watch can be established by the Commissioners remaining where they are, it will lave Trouble, for then the Moftey may be raised by them as it now is, and every Parish may pay and clothe their own Watchmen; so that the Appointment, Distribution, Direction, Wages, Number, and Punishment of the Watch, may be in the Magistrates, by a new Commission, and the Paying and Clothing be in the present Commissioners.

The Words " A Constable of the City and Liberty of " Westminster" to be placed over the Constables Doors; the Words " Ward Officer " over the Ward Officers Doors: — Beadles by Name, to be discharged, and the ne-ccfiary Part of the Duty they now do to be performed by the Ward Officers.

That it would be right to confine the intended Improvement and Constables to only, as the

Watch in the adjoining Parishes of Middlesex remain oft the same Footing as is originally settled by the Statute of fVinchester.

2d Paper.

1. The Watch of Westminster is extremely defective

— the Number ought to be increased, their Pay augmented, and the whole Direction of them put under One Commission, and that Commission should be Ma-gillrates of the City and Liberty of the

Watch should be attended by Ward Officers, and relieved in the Night, a whole Night’s Duty being too hard.

2. The Roundhouses should be capacious, no Liquor should be fold in them; Publicans should be punished for permitting Watchmen to tipple during their Duty; and Watchmen should be particularly rewarded for Diligence, and punished for Neglect by the Civil Power.

3. High Constables should not quit their Office at the End of Three Years: — Constables should be increased. Half the Number only discharged annually: — The Constable of the Night should be considered for his Attendance on that Duty, and punished for Neglect.

4. The Power of railing Money at present for the Watch is too confined, it should be enlarged, raised by the present Commissioners — the Watchmen paid by them — but their Number, Direction, and Appointment, be by the new Commission of Magistrates.

5. Receivers of Stolen Goods, especially of those taken by Burglary or Highway Robbery, should be made Principals, with a Power of Mitigation in the Judge.

James Sayer, Esquire, being again examined, approved of Sir John Fielding's Plan, and added. That the Beadles are an unnecessary Set of Men, advanced in Years, and Servants to the Churchwardens and Over-seers — are 40 in Number over the whole City and Liberty; — they have an Allowance of £ 20 per Ann. a-piece, which they make up £. 30: — That he appre-hendsj if the Number was increased to 60, and the City

ic P and

Burglaries

and

Robberies.

Burglaries

and

Robberies*

880 to* Jprilis.^.1770.

and Liberty divided into so many Divisions, a Beadle to each Division, and the Object 01 their Duty to take up Vagrants, they might be of great Service: That if the Beadle was to have 2 Shillings for every Vagrant he took up, and Shillings was given to any other Person who should apprehend One, the One Half to be deducted out of the Beadle’s Salary of that District where the Vagrant was apprehended, it would have a good Effect.

Sir John Fielding, being again examined, said, He thought the Name of Beadle should be abolished, and that they should be called Ward Officers.

Mr. S. Rainsfortk, High Constable of , being

examined,-(aid, He had been in Office 12 Months: — That he had visited the different Night Watch Houses, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, frequently from 12 to 3 in the Morning; — found many of the Peace Officers upon Duty — some were not: That there is a general Complaint of Peace Officers neglecting their Duty; from which Neglect it is owing, that the Watchmen and Beadles are not present; and this general Neglect, he apprehends, is the reason why so many Houses are robbed: — That he has frequently found 7 or 8 Watchmen together in an Alehouse: — He thinks that the High Constable should visit the Roundhouse in the Night Time, once a Month at least> or oftener, if required; and agreed with Sir John Fielding, as to the Number and Pay of the Watchmen.

James Sayer, Esquire, being again examined, said.

That Constables are appointed under Acts 29 and 31 Geo. 2d, which Acts are in many Articles defective: — That 80 Constables, which is the Number limited, are not sufficient: — That they are appointed by the Leet Jury, which has been attended with great Partialities; for the Leet Jury being composed of the Overseers of the several Parishes of the preceding Year, they protect each other from serving the Office of Constable: — That in general opulent Inhabitants are excused, and young Tradesmen returned; That if a rich Man is now-and-then returned, he is generally got off by pleading Age or Infirmities'That Deputies are generally hired Men, and though they can’t be appointed, unless approved of by the Deputy High Steward, yet as it is impossible for him to get a true Character of the Person nominated, he finds many unfit Persons are appointed, who, he is informed, make a Trade of serving the Office; for Remedy of which, he proposed, that the Number of Constables should be increased to 120: — He thinks the Burthen of serving the Office of Constables should not lay wholly on the trading Inhabitants, as it does by the late Ad: — That by common Law, every Person, able and fit, is liable to serve: — That the Fine for not serving the Office should be enlarged from £. 8 to £ 20, which Fine should be di-ftributed among those that do serve: And he added. That 12 being obliged to attend daily during the Session of Parliament, as long as either House fits, the Duty comes round to each Individual every Sixth Day, Eight being excepted, who may be lick or kept in reserve; during which Attendance the Constables must necessarily neglect their own Business: — With relped to the High Constable, he said. It is an Office of great Burthen and Trust: — That by Law, he, the Witness, is obliged to appoint a substantial Tradesman to that Office; that the Person appointed is not to continue in Office above Three Years, and is liable to a Penalty of 20 for refusing to serve, which Penalty goes to the Poor of the Parish; upon which he observed, that the High Constable should not be a Tradesman, because his Power enables him to oblige the Keepers of Public Houses to deal with him, or those with whom he is concerned in his Way of Trade: — That the Penalty on Persons refusing to serve the Office should be increased; that the High Constable should have a Reward for his Service; and that the Constables of the Night should have a Reward also.

Mr. Rqhisforth, the High Constable of

being again examined, said, lie was of Mr. s Opinion.

Sir John Fielding, being again examined, said, That Ballad-fingers are a greater Nuisance than Beggars, because they give Opportunity to Pickpockets, by collecting People together: — That the Songs they sing are generally immoral and obfeene; the People themselves capable of Work, and of the lowest and most abandoned Order of People: — For Remedy of which, he proposed, that all Ballad-fingers should be considered as Vagrants, and be made liable to the same Punishments, no Person being a Vagrant now but who comes within some One of the Descriptions of Vagrancy in the Vagrant Act: And the High Constable, being again examined, informed the Committee, That he has often had Warrants for taking up Ballad-fingers: That lie has apprehended a great many; notwithstanding which, their Numbers increase, and they are become a very great Nuisance: — That they have often been dispersed, but still continue the Practice.

Sir John Fielding, being again examined, said. That the City of Westminster is a Franchise under the Dean and Chapter of Westminster: — That the Common Gaol

thereof is called the Gate H, to which Offenders of every Kind apprehended within the Liberty of -

Jler have been usually committed for some Years back, to the Number of 600 or 700 annually: — That in this Gaol there is little or no Allowance or Provision for the Prisoners, but what arises from the Charity of Passengers, seldom amounting to more than 5 or 6 Shillings a Week; the greatest Part of which is given to the Beggar at the Window for the Day: — That the said Gaol appears, from Experience of the Magistrates, to be too small for the Number, and too weak for the safe Custody of Prisoners; — That to this Gaol, Persons in Execution for Debts recovered in the Court of Conscience are committed; and he said. He believed this is the only Gaol in England, where there is not some Provision for poor and distressed Prisoners; — and he added, that when a Magistrate commits a Man to that Gaol for an Assault, he does not know but he commits him there to ltarve: — for these Reafpns, as well upon the principles of Humanity as of Civil Policy, this ought to be remedied; and that on account of the vast Increase of Inhabitants, Property, and Number of Offenders, there ought to be in Westminster, a strong, capacious, and useful Gaol, and there is no such Thing at present: — That the said Gaol, called the Gate House, is a very old Building, subject to

be repaired by the said Dean and Chapter, who appoint the Gaoler: — That the supposed original Ule of this Gaol, was for the Purposes of committing Clerks Convict; the Commission of Magistrates of is

not later than Charles the 1 ft’s Reign: — They began first to commit Offenders to this Gaol, rather by Sufferance than by Right; and he observed, that however proper it may have been for its original Purposes, it is unequal to the present Occasions, and, as he apprehends, cannot be altered without a Law: And he further informed the Committee, That the Magistrates of Westminster have rc-presented this Mischief to the Dean and Chapter, who acknowledge it, are willing to pull it down, and to give a Piece of Ground in their Royalty, in Tot hill Fields, to build a new Gaol upon, and to subject the fame, with every Thing the reunto belonging, to the Magistrates of Westminster, under such Regulations as the Legislature shall think proper, provided a Sum be granted by the Public for building the fame; and he added, that Elti-mates have been made, by which it appears that a very effectual Gaol may be built for the Sum of£.2,500:

In order therefore to remedy the Inconveniencies above mentioned, he proposed, that such Gaol should be built and kept in Repair out of the County Rate, which he laid may be done without Injury to the County at large, for this Reason, that there is but one Rate at present for Middlesex and Westminster, near One Third of which

is

to Geo. III. 10° Aprilis\881

is paid by the latter since the Increase of Buildings there: — That this Proportion is much greater than the Expences required by the Act for County Rates would subject Westminster to; and he added. That the Gaol called the House of Correction in is repaired

by the Magistrates of Westminster and the Expence is paid by virtue of their Orders on the County Treasurer j that the same Thing, if allowed by Parliament for the Repair of the proposed new Gaol, will answer the Purpose, without separating the Rate.

James Sayer, Esquire, being again examined, concurred with Sir John Fielding in every Particular.

Sir John Fielding, being again examined, informed the Committee, That about 6 or 7 Years ago the Magistrates of Westminster had no other Court House but a

Place at the Bottom of the Stairs, leading to the House of Commons, called Hell, to keep their Sessions in: — The Increase of Business and of Offences in Westminster made it impradicable to carry on the Business there: The Nuisance was represented by the Magistrates to the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Northumberland, who said. He had then applied for Redress; and told the Chairman,-that it could not be taken up by Government then, but would be in future considered: In the mean Time, at his own Expence, amounting to 800, he directed the Chairman to prepare a large House in King Street,' Westminster, which was formerly a Tavern, to be made proper for a Court House, that the Magistrates, for their Sessions, the Burgesses for their Courts, the Lieutenancy for the Militia, Commissioners of Sewers for the Execution of their Business, Grand Juries for the County of Middlesex, Writs of Enquiries for the Sheriff's,

and Meeting of Inhabitants for nominating their Representatives, should ule the said Building; for all which Purposes, it has been constantly, effectually, and conveniently used: That it is scarce possible for the above Business to be traniaded without it; and the Establishment of it is as essential to the Civil Power as any Thing that has been mentioned: — That the Purchase of the said Building, and fitting it up, cost the Duke of Northumberland near J. 4,000; and he added. That this Building also might be kept in Repair by the County Rate, at an Average of J. 30 or J. 40 a Year.

James Sayer, Esquire, confirmed the foregoing Evidence: And,

Sir John Fielding said. He thinks the acting Part of the Magistrates in Westminster is in as good a state as it ever was, and more free from Imputations or Neglect of Duty: — That it would be useful to have some Persons of Rank and Condition in the Commission of the Peace for Westminster, who would attend at the Quarter Sessions, where they would become acquainted with the Conduct of the Magistrates in general, give a Dignity to the Commission, support the acting Magistrates on great Occasions, and give Encouragement to such of them as discharged their Trust becoming the Honour of the Commission, and discountenance those who did not: And he added. That for the last Two or Three Years, the Magistrates of Westminster have gone through very painful Duty, and have been very diligent in it; and having been feniible of the Necessity of their Attendance, have mutually agreed to attend at any Time or Place, upon the least Notice from their Chairman.

James Sayer, Esquire, being again examined, admitted that the Magistracy at present is composed in general of Persons of Character, and that Justice is administered with Activity, Diligence, and Skill; but alledged, that it has been otherwise formerly, and may be the same hereafter; and therefore he was of Opinion, that a Regulation in the Magistracy of Westminster is necessary: — That there should be a Qualification of Justices; — that they should have a Reward for acting, as the moll Part of their Time will be devoted to the Public Service: — That the Fees to be taken by their Clerks should be appropriated to some public Service, such as a Vagrant Hol'pital; — that there should be certain Rotation Vox. 32.

Offices established by Law; — that, as he apprehends, One such Office might be sufficient, if properly regulated; — that the Rotation Office should do all the Business, except in emergent Cafes; and that the private Offices of Justice of the Peace should be abolished, because it l'ometimes happens that a Man committed for a notorious bailable Offence, is carried to another Justice, who bails him without knowing the Enormity of his Offence: And,

Sir John Fielding laid, That in criminal Offence? that nearly regard the Public, it is impradicable to use a Rotation Office, as there are many Things that are necessary to be kept secret; — and though the Whole of the Circumstances must be known to the acting Magistrate, yet they cannot be known by a fresh Magistrate who attends in Rotation.

And he added, That the great Number of Brothels and irregular Taverns, carried on without Licence from the Magistrates, are another great Cause of Robberies, Burglaries, and other Disorders; and also of Neglect of Watchmen and Constables of the Night in their respective Duties: That these Taverns are kept by Persons of the moll abandoned Characters, such as Bawds, Thieves, Receivers of stolen Goods, and Marshalsea. Court and Sheriffs Officers, who keep lock-up Houses: The principal of these Houses are situate in Covent Garden; — about 30 in St. Mary le Strand; — about 12 in Martin*% in the Vicinity of Covent; — about 12

in St. Clement's; — 5 or 6 at Charing; — and in Hedge

Lane about 20: — That there are many more dispersed in different Parts of Westminster, in Goodman's Fields and Whitechapel, many of which are remarkably infamous, and are the Cause of Disorders of every Kind, Shelters for Bullies to protect Prostitutes, and for Thieves; are a Terror to the Watchmen and Peace Officers of the Night, a Nuisance to the Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood, and difficult to be suppressed by Prosecution,*for want of Evidence; and in short, pregnant with every other Mischief to Society: — That any Person desirous of gaining a Livelihood by keeping a Place of public Entertainment, who is of good Reputation, can obtain a Licence with Ease from the Magistrates to keep such House, when a Public House in any Neighbourhood happens to be vacant that has been licenced before; the Magistrates of Middlesex and Westminster, having long held it to be a Rule essential to the public Good, rather todiminifli, than increase, the Number of Public Houses: — That Persons of abandoned Characters, by applying to the Commissioners of the Stamp Office, may obtain a Licence for felling Wine; by virtue of such Licences it is that the Taverns above described are kept open; for the aforesaid Commissioners are impowered by Law to grant such Licences to whom they shall think fit: — That Licences, for selling Spirituous Liquors by Retail are not granted by the Commissioners of Excise, unless the Parties produce to them a Licence under the Hands and Seals of Two Justices of the Peace to sell Ale: — That Magistrates cannot by Law authorize any Person to sell Ale without a Certificate of such Person’s being of good Fame, and sober Life and Conversation; so that producing this Licence to the Commissioners establishes their Character with them, and takes away the Necessity of any Enquiry: — For Remedy of which, he proposed that Wine Licences should be placed by Law under the same Restraints as the Licences for selling spirituous Liquors now are — This Remedy, he apprehended, might probably reduce the Revenue of Wine Licences; if confined to the Bills of Mortality, it would, in his Opinion, diminish it no more than £. 400 per Ann. but if extended to Portsmouth, Plymouth, Chatham, and other Dock

Yards, it may lessen it £. 200 more: — He added, that he thinks it more necessary to correct the Evil in these Parts, as it has a direct Tendency to corrupt and destroy the very Vitals of the Constitution, the Lives of the useful Seamen, who, by means of thele Houses, become the Objects of Plunder as long as they have any Money,

and

Burglaries

and

Jobberies.

burglaries

and

Robberies#

882 1 o’ Jprilis* A. 1770.

and are induced to become Robbers when they have none s — And he informed the Committee, That there is another great Evil which is the Cause of these Disorders, namely, the immense Number of Common Prostitutes, who mostly from Nccelfity infeft the Streets of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, attended

by common Soldiers, and other Bullies, to protect them from the Civil Power; These Prostitutes, when they have secured the unwary Customers, lead them to some of the aforesaid Taverns, from whence they seldom escape without being robbed: — The Cause of this Evil, as he apprehends, is the great Difficulty, as the Law now stands, to punish those Offenders, they being, as common Prostitutes, scarce, if at all, within the Description of any Statute now in being: And he added, that this subjects Watchmen, Roundhouse-keepers, Constables, and even the Magistrates themselves, to Prosecutions from low Attorneys: — That the Remedy, in his Opinion, should be to declare, that Persons walking or plying in the said Streets for lewd Purposes after the Watch is set, Handing at the Doors, or appearing at the Windows of such Taverns, in an indecent Manner, for lewd Purposes, shall be considered as Vagrants, and punished as such: — That as to the Circumstance of Street Beggars, it never came to his Knowledge that they are under Contribution to the Beadles.

Mr. Rainsforth, the High Constable, being called,

delivered in a Paper, called the State of in Westminster, which Paper is hereunto annexed; and laid. That all the Watchmen being assembled at on

Saturday the 24th of March, to see the Housebreakers, they appeared to him, in general, very infirm, and unfit to execute that Office: — Then,

Mr. ’Thomas Heath, a Burgess of the Duchy of Lancaster, being examined, said, That both the Constables and Watch within the said Duchy, are very insufficient anc^ defective.

Upon the whole of which Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That since the 29th Day of September last, 104 Houses within the Cities of London, Westminster, and the Parts adjacent, have been broke open, and Plate, Jewels, and other Goods, stolen therefrom, to the Amount of £. 4,241 Pounds; that the said Evil hath increased very much of late Years, and is likely still to increase, unless some effectual Provision be made to prevent it.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That to put a Hop to the said Evil, the Number of Constables in the City and Liberty of St.

Martin's le Grand, and such Parts of the Duchy of Lan-cafer as are within the said Liberty, should be increased; and that all Persons being Householders within the same, other than the Members of both Houses of Parliament, aClting Justices of the Peace, and certain other Officers and Persons, should be made liable to serve as Constables, or pay a Penalty for refusing to serve the said Office; and that a new Mode of appointing and discharging them should be adopted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of Watchmen in the said Places should be increased, more able Persons appointed, their Pay augmented, another Method adopted for appointing the m; that their Beats, or Districts, should be less ex-tehfive; their Duty be made general; and that they should be put under One general Direction.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Beadles in many Parishes are not at present of sufficient Service; that they should. for the future, be employed under another Name, and under some general Direction, as Regulators of the Watchmen, and to take up Vagrants and other disorderlv Persons, in their respective Wards; and that their Number should be inGrealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty of Constables and Watchmen, and of Beadles under another Name, should be regulated, with 8

proper Encouragements for doing their Duty, and Penalties for their Neglect of it.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the receiving of Stolen Goods, particularly Gold and Silver Plate and Jewels, should be made more penal, and the Receivers of them, particularly of those taken by Burglary or Highway Robbery, be made Principals.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision should be made for ttansporting Criminals, which now are transported to America, to the Coast of Africa and to the East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That common Ballad Singers, by collecting great Numbers of People about them, give Opportunities for picking Pockets, and are a great Nuisance; and that some effectual Provision should be made for suppressing . them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present unrestrained Method of granting Licences to fell Wine, in and about the City and Liberty' of Westminster, gives an Opportunity to Persons of the most abandoned Characters, to open Houses for the retailing of Wine to be drank in the said Houses as Taverns, which are frequented by every Species of disorderly Persons, and is a great Cause of Robberies and other Disorders; and that the said Method should be restrained.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House in King Street, Westminster, called Guildhall, which is now the Property of his Grace the Duke of Northumberland, and was some Years ago fitted up by him at his own Expence, hath been of great Benefit in the holding the Sessions for the said City and Liberty, and for doing other essential public Business regarding the fame, and is absolutely necessary for those Purposes.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Prison, called the in the City of

Westminster, to which a great Number of Criminals and Debtors are committed, is too small, and totally unfit for the Purposes of a Common Gaol in the present increased State of the said City, and the Liberty thereof; and that there is no certain Allowance for the Maintenance of the Prisoners committed thereto.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a strong and capacious Gaol for the City and Liberty of Westminster should be built in another Place, and some Provision be made for the Maintenance of the Prisoners which are or shall be committed to the Gate-house, and to the said New Gaol, when built.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That larger and more convenient Roundhouses should be provided in the said City and Liberty of and in Saint Martin's le Grand, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which is within the said Liberty; and that no Liquor should be fold therein.

The following short Remarks made by S. Rainsforth, High Constable, on Friday Night, the 23d March 1770:

Saint Marg

3 Q" past 11, Constable came after I was there, Houseman and Beadle on Duty; 41 Watchmen with Saint John’s united, at %$d. p Night, with One Guinea at Christmas, and One Guinea at Lady Day, and Great Coats, as a Present; their Beats large: — Was obliged to take a Soldier into Custody, for being out of his Quarters, and very infblent, with several more Soldiers, in the Streets; at 12 o’Clock called out. Watch, but could get no Assist-tance from them.

ro'Geo. lit.

Io° AprUts. 883

Saint George's.

\ past 12: Constable and Housemen on Duty; $7 Watchmen at 1 s. per Night, and Great Coats: 2 Men had attempted to break into Lady House,

near Hyde Park Corner, but were prevented.

Saint James's.

1 o’Clock t Constable and Beadle on Duty; Streets Very quiet, meeting with no Disorders; 56 Watchmen at 1 x. per Night for 5 Months, and 8 d. for 7 Months, with Coats, Lanterns, and Candles.

Saint Ann's.

I 1: Constable gone his Rounds; 25 Watch-men 1 x. per Night 6 Months, and 9 d. the other 6, with Candles; no Disorders.

Saint Martin's.

' 2 o’Clock: Constable, Regulator, and Beadle, on Duty; 43 Watchmen at £. 14 per Annum, Candles and great Coats; every thing quiet; Beats large.

- Saint Patti's, Covent Garden.

\ past 2: Constable, Housekeeper, and Beadle, on Duty; 22 Watchmen at 1 x. per Night, down to 8 no Disturbance.

severally rejul a Second Time, Were, updh the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Sixth Reiblution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Reiblution be postponed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tell^ for } '*

TeUen for the Noes, jJg} 47-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Reiblution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Seventh and Eighth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time,’ were severally ordered to be re-committed.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally rea,d a Second Time, were, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, punu-‘ ant to the Resolutions which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Fuller, Sir John Turner, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. *

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty’S> Command,

General Account of Sales of His Majesty’s, Lands in the Southern Charibbee Blands, in the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769.

And -the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tablfi, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the othes Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Or* der, a Bill to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons, during a Recess of Parliament, to ifluft his War* rants to the Clerk of the Crown to make out hew Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members who shall happen to die. during such Recess of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Saint Clement Danes.

Past 3: no Constable on Duty; found a Watchman there at a great Distancefrom his Beat; from thence went to the Night Cellar facing Arundel in the Strand, which is in the Duchy, and there found of Saint ment's Watchmen drinking; Saint Mary le Strand, no Attendance, having only two Constables, which only attends every other Night; 3 Watchmen, Duchy included, at 1 x. each; a very disorderly Cellar near the Hew Church, for felling Saloop, tec. to very looie and suspected Per-Ibns; Saint Clement's Watchmen 22, at 1 x.

Summary of Watchmen.

Saint Margaret's and Saint John's 41 Watchmen.

Saint George's - 57 D#

Saint James's - 56 D®

Saint Ann's 33 D*

Saint Martin's <+ — 43 D®

Saint Paul's, Covent Garden - 22 D®

Saint Clement Danes 22 D®

Saint Mary le Strand - - 3 D®

267 in all.

The Five First Resolutions of the Committee, Vol. $£.-

A Petition of Archibald Keir, of Calcutta, in Bengal, Merchant, on Behalf of himself, his Partners, and Others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for compelling Persons dismissed the Service of the East India Company to depart from the East Indies, and for better regulating the Servants of the said Company, and for other Purposes; and that the Petitioner is advised the same is, lb far as re* Ipefts the authorizing the Company to send to land any of His Majesty’s Subjects from the British Settlements in the East Indies, without their own Con-fen t, or otherwise than by due Course of Law, contrary to Justice, and to the fundamental Principles of this Constitution: And therefore praying the House, That he may be heard, by himself or his' Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as may asse<ft him; and that he may have such other Relief in' the Premisses, as to the House shall seem just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instru<ftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Governor and* Company of Merchants

xo Q of

Account; Chari bboc Mauds.

Issue of Writs.

East India Company; respectinj dismissed Servants*

LevanP

Company.

Supply-

884 io® — 11®

of England* trading into the Levant , being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House. v

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read j Setting forth, That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has for a long Series of Years been carried on iby a Society of Merchants* incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in Order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and for protecting His Majesty’s Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found necessary that there should be an Arribaflador sent from England to reside at -

tinople; and that there should be Consuls, Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants in the other Parts of the Turkish Dominions where any British Subjects reside, and where the English carry on Trade; the whole Expence whereof has been hitherto borne by the Turkey Company, and, together with other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on the said Trade, has of late Years amounted to upwards of ^.10,000 per Annum; and tljat the said Trade to and from , once so

flourishing, is now, from many unavoidable Events, and concurring Circumstances, much reduced; and the Petitioners are sensible, that they should not discharge the Duty incumbent upon them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public, if they did ‘riot declare their Inability to proceed any farther, ‘unless relieved by Parliament; and that the Petitioners are very thankful for the Assistance granted them by Parliament in the last Session, which was duly applied: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such farther Assistance as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upoa the ‘Table.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refblutions which the Committee had 'directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for paying and discharging the Debts claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estates which became forfeited to the Crown, by the Attainder of George late Earl of Cromarty, of Francis Buchanan late or Arnprior, of Archibald Mac Donald of Barrifdale, of Francis Far-quharfon late of Monaltry, of Donald Mac Donald late of ' Kinlockmoy dart, of Charles Stuart late of Ardfckiel, of Donald Cameron late of Locof Allon Cameron of Callart, of Donald Mac Donald of Lochgary, and of Evan Mac Pherson of Cl tiny, or so much of the said Debts as shall be remaining unsatisfied, according to the several Decrees in that Behalf respectively made by the Lords of Session in Scotland, and pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and also for paying and dif charging the Prices agreed to be paid to the Lords Superiors, for the Purchase of the Superiorities of, and ‘ likewise for their Claims of Property to, the Lands and ’ Estates which became forfeited to the Crown, by the Attainder of Daniel Cameron of Lochiel, Charles Stuart of Ardfckiel, Donald Mac Donald of KMockmoydart, Evan Mac Pherson of Cluny, Donald Mac Donold of Lochgary, according to the several Contracts of Agreement in that Behalf respectively made by the Commissioners appointed and authorized to treat for the same on the Part of

Aprilis.; A. 1770.

the Crown, and pursuant to the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, together with the necessary Expences attending such Payments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-six thousand Four hundred Sixty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1769, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, in respect of Five Millions borrowed, by virtue of an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year

x758'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand and Eleven Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence Half-

6nny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good-the eficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of a further Encouragement to be given to the British and Irish Linen Manufactures.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Excise to defray the Expence of building the new Office of Excise in London, out of His Majesty’s Revenues of Excise not otherwise appropriated.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11* Aprilis;

Anno 10° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

SIR George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Township of Great Cowden, in the several Patifhes of Mapleton and Alin , in the jEast Riding of the County of York, was comr mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Three Persons, Proprietors of Six Oxgangs and Half of Land, who were wrote to, but returned no Answer; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed is 54 Oxgangs and an Half) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon

Linen

Manufactory*

Excise

Office.

Great

Cowden

Inclosure*

to Giio. III. ti\Aprilis. 88$

: the Question severally put thereupon were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Ametidments, be ingossed.

Greenwich -An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hospital. for vesting several Messuages or Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in Stable Yard in the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, lately the Estate of Thomas Elvy, Bricklaye/, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold to the Commissioners, or Governors and Directors, of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Use of the said Hospital, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed lo such Uses as the said Messuages or.Tenements do now Hand limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller, Sir George Bridges Rodney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

SdgectmbeV Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to whom Eftatu. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable George Lord Edgecumbe, to grant Building Leases of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor of Stonehou/e, otherwise East Stone house, in the County of Devon, was com-- - mitted i That the Committee had examined the Alle-

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Duasforth An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Indoluie. Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Pasture;s, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township or Territories of Upper Dunsfotth and Branton, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township or Territories of Upper Duasforth, and Branton, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

East India Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth be added to the Company; Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in /i‘‘lin2 a Bill for the better enabling the United Company of Forced Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to raise a Military Force, for the Protection of their Settlements and Possessions in India.

Ditto. Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better enabling the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to raise a Military Force, for the Protection of their Settlements and Possessions in India: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Expiring Mr. Garth reported from the Committee, who were

*‘aws* appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near

expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued j That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to Vox.. 3 L.

report to the Hostie; arid Ke read the Report in his Place; and afterwards 'delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Resolutions'of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commitfee,

That so much of an Act- rharde in the Third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-first?and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America 1 and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom; to Spanifk Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in Am;and which was to continue, in Force for Seven Years, from the 25th Da/ of March 1763, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is hear expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,'

That so much of an Act made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving fe--veral Acts for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles, and for indemnifying Justices of the Peact and others who have acted under the said Acts; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits j and for allowing further Time for paying Duties omitted to be paid upon Contrafts with-Clerks and Apprentices; for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bilk, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft* burnt, or destroyed; and for repaying to Joseph Glover and John Bill the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and, for allowing the same to be landed for Home Consump- . tion; and for preventing Parish Poor being paid in base or counterfeit Coin; as relates to the reviving several Acts for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles, and which was to continue in Force from the 25th Day of December 1769, to the End of the next Sessioix of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued* with Amendments.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon* postponed.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Second Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House: and that Mr. (jarth, Mr/

Fuller, Mr. Gilbert, and Sir Robert Ladbroke, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of the Act mentioned in the First Resolution of the said Committee* and which has been postponed.

The House proceeded to take into Corisideration the poll|(on

Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, &c.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of ftnall Small DebuJ Debts, within the Parishes of Poulton, Kirkham,

and Bifpham, and Townships of Preefall and Stalmine, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6, 1. 27. Leave out from " Offices" to " and 0 ih Pr. 7,1. 23.

Pr. 7, 1. 25. Leave out from "Time" to " whenever " ill 1. 33.

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered%

88 6 i\* Aprilis* A. 1770.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange dcrcarry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by t,heir Lorchhips.

Mary-ie-Bone Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to JSJtwChurch. whom the Petition of the Most noble Margaret Caven-diskc Duchess Dowager of Portland, and of the Most noble William Henry Cavendifhe Duke of Portland, and the humble Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the Ccrunty of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and others the Vestrymen and inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Luke Idefon, being examined, said, That if Provision Was made for declaring the present Parish Church a Parochial Chapel, and for erecting a House for the Minister of the said Parish, it would be a great Benefit to the said Parish.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for building a new Parish Church, and for making a Cce-metery, or Church Yard, in the Parish of Saint Mary-lerbone, in the County of Middlesex, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the said Parish.

Burton: An ifigrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Manors. for veiling the Two Undivided Fourth Parts of Priscilla Allen, the Wife of John AUett, Esquire, and of William James Warner, Samuel George Warner, Rebecca Warner, and Mary Jane Charlotte Warner, the only Children of Alice Warner, the late Wife of William Warner, Gentleman, of and in the Manors or reputed Manors of Great Bourton and Little B our ton, and divers Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, in the County of 0„t-ford, in Trustees, to sell and convey the same to William Prowett, Gentleman, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Manner therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Com; ' Mr. Whitbread presented to the House, according to Kcgiflcring Order, a Bill for registering the Prices at which Com is the Prices. jn several Counties of Great Britain: And the

feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Issue of A Bill to enable the Speaker of the House of Cornet8* mons, during a Recess of Parliament, to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members who shall happen to die during such Recess of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 24th Day of this Instant April, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, upon the said Bill.

1

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hojufe* 18

to coftfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being.read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, disposeble by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitwort\ took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by. the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant^r/7, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according East to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com- ncourc* monable Lands and Grounds, in East Heflerton, in the Parish of West Hejlerton, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, That Mr. fomkyns, from Account; the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; ImPom* he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, or imported into, England, from Christmas 1767 to Christmas 1769, as far as the feme can be made up; distinguisliipg each Place.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr# Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Exports Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the Seventh to Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback, of the Duties of Customs, upon the Ex- 1 portation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware, exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the Clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, as relates to the Duties upon Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scale-boards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America; and also to the discontinuing the Drawbacks papble on China Earthen Ware, exported to America; and for regulating the Exportation thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Worceftff far better, supplying the City-of Worcester, and the Li-

bercies

ooooie.

Glasgow ‘ to Monkland Navigation.

Tamworth

Rbad*.

Walworth

laclosure.

Eoxton

tndofure.

Clyde

Navigation.

Sprenbarttattd

and

Marlborough

jvoads

Bur ford, &c.

Road.

Essex

County Gaol.

Rice.

io Geo. III. it* Apr Hit.. 87

berties thereof with Water, and for the better paving and Ordered, That ttie Order of the Day, for the House to Excise

lighting the said City; and for removing and preventing tefolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon all Obstructions and Annoyances therein; without any the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Excise to defray Amendment: And also, the Expence of building the new Office of Excise in

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act London, out of His Majesty’s Revenues of Excise not for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, otherwise appropriated, be now read, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries in the Parishes of And the said Order being read accordingly;

Old and Nev) Monkland, to the City of Glasgow; without Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day l^ort-

any Amendment: And also, night, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said for repairing and widening several Roads, leading to Bill, and through the Borough of Tanvworth, and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Notice being taken, that ttis Majesty's tntcrert: is Weltott

lVarwick> and' Derby; without any Amendrtient: And concerned in the Bill for inclosing several Open and Inclosurt* also. Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Manor and Parish of JFelton, in the County of Lincoln, for dividing certain Commons, or Wastes, in the Parish which Bill was, upon Monday last, reported from the of Saint Mary, Newington, commonly called Nerwington Committee, to whom the same had been comtnit-Butts, in the County of Surrey, and disposing of the same ted;

for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish; without any The Lore^YNorth, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-Amendment: And also, quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Foxton, in that the House may do therein, as they shall think the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And fit.

also, An ingrossed Bill for inclosing several Open and

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in the Manor to explain and amend an Act made in the Thirty-second and Parish of Welt on, in the County of Lincoln, was read Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for im- the Third Time.

proving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

Glasgow, and for building a Bridge crols the said River, be, An Act for inclosing several Open and Common from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells; without Fields and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish aAy Amendment i And also, of Welton, in the County of Lincoln.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ordered, That Mr. Whiclicot do carry the Bill to the to continue the Term, and vary and enlarge the Powers, Lords, and desire their Concurrence, of Two Acte, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign The Order of the Day being read, for the . House to gUppiy of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Speenkamlatidy in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Main the County of Wilts, and for repairing several other jesty;

Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: Ordered, That the Abstract of Reports from the

And also, Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, for examining

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and Hating unsatisfied Claims and Demands, alledged tQ Act for repairing and widening the Road from Burford, to be due for Expences incurred during the late War in Banbury, in the County of Oxford; and from Burford Germany, on so much of the said Claims and Demands as aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stowe, in the have hitherto been liquidated, which was presented to.

County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stozve Hill, and the House, upon the 5th Day of April 1764, be referred from Swcrford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the to the said Committee.

Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton*, Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, November 2$

without any Amendment: And also, " 1769, Letter from Mr. Murhard, Minister from the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act <c Landgrave of Hesse, to the Lords Commissioners of . for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex; " His Majesty’s Treasury," be referred to the said Com* without any Amendment. mittee.

And then the Messengers withdrew. Ordered\ That the Petition of the Governor and Com*

pany of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Ordered> That the Order of the Day, for the House Seas, be referred to the said Committee* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, A Motion being made, That the several Accounts ana upon the Bill for extending like Liberty, in the Expor- Estimate which have been presented to the House, m tation of Rice, from East and West Florida, to the South- this Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for ward of Cape Finisterre, in Europe, as is granted by former the Maintenance and Education of exposed and de*

Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia; be now ferted young Children, be referred to the said Corn-read. . mittee;

And the said Order being read accordingly 3 The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. quainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the Consideration of the House, the further Care of the

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com- laid Charity, mittee. Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate be re#

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ferred to the said Committee.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Then the House resolved itself into‘the said Com-

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several mittee.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Mr. Speaker left the she Chair*

to report, when the House will please to receive the Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Corn-

fame. „ . mittee.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. 4

Morning. Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee*

VOL..32. xoR v That

888 ii* — I:

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

M House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole

urn eory. jjoupc> congder further of a further Encouragement to be given to the British and Irish Linen Manufactures;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V---- - V.....* 1 .

yovisy 12* die Aprilis;

Anno io* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1770*

Prayers,

nEfolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant April.

Linen Mr. Dundas, according to Order, reported from the Manufcdoiy; Committee of the whole House, to whom k was referred to consider further of a further Encouragement to be given to the British and Irish Linen Manufactures, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table s Where the feme were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bounties granted on British and Irish Linens exported, by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw linen Yarns made of Flax, which are taken oft' by the said Act, be further discontinued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty be allowed on the Exportation of British chequed and striped Linens.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, granted by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens im-» ported into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the Railing and Dressing of Hemp and Flax, be appropriated*

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in* upon the x6 *

f Aprilis. 1770.

said Resolutions: And that Mr. Dundas, Sir Alexander Gilmour, the £ord Strange, Mr. Vane, the I.x)rd Clare,

Mr. Burke, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Sir Henry Hog hi on, and Mr. Dyson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. IVhichcot reported from the Committee, to whom Ndthorpri the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate*, for veiling the Freehold Estates, late of James Nelthorpe,

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in order that the fame, or a sufficient Part thereof, may be fold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein expressed, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Mr. Tudway presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Parish Church, and NewChurcL declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, for making a Coemetery, or Church Yard, and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex: And the feme was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Suffer, in the room of the Right honourable James Grenville, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Boncnham, in the County of Buckingham.

Sir Thomas Frankland reported from the Committee, Matfrrfy to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure* Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Matterfey, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Proprietors and Owners of Land, and Common Rights, in, over, and upon, the Open Fields and Commons, in the Township of Matterfey, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That no Counsel appeared in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfeftion of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands and Estates, having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, which are assessed to the Land Tax at £. 8 per Annum, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Lands and Estates, having Right of Common upon the said Lands, are assessed to the Land Tax at £. 51 per Annum, or thereabouts); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they, had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One.; and, upon. the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

ro Geo. III. 1$° A. 889

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

tfington Mr. Hawke reported from the Committee, to whom idoiure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds,- within the Township of Eafington, in Holdefness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Three Persons, whole Property in the said Fields consist of 47^ Acres, and Cottages, and that the Whole of the Lands in the said Fields, intended to be inclosed, consist of 1310^ Acres, and 92 Cottages) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-five thousand Five hundred Sixty-five Pounds, and Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to discharge such unsatisfied Claims and Demands, for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, as appear to be due to the Landgrave of HeJJe Cajftly by the Reports of the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, for examining and stating such Claims and Demands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Six hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education, of exposed ana deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760. from the 31st Day of December 1769, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1770, inclusive; and that the said Sum be issued and paid, for the Use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, to enable the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital to put out Apprentice such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, so as the said Governors and Guardians do not give with any one Child more than the Sum of Seven Pounds; and that the said Sum be issued and paid, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vox.. 32.

Sir Charles IVlitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w'hom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for faifing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s "Fable 1 Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Seven hundred and Seventy-three thousand Two hundred and Forty Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and One Halfpenny; being the Surplus of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the Fifth Day of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Thirteen thousand Five hundred and Ninety-six Pc^mds, Five Shillings, and Ten-pence Half-penny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, for the Disposition of Parliament, over and above the Surplus of the Sinking Fund then remaining for the same Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico, in the British Plan-. tations in America; and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spant/b Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America 5 and which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the last of, the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Garth, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Homed Cattle, in Great Britain: And that Mr. Cooper, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Sir Charles Whit-worthy and Mr. Lyon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the* Bill for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice, from East and West Florida, to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Europe, as is granted by former Acts. of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better enabling the United

Dirtefflpcf

among

Cattle*

Rice*

890 12° ApriliS. A. 1770.

Ball India United Company of Merchants of England, trading nies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Draw-Company; to the East Indies, to raise a Military Force, for the back of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation Raifinga Protection of their Settlements and Possessions in India, from this Kingdom, of Coffee $nd Cocoa Nuts of the Forced be printed. Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for dif-

continuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Customs; A Bill for rectifying a Mistake in att Act, made itl Ware exported to America; and for more effectually' to rectify a the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Mistake, better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Colonies and Plantations, as relates to the Duties upon Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places, to Glass, Red Lead, White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, of the Pro- Majesty’s Customs, in the Province of Senegambia, in duce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into Africa \ for allowing to the Receivers General of the any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America; and alto to Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper the discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the Earthen Ware exported to America, and for regulating better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, the Exportation thereof:

in Forests, Chaces, and Private Grounds, and of Trees An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces, and for autho- Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending and further rizing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and renin the Islands of Orkney, was read a Second Time. der more effectual in His Majesty’s Dominions in Arne-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. rica, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, of the whole House. and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Resolved, That this House will, upon 7uefday Seven- Quarterst night, the 24th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elec-into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said tions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: Bill. An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within

that Part of Great Britain, called England:

Lock’s Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to whom An Act for preventing the Stealing of Dogs:

Will, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act An Act for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the to enable the surviving Executor named in the Will County of Essex:

of William Lock, Esquire, deceased, to layout the Re- An Act for further continuing the Duties granted’ fidue of the Personal Estate of the said William Lock, and continued by several Acts, made in the Sixth and or some Part thereof, in the Purchase of Estates in Ire- Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the land, to be conveyed, settled, and assured, to the Uses, Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, Tor upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes, and repairing the Harbour and Quay of Watchett, in the subject to the Powers and Provisoes, mentioned, de- County of Somerset:

dared; and contained, in and by the said Will, instead An Act for further continuing the Terms and Powers of laying out the same in the Purchase of Estates in granted and continued by Three Acts, passed in the England, as by the said Will is directed; was committed; Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of William the Third, That the Committee had examined the Allegations the Tenth of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of the Bill, and -found the same to be true; and of his late Majesty George the Second, so*t recover- that the Parties concerned had given their Consent ing, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and Minehead, in the County of Somerset, and for the more that the Committee had directed him to report the effectual carrying the said Acts into Execution; and Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he also for the better securing the ancient Dues payable to delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Minehead, for the

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Time being:

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

Ordered, That Mr. Edmonstone do carry the Bill to the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Second, for improving the Navigation of the River to the fame, without any Amendment. Clyde, to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge

cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village Cirmarthea Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to of Gorbells:

Writ< the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the An Act to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of

electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this pre- the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navi-sent Parliament for the County of Carmarthen, in the gable Cut or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Boom of George Rice, Esquire, who, since his Election Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Trea- Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, and for granting further surer of the Chamber. Powers for that Purpose:

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly~ Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for making the tteux. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's

Mr. Speaker, Lynn, to Westacre, in the County of Norfolk, and for

Royal Meat 1 The King commands this honourable House to at- making the said Act more effectual:

to tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Bills. Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, to attend His Majesty. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut

And being returned; or Canal from the River Severn, between Bewdley and

r Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Tit ton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to cross the His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty River Trent at or near Heywood Mill, in the County of was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to Public and Private Bills following; viz. be made between the said River Trent and the RiVer

An Act to repeal (b much of an Act made in the Mersey, and for granting further Powers for that Pur-Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, pofej.

An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colo- An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut

, i

*" ' or

ro Geo. III. i2° Apr 891

or Canal, and Waggon-way, from the Collieries in the Parishes of Old and New Monkland, to the City of Glasgow:

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanerk, and for making and repairing certain Roads and Avenues leading to the same:

An Act for more effectually paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and for regulating Weights and Measures, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:.

An Act for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town:

An Act for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets and other public Passages in the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Rhood, Saint Lawrence, All Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bary and East Street and Bag Row, within the Town of Southampton, and Liberties thereof; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; and for the lighting and watching the said Streets and public Passages:

An Act for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for the better paving and lighting the said City; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of finall Debts within the Borough of King's Lynn, and the Xiberties thereof:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of finall Debts, within the Pari dies of Poult on, Kirkham, Lytham, and Bifpham, and Town Chips of Preefall and Stalmine, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act to enable the Parishioners of Saint Andrew, Holborn, London, to pure hale a Workhouse:

An Act for building a Workhouse for the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for consolidating the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by, an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from Hindhead Heath, in the County of Surrey, through Fern-hwrjl Lane and Midhurst, to the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Chichester aforesaid, to Delkey, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads, from the South Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for amending the Road from Wellfbourne Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick: v

An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks:

An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing and amending the Road from Biggief-wade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbwry, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon 5 and for repairing widening, turning, and altering the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry, House, in the VOL. 32,

Parish of Tempsford, to and through LiitU Barford, Royal Assent Eynefbury, and Saint Neot's, to the Turnpike Road, at to the End of Cross Hall Lane;

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Hozvell Hill, to Ewell; and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Peble Hill, in the said County; and for impowering the Trustees, appointed by act Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, to make a yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, and putting them under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for repairing the Road from Povey Cross, in the County of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Sussex; and also the Road from Woodhatch to Peteridge Lane, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimfione, and to the Gate next Hillington, on Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk t

An Act for amending and widening several Roads, leading from the Bell in Stoke Ferry, in the county of *

Norfolk:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, therein mentioned; and for amending several other Roads adjoining the reto:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taphouse Lane, to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House; and also the Road from the said Borough of Liskeard, to Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tarpoint', and from Craft Hole aforesaid to Saint Gerr man's Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon; and for amending the Roads from Barn Street to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Post to Treworgy Cross, in the county of "

Cornwall:

An Act to extend the Provisions in Two Acts, passed in the Third and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littleport; and other Roads therein mentioned, to the Road from Wilburton to Mepall; and for making other Provision for repairing the said Road from Ely to Littleport; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from Littleport to Chequer Corner, in Downham, in the

Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham; and from Debdale Hill to the great Northern Road at South Mujk-ham, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Bright hehrftone, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's, to the Town of New- market, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the South, End of the Ferry Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said County of Suffolk:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the 10 S County

S92 Ap / 177a

County of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End, in the County An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Act men- by William Hulme, Esquire, to grant Building Leases tioned: thereof, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners in

An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road Brafen Nose College, Oxford, founded by the said Testator; from Macclesfield in the County of Chester, to the Turn- and for other the Purpose6 therein mentioned: pike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Fernille, in the An Act for vesting the Manor of Snelfion, and certain

County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith: Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Snelfion, in the

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, County of Derby, comprised in the Marriage Settlement leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and of Thomas Dockfey, Esquire, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Staf- and convey the same to Arthur Bowyer, Gentleman, and ford, Warwick, and Derby: his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of the said Settlement;

An Act to continue the-Term, and vary and enlarge and for laying out the Money arising by suchSale, in the the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled of King George the First, and the Eighteenth Year of the in lieu thereof to the same Uses:

Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from An Act for vesting the Share and Interest of George

Specnhamland, in the County or Berks, to Marlborough, in Rich, Esquire, Second Son of Sir Robert Rich, Baronet, the County of Wilts; and for repairing several other Roads deceased, of and in £.6,000 (which, by the Settlement therein mentioned: made on the Marriage of the said Sir Robert Rich, with

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dame Elizabeth Rich, his now Widow, was secured for Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford; and from the Benefit of their younger Children) in the Executors Burford aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stow, of the said Sir Robert Rich, as Part of his Personal Estate, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow Hill; pursuant to a Codicil to his Will, made for that Pur-and from Swerford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to pose:

the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of North- An Act for Sale of the let tied Estate of the Honourable ampton: George Hobart, in the County of Leicester; and for inveil-

An Act for vesting a certain Messuage, or Tenement, ing the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Purchase with the Appurtenances, in Arlington Street, in the County of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses: of Middlesex, Part *of the settled Estate of the Moll noble An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange Evelyn Duke of Kingston, in Trustees and their Heirs, in of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Trull for the said Duke; and for settling other Estates of Dovebridge, in the County of Derby, for other Lands and the said Duke to the same Uses as the said Messuage and Hereditaments, in the same Parish, pursuant to an Agree-Premises now Hand limited: ment between John Fitzherbwt, Clerk, Mailer of Arts,

An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements, Vicar or the Vicarage and Parish Church of Dovebridge, settled and intailed upon Jacob Pleydell Bouverie, com- within the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, and Sir fnonly called Viscount Folkeston, and William Earl of Henry Cavendish, Baronet, by and with the'Consent of the Radnor, and their Issue respectively, by the Will of Patron of the said Vicarage, and the Ordinary of the Sir Mark Stuart Pleydell, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, Diocese:

to be sold, to discharge Incumbrances; and for veiling An Act for empowering the Guardians named in the several Lands and Tenements settled and entailed upon Will of William Throckmorton Bromley, Esquire, deceased, the said Earl and his Issue, by the Will of Sir Edward to make Sale of Timber growing upon Part of his settled Des Bouverie, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; Estates; and for investing the Money thereby arising in and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu the Purchase of Lands for the Benefit of his Infant thereof.: Children:

An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of An Act for establishing, ratifying, and confirming, all certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Win- Sales, Partitions, and Divisions, made, or to be made, by terbonie Clenfton, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, for virtue of the Powers, or Authorities contained in the the Right honourable Joseph Lord Milton and his Heirs, several Marriage Settlements of Sir Walter Blount, Baronet, discharged of the several charitable Uses to which the and the Honourable Dame Mary, his Wife, and of the , feme now Hand limited; and in lieu thereof to subject Honourable Thomas Clifford, the Elder, and the Honour-and charge the lame, and other Lands and Hereditaments able Barbara, his Wife, and for other Purposes: in the same County, whereof the said Joseph Lord Milton An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the is teited in Fee, with the Payment of a perpetual Rent Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George Charge of greater Value, and for other Purposes: the First, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees several

An Act to enable the Right honourable George Lord Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties Edgecumbe, to grant Building Leases, of Lands, Tene- of York and Derby, for the Maintenance of the poor tnent>, and hereditaments, within the Manor of Stone- Persons in the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long house, otherwise Eafi Stonehouse, in the County of Devon: finCe deceased, situate at Sheffield, in the said County <J An Act for confirming an Agreement, afterwards York; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Hospital, made an Order of Assize, and Rule of His Majesty’s and adding more poor Persons to those already established Court of King's Bench, at Westminster, in a Cauie wherein therein; and for enlarging the Powers contained in the John Doe, on the Demise of William Salvin, Esquire, said Act; and for other Purposes:

*nd Catherine his Wife, was Plaintiff, and Margaret An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Thornton and Mary Thornton, Spinsters, Infants, by their Meadows, Pasture Leys, and Stinted Common Pallures, Guardians, were Defendants, touching the Manor of in the Township and Parish of Marion, in the County of Nethenvitton, Capital Messuage of Netherwitton, and Lincoln:

other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Corn-County of Northumberland, heretofore the F.llate of John mon Fields of Little Stretton, in the Parish of Norton, and Thornton, late of Netherwitton aforesaid, Esquire, de- County of Leicester:

ceal'ed; and for confirming the Award made in Pursuance An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com* of the said Agreement: 4 mon Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Commonable Lands

An Act to empower the Trustees named in the Settle- and Grounds, within the Liberties of Stoke Goldington, in ment of Sir George Robinson, Baronet, and Dame Doro- the County of Bucks:

theci, his Wife, to grant Building and Impairing Leases An Act for dividing' and inclosing certain Oped of the settled Estates in or near Tower Hill, within the and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Wait# Liberty of, the Tower of London; and for other the Pur- Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Souldwp, inf poles therein mentioned; the County of Bedford: ‘

at v - An

16 Geo. III. i a0 — 24° 893

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pasture, and all. other Open, Common, and’Waste Lands, in the Parish of Normantm upon Soary in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Com- . monable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Ncct’s, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Abington Pigottsy otherwise Abing-ton in the Clay, in the County of Cambridge;

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and the Midsummer and Lammas and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, and the Common or Waste Ground called Anlcester Heath, within the Manor of Aulctftery in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Westborough and Doddingtony in the Parish of Westborough cum Doddington, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, f Lands, and Commons, within the Township and Parish of Great Ufeburn, in the West Riding of the County of York r

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ashbury, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Notgrovey in the County / of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of East New-tony in* the Parish of Aldborough, in Holderness, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing certain Commons, or Wastes, In the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington, commonly called JNewington Buttsy in the County of Surrey, and dlfpofing of the same for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Pkces, in the Parish of JFoxtony in the County of Leicester.

Warwick Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for -the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, in the room of the Right honourable George Greville, commonly called Lord Grevi/le$ who,- since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

BreatBedwin Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, lo make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwiny in the County x>f fViltsy in the room of William Nor they, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Martis, 24® die A J

Anno 10* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

f\RDEREDy That the Order of the Day, for the n\fcover

House to resolve itself into a Committee erf the whole of the House, upon the Bill for explaining and rendering more LoHRmute effectual several Acts for providing a public Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea, for improving the Lunar Tables construded by the late Professor Meyer, and for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, be now reach

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, the First Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Boone reported from the Committee, to whom Karl «f the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage in Pall Mally and the Pictures and Furniture thereunto belonging, in George Earl of Orford, discharged from certain Trusts created thereof; and for settling Freehold Lands, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the Uses therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment 5 And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Boone do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Dundas presented to the House, according to Bounty Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the 29th Year ,on of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Llncns*

An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported* and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Chequed ana Striped Linens: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Dundas presented to the House, according to Or- Linens; der, a Bill for appropriating a Fund, established by an raising* Ad made, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his pre- Hemp, &c. sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the railing and dressing of Hemp and Flax: And the feme was received; and read' the First Time.

Refohedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ivihftm And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Seven- to enable Charles Andersony now called Charles Pelhamf rnd oibc* night, the 24th Day of this Instant April, Ten Charles the Uncle* and Evelyn SettW*

of the Clock in the Mpming. Esquires, to make Jointures, upon their respective t0i^,rtK

Marriages, out of the Estates devised to them by the 1 Will of Charles Pelham,\a.tt of Brocklejby, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cot, Mr. Medley, &c.: And they are to meet this ’ ' 1 Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Vol. 3a. Chamber.

Lord

804* 24s Aprilit. A. 1770.

Louth, &c. Lord Brownlozv Bertie reported from the Committee, Roads. to whom the Bill'for repairing and widening several Hoads, leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One or them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Coabheavers# A Petition of several Owners and Masters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coal-heavers working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; and for their further Relief; and setting forth, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now (lands, it will be highly injurious to the Petitioners, and subject the Masters of Ships to many Restraints, wherewith it is impossible, from the 'Nature of the Trade, that they . should comply; and that it will greatly tend to increase the Misunderstandings and Disputes between the Masters and the Persons employed in unloading the Ships: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as may affect! them, and receive such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Great cowjon An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inclosure. and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Township of Great Cowden, in the several Parities of Mapleton, and Aldbroughy in Holdernessy in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Township of Great Cotvden, in the several Parishes of Mapleton and Aldbroughy in Holderne/sy in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry‘the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Swale An ingrossed Bill for completing the Navigation of,

"Navigation, the River Szvale, from its Junction with the River Ure, to Morton Bridge, and of Bedale Brook, in the County of York, and for repealing Part of an Act made in the Seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign relating thereto, was read the Third Time.

\ Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for completing the Navigation of the River Swale, from it$ Junction with the River Urey to Morton Bi idge, and of Bedale Brook, in the County of

York, And for repealing Part of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, relating thereto.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from Forfeited the Treasury, attended at the Door;, he was called in; EiUtcs, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the ScotUnd. Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for managing the annexed forfeited " Estates in Scotland, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, which, by an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, is directed to be laid before both Houses of Parliament."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was Vead.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common- Heflmon able Lands and Grounds, in East Heflerton, in the Parish of West Hejlertony in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bourtoa for vesting the Two Undivided Fourth Parts oiPrifcilla A Hetty the Wife of John Allen, Esquire, and of William James Warner, Samuel George Warner, Rebecca Warner, and Mary Jane Charlotte Warner, the only Children of Alice Warner, the late Wife of William Warner, Gentleman, of and in the Manors, or reputed Manors, of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, and divers Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, in the County of Oxford, in Trustees, to sell and convey the same to William Prowett, Gentleman, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Three Pounds^ Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Manner therein mentioned, was read a Second; Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tud-way, Mr. Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet this-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Linen Copy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Cuf- Manuhaary* toms, of the 10th Day of February last, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, on the Petition of the Linen Manufacturers of Great Britain and Sr eland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a (jiopy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Customs, of the 13 th Day of March last, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, on the Memorial of the Manufacturers of Chequed and Striped Linens in and near Manchester, in the County of Lan-c after.

The House being informed, that Mr. RowCy from the Account Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the *c‘

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, exported from Scotland, to His Majesty’s Colonies of

V

io Geo. III. 240 Apr895

East and West Florida, and of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, imported into Scotland, from the same Colonies, from 10th February 1763, the Time of their Establishment, to 5th January 1770; distinguishing each Colony and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Westminster Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

nt* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to lerve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, in the room of the Honourable Edwyu Sandys, now Lord Sandys, called up to the House of Peers.

Champney's Mr» Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to Estates. >whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates late of Richard Champneys, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

St. Mary le A Bill for building a new Parish Church, and declar-Bone ing the present Pan(h Church a Chapel, for making a Church. Coemetery, or Church Yard, and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. 7W-way, Mr. Mackworthy &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Comberford Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to and whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Ara-

lclosure" b^e fields. Meadows, Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Comberford and Wigging ton, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 205 Acres of Land, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, but made no material Objection to the Inclosure; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 2,817 Acres, or thereabouts); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 32.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to New the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Woodstock the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- nt* liament for the Borough of New Woodstock, in the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Spencer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hatfr accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House. Customs; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bin to upon the Bill for rectifying a Mi flake in an Act, made a

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for 1 a*e’ better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places, to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, in the Province of Senegambia, in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland.a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaccs, and Private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the islands of Orkney, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Robert Charles, Agent for the Colony New York; of New York, in Behalf of the said Colony, was pre- BaPcr fented to’ the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Credit. Bill for emitting £. 120,000, in Bills of Credit, to be put out on Loan; and to appropriate the Interest Money thereon to the Payment of the Debts of the said Colony, was unanimously passed by the House of Aflem-bly, and afterwards with the like Unanimity by the Council of that Colony, in their Sessions of April last, and sent up to Sir Henry Moore, Baronet, the then Governor, since deceased, for his Concurrence; which he hesitated to give, from an Apprehension of its interfering with the Statute of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to prevent " Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued in any <c of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America,

" from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money, and to prevent the legal Tender " of such Bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling m and " sinking the lame;" that the said Bill, having been transmitted to His Majesty’s Ministers, hath been laid before His Attorney and Solicitor General, whose Opinion thereon, together with a Petition of the said Colony presented by their Agent to the King in Council, have been submitted to the Consideration of that Board; and that this Paper Credit is not by the Bill made a legal Tender in any other Payments than those at the Loan Offices, and at the Treasury, for Colony Duties; and that the Interest arising from this Emifllon is applicable to the Uses and Necessitics of Government, thereby to answer the Ends and Purposes of its Emission; but Doubts have arisen, whether such Provisions are not contrary to the said Statute: And there*

10 T . ‘ fore

St. James’s, Westminster, Paving.

Privilege

of

Parliament.

Issuing

of

Writs

in

Recess.

Eafington

Inclosure.

West

tteflerton

Indolure.

fofc praying the House, to take the Premises into Confederation, and, by an Amendment or Explanation of the said Statute, to grant the said Colony such Relief as tile Nature of the same shall require.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: and that Mr. Dyson arid Mr. Jackson do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing several Acts, passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint James; and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight, the First Day of May next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Delays of Justice by Reason of Privilege of Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons, during a Recess of Parliament, to iflUe his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members who shall happen to die during such Recefe of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Ten of the Clock.

Mercurit, 2 5* die Aprilis;

Anno iod Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1770.

P ft A V E R S.

NOTICE being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Eastngton, in Holdertiefs, in the East Riding of the County of York; which Bill was, upon Thursday the 12 th Day of this Instartt April, re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields* Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in East Hefterton, in the Parish of West Heflerton, in the East Riding of the County of York; which Bill was Yesterday read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

*7

3 Aprilis. 1770.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Combdord Arable Fields, Meadows, Grounds, Commons, Pastures, r.a"d and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the ^bfu«a Manor of Comberford and Wiggington, in the County of Stafford\ was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Comb eiford and Wiggington, or Prebends of Wiggington and Coton, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His ^ubl',c Majesty’s Exchequer, (landing out the 5th Day of Ja- Debt* nuary 1770, with the Annual interest, or other Charges, payable for the feme.

Mr. Garth presented to the House, according to Or- Indico. der, a Bill for continuing so much of an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bounty Reading of the Bill to continue an Act, made in the °n

Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George lceD,'

the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Chequed and Striped Linens; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, the Second Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Linens; Reading of the Bill for appropriating a Fund, established by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the cmp> Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and (‘reding of Hemp and Flax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night* the Second Day of May next, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Exc;fc to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cfficf. upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Excise to defray the Expence of building the new Office of Excise

in

Supply.

Offices

and

Employments.

ILice.

Customs; Bill to rectify a Mistake.

io Geo. III.

in London, out of His Majesty's Revenues of Excise not otherwise appropriated, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for defraying the Expence of building the new Office of Excise, in London, out of His Majesty’s Revenues of Excise.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jenkinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jenkinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, the Second Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons, in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for allowing further Time for registering and enrolling Agreements entered into for inclosing Commons, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees for Timber or Underwood: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice, from East and West Florida, to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice, from East and West Florida, to the Southward of > Cape Finisterre, in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places, to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, in the Province of Senegambia, in

Vol. 32

Africa; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and Private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the islands of Orkney, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain f

Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places, to London> for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty's Customs, in the Province of Senegambia, in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorising the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwally in the Islands of Orkney.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Widows of the Officers of the Royal Navy Navy, being offered to be presented to the House; Officers

The Lord Nor thy by His Majesty’s Command, ac- WKtewS# quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That for these Six Years past the Petitioners Pensions have gradually ^decreased; and are now so greatly diminished, that for these Two Years they have received considerably leis than Half what they received in Time of War, whereby many Widows have been reduced to insuperable, and feme to insupportable, Distress, Distraction, and Despair; and therefore hope, that the House will take their very unhappy same into Consideration, and make an Addition to their Fund, which is at present so low, and upon such an uncertain Establishment, that they are not able to raise any Money on the Credit of their nominal Pensions, to procure them only a Temporary Relief, being neither certain of the Sum to be received, nor the Time of Payment; for which Reason the Petitioners cannot help thinking their Situation peculiarly singular and unfortunate; the Petitioners therefore further hope, that the distinguished Services rendered to the Public by their brave but unfortunate Husbands will recommend them and their helpless Orphans to the Notice of Parliament, that their Pensions may be fixed and regularly paid, which many of their Husbands have dearly purchased with the Price of their Blood.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Privilege resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon of the Bill to prevent Delays of Justice by llcafon of Privilege of Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to aml Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That 'they do consider of an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitule

Earl of Aylesford’s Estates.

898 2.5 — 2 Aprilis.

A. 1770.

An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estates of Charlotte Countess of Aylesford, and her Issue, in Heritage Earl of Aylesford, and his Heirs; and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Warwick, the Estates of the said Earl, of greater and better Value, to' the like Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Hytide Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

tituled, An Act for raising by Annuities, in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of Twelve Millions, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and also the Monies arising from the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Surplufes, dated 5th April 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated 10th October 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the' Copy of Accounts of the Sales of Lands in the ceded Islands, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the ift of July 1765 (which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Lands in the Islands of Dominico, Tobago, and Saint Vincent, in 1766 (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April 1767) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sale of Lands in the ceded Islands, in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the 18 th Day of July 1767 (which was presented to the House upon the 5 th Day of February 1768) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the General Account of Sales of His Majesty’s Lands in the Southern Charribbee Islands, in the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War (which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of March 1764) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1769, has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 5th Day of April 1770, and the Parts remaining unfa-tisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, the Second Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 26° die Aprilis;

Anno io^ Georgii IIIlil Regis, 1770. Prayers.

SIR John Hynde Cotton reported from tile Commitee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, 21

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord* Westminster ing to Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more raving, effectual, the several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of West rninster, and Parts adjacent; and for granting a further Toll upon certain Horses and Carriages, to be applied to the several Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees, appointed by Acts of Par- Data liament, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and Suffix, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners have, in the Execution of the Trust re-posed in them, endeavoured, in all respects, to accommodate the Public, as well by opening several new Roads, as by watching and lighting the several Avenues to the Cities of London and Westminster, which are under their Direction; for which Purposes, they have been obliged to borrow a very large Sum of Money, on the Credit of the Tolls, which dill remains undischarged; and if any additional Toll should be granted, for Purposes foreign to the Design of the several subsisting Acts, it will be injurious to the Creditors who have advanced Money on the Credit of the said Acts, and a very grievous and unequal Burthen upon the Inhabitants of the said Counties: And therefore praying that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as lays any additional Toll on Horses or Carriages passing through any Turnpike under their Direction.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill for making a navigable Cut or Canal Le€(h

from Leeds, in the County of York, to the Sea Bank, to

near the North Lady's Walk, in Liverpool, and for en- Liverpool larging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed in the Eighth Year of Queen Anne, the Third Year of King George the First, the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, and the Second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Harbour of Liverpoole, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 114, I.35. To leave out " greater or."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House $ and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to the North Lady's Walk, in Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey.

Ordered;

﻿io Geo. III. 26° Apr89$

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

lafington Mr. Hawke reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Eafington, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed. him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Louth, &c. An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Hoads. Roads, leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14, 1. 6. To leave out " Louth aforesaid," and insert " the Head of the said Canal’' instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pembroke Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do Election. attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the several Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the County of Pembroke, since the Year 1660.

Carlton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, a Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Great Carlton and Castle Carlton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, a Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands within the Parishes of Great Carlton and Castle Carlton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jriclcsj&c, Mr. Garth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending several Acts, for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Copies do.lie upon the TabkV to be perused by the Members of the Htiufe.1

The said Copies are preserved afnongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That the Report, which, upon* the Ninth Day of this Instant Aprils was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Francis Dalby, of London, Merchant, was referred, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be read.: .

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Report be re-tomm it ted. Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Bill for continuing so much of an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr.Dyjon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in, and sinking the same; so far as to enable the GQvemor, Council, and Assembly of New York, to pass an Act for creating, and issuing upon Loan, Paper Bills of Credit, to a certain Amount, and to make the same a legal Tender at the Loan Offices and Treasury of the said Colony: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, the Third Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Linen Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Manufacture. Orders.

Copy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Customs, of the Tenth Day of February 1770, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, on the Petition of the Linen Manufacturers of Great Britain and Ireland: And also.

Copy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Customs, of the Thirteenth Day of March 1770, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, on the Memorial of the Manufacturers of checqued and striped Linens, in and near Manchester, in the County of Lan-, caster. *

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Yol. 3a.

A Bill for the better enabling the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to raise a Military Force, for the Protection of their Settlements and Possessions in India, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, the Third Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Excile to 10 U defray

Palby9 a Petiihuj for

Conipenfatioa

Indico.

New York Paper Biils of Credit.

Corn; Registering the Price*,

East fudia Company; raising a Military Force"

Excite

Ortice.

5>Q0 2& Aprilis.A. 1770.

defray the Expence of building the new Office of Excile in London, out of His Majesty’s Revenues of Excise not

otherwise appropriated, was committed.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House j and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally pvt thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and Building the Bridges of the of North Britain, Anno 1770, pursuant to the Order of Lieutenant General John Marquis of , commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followed! , viz,

Highland.

Roads,

See.

ESTIMATE

io Geo. III. 36*' Aprilis.: 901

ESTIMATE of the Expeaces of the New Roods of Communication, and Building the Bridges of the Highlands of North Brit tiny Anno 1770, pursuant to the Order of lieutenant General Marquis of Lome fcommaading His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain.

To a Party to work upon the Road leading from Fort Augustus to and the Isle of

which Party to consist of a Subaltern Officers, 92 Days, at 3 each per Diem, 4 Serjeants, at 1 each, 4 Corporals, at 8 d.each, 2 Drummers, and 100 Men, at each -Extraordinary Charges, for Artificers, Carts, Tools, Lime, under Ground Drains, Coals, Iron, and other incident Expences -

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Drummond, in Lennox, to Dunbarton, confiding of 2 Subaltern Officers, 2 Serjeants, a Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 Men, at laid Rates, 92 Days ——

Extraordinary Charges for laid Party, for Artificers Wages, Gravelling Carts, and Horses, Tools, under Ground Drains, Coals, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences -To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, over the Black Mount, to , and from

Tyndrom to Inver ary, and from thence towards Branden, confiding of 2 Subaltern Officers, 4 Serjeants, 4 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 100 Men, 92 Days, at laid Rates -Extraordinary Charges for Carts and Artificers,

To a Party to work from Dunbarton, up Loch Lommond Side, to Tarbett^ and through Glen-fa Hack and Glenfruen, to the Junction of the Roads with the Black Mount Road, confiding of 1 Subaltern Officer, 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, 1 Drummer, and 25 Men, at the above Rates Extraordinary Charge of Carts and Artificers, te - -To a Party to work from Fort George, through Strath Spey, to Corgarff Braetnar and

B/angourie, to Cottpar, confiding or 2 Subaltern Officers, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 30 Men, at the aforesaid Rates ....

Extraordinary Charges of Carts and Artificers, te - - - -To a Party to carry on the Road leading over the Kerne to Straithbogie, to confid of 2

Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 Men, at the above Rates -

Extraordinary Charges of Carts, Artificers, tec. -

To a Party to work from Straithbogie to Keith and Trochabers on Spey Side, confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 Men, at the above Rates - -

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, tec. -

To the like Party, from Straithbogie to Aberdeen, over the Ben Hills, at the said Rates -Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, tec. - -

To a Party, confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 25 Men, to work from Canton to Pal-lev;, in Ross Shire, at laid Rates -

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, tec. -

To finish the Bridge over the River Leven ——

To complete the Bridge over the River Ettdrick ——

To Piles, and securing the Bridge of IJla, in Danger of being run away -

To a filial I Bridge of 3 Arches, at the End of the Loch Alva ....

To a small Bridge near Keith ——

To several small Arches upon the Line of Roads, from Straithbogie to Aberdeen and 'trochabers

To a Bridge at Leckerie upon the Road from Stirling to Fort William -

To rebuild the Bridge of Belvie in Athol, carried away lad Attguft -

To 10 fiuall Arches upon the Road from Dunkeld to

To 6 small Arches upon the Line of Road from Lufs to Dalmalie

To Repairs of sundry Bridges -

To building an Inn upon the Line of Road leading from Fort Augustus to Bernera, there being no House in 30 Miles of laid Line -To the New Road carrying on between the River of Sark and Port Patrick.

To Enf. Mr. Corkell and Mr. Grant for attending the Works and overleeing the Parties, 92 Days, at 3 each per Diem -

Total - -

£. s. d. 292 17 4 239 10 ~

162 10 8 100 — —

292 17 4

240 10 —

83 17 4

48----

162 10 8

96----

93 8

48----

93 10 8 48----

93 10 8 48----

85 17 2

48----

800----

coo — *

180 3 — 230 18 — 130 6 8

282 8 —

no — — 80-----

75----

34 10 —

no-----

80 — > —

2,000 — —

46----

6,998 IO 2

War Office, April 26th, 1770.

Vol. 32,

Barrington,

Ordered,

Supply.

902

26° Jprilis.

A. 1770.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were readi and are as followeth} viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per established

by an Act made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two "Millions, to be raised by Way of Annuities and a " Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament, and for extending to ', the

" Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries," be redeemed and paid off on the 12th Day of February next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty, to redeem and pay off the said Capital Stock of Annuities.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, That the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per , established

by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, w An Act for granting to His Majesty the ‘Sum of Two

Millions to be raised by Way of Annuities and a

Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeem- able by Parliament, and for extending to Ireland the " Laws made in this Kingdom against private and " unlawful Lotteries," will be redeemed and paid off on the 12th Day of February next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the lame, agreeably to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Nottingham; which Bill was, upon the 12th Day of this Instant April, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is conceri> ed, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of M, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Matterfey, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Frankland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Account of Savings in the Hands of the Paymaster General, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j

ACCOUNT of Savings in the Hands of the Paymaftef General, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

Savings upon the Votes for the Pay of sundry Regiments and Independant Companies, in the Years 1762 and 1763 ——

Unappropriated Offreckonings of Sundry Regiments and Independant Companies, in the Years 1760, 1762, 1763, 1764, and 1765 -

Stoppages for Victualing delivered to sundry Independant Companies in the Years 1761 and 1762 ——

Respits upon the Pay of sundry Regiments and Independant Companies, in the Years

1762 and 1763 ——

Further Part of the Balance of the Account of the Earl of Kinnoul, &c. as late Pay-master General ——

Balance of the Twelve-penny Deduction from the Chelsea Pensioners, from the 8th April 1769, to the 24th December following - . - - - - -> -

Total of Savings - /.

s. d.

3°»774 3 4'

3»304 16 2

2.471 18 2

2,084 19 7

15,000 — —

1,859 18 Si

55.495 *5 81

P;y Office, Horse Cuarcls, 24th April 1770.

‘John Powell,

Accomptant.

Ordere,

Matterfer

Inclosuie.

Ditto.

Accoirtit; Army Saving,

Ways and Meant.

io Geo. III. 26° Aprilis903

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, The Resolutions which the Committee had dire died him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who, being possessed of, or entitled to, Annnuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per which were

consolidated by an Act of the Second of His present Majesty, shall, on or before the Seventh Day of May next, in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribe their Names or signify their Content to accept, in lieu thereof, Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January 1770, and to be added to, and made One joint Stock with, certain Annuities consolidated by the Act of the Twenty-fifth of George the Second, and several subsequent Acts of Parliament, shall, for every One hundred Pounds of Capital Stock so subscribed, until the several Sums subscribed shall amount together to Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, be intitled to receive Two Tickets in a Lottery, to con-fist of Fifty Thousand Tickets, at the Rate of Fourteen Pounds each; and that every such Subscriber, in Consideration of such Subscription, shall have a Receipt from the Cashiers of the Bank of England for Four Pounds, in part of the said Fourteen Pounds for each Ticket, to which such Subscriber shall be intitled, and shall pay, for and in respect of every such Ticket, the Sum of One Pound, on or before the Fifteenth Day of June next; the further Sum of Two Pounds, on or before the Twentieth Day of July next; the further Sum of Three Pounds on or before the Twenty-first Day of August next; and the further Sum of Four Pounds on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of September next; that, upon such Payments being completed, Tickets shall be delivered, as loon as the same can be prepared, to the Persons holding and possessed of the Receipts, hereinbefore directed to be given by the Cashiers of thq Bank of to the several Subscribers as aforesaid; that the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery; which Prizes shall be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on the First Day of March 1771, or as soon after as Certificates can be prepared, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that every Person possessed of, and holding, such Receipts, as aforesaid, who shall pay in the whole of the Money to be paid on each Ticket, on or before the Seventeenth Day of August next, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the Hate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sums so completing his Payments respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the Twenty-fifth Day of September next.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in case the full and entire Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, in the said Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, shall not have been subscribed on or before the Seventh Day of May next; and that in conilquence thereof, any Number of Tickets, in the said Lottery, shall remain unsubscribed for; any Person or Persons shall be at liberty to contribute for the Purchase of such remaining Tickets, at the Rate of Fourteen Pounds for each Ticket, in the Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, every such Contributor or Contributors to make a Deposit of Four Pounds, for and in respect of fugh Ticket, on or before the Tenth Vo L,3 a.

Day of May next, as a Security for making good his or

their future Payments; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Fifteenth Day of June next; the further Sum of Two Pounds on or before the Twentieth Day of July next; the further Sum of Three Pounds, on or before the Twenty-first Day of August next; and the further Sum of Four Pounds on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of September next; Tickets to be delivered as soon as the same can be prepared, to such Contributor or Contributors, upon his or their completing their Payments; and that every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of the Money to be paid on each Ticket on or before the Seventeenth Day of August next, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sums so completing his Payments respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the Twenty-fifth Day of September next.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Monies that shall be received by the Cashiers of the Bank, for or on account of the Whole of the said Fifty thousand Tickets, shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from time to time, to such Services as shall their have been voted by this House, and not otherwise; and that the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, herein before directed to be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the I.ord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. , Mr. Charles 'Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr.

Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the Ninth Day of January last, and of the Address of this House to His Majesty thereupon, as relates to the State of His Majesty’s Government in America, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Narratives and Accounts received by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, either of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, or any other Public Officer, and of all Orders and Instructions sent to the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, Deputy Governors, Presidents of the Council, of any of His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, or to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces, or any Officer Civil or Military within the same, relative to any Disputes or Disturbances which have happened, between His Majesty’s Troops Rationed in North America, and the Inhabitants of any of His Majesty’s Colonies there, since the 24th Day of June last.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out " and Accounts," and insert u of " any Disputes or Disturbances which have happened " between His Majesty’s Troops stationed in North " America, and the Inhabitants of any of His Majesty’s " Colonies there, since the 24th Day of June last," instead thereof, and to leave out "either" and insert " any " instead thereof, and after " Officer," to leave out."and," and insert "together with" instead there-

10 X of.

American

Colonies.

Privilege

Parliament.

Ifluino of Writs iu Recefr.

904 26° — 27

of, and to leave out "any" and insert "such" instead thereof, and to leave out from " Disturbances " to the End of the Question.

And the Question being put, That the Words " and " Accounts," (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " of " any Disputes or Disturbances which have happened " between His Majesty’s Troops stationed in North " America, and the Inhabitants of any of His Majesty’s

" Colonies there, since the 24th Day of June last," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " either" {land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word "any " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " and" after the Word " Officer " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " together with " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " any" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " such" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words from " Disturbances " to the End of the Question, stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Main Question, thus amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefen ted to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Narratives of any Disputes or Disturbances which have happened, between His Majesty’s Troops stationed in North America, and the Inhabitants of any of His Majesty’s Colonies there, since the 24th Day of June last, received by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, any of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, or any other Public Officer; together with Copies of ail Orders and Instructions sent to the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, Deputy Governors, Presidents of the Council, of any of His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, or to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces, or any Officer, Civil or Military, within the same, relative to such Disputes or Disturbances.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s, Most honourable Privy Council.

The other Orders of the Day, being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Delays of Justice by Realbn of Privilege of Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, the 3d Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons, during a Recess of Parliament, to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament in the room of such Members who shall happen to die during such Recess of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Aprilis. A, 1770.

Vinerist 2 70 Aprilis;

Anno io* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1770. Praters.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Cartwright, Esquire, to fell, in Fee Simple, Part of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright, to discharge Incumbrances; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estates to the several Uses therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons, in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for allowing further Time for registering and inrolling Agreements entered into for inclosing Commons, for the Purpose of planting and preferring Trees for Timber or Underwood, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being concerned and interested in the Coal Trade upon the River Tyne, within the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel Boats, in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belonging; and setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would greatly obstruct the Coal Trade on the River Tyne, and be highly injurious to the several Persons concerned and interested therein: And therefore praying, that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Coun-fel, against the said Bill, before the same be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Free holders of the County of Pembroke, on Behalf of them-lelves and other Freeholders of the said County.

And the Counsel were called in.

And Thomas Colby, Esquire, High Sheriff of the County of Pembroke, attending, according to Order, was also called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners was in Part heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till this Day Month.

The

Cartwright's

Eftaic,.

Offices

and

Employments.

Regulating Newcastle Keel Boats.

A.'4;ouniaient

Pembroke

Ele&ioes.

io Geo. III.

27° Apr

905

Tellers for the Yeas,^pr*

Tellers for the Noes:

66.

78.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Mackworth: }

Mr. Thomas Junior,

Mr. Byng:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were further heard.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, with the several Returris of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Pembroke; the last Return, together with the Writ thereunto annexed, were read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed to produce Evidence, to shew, that, from the Year 1625, to 1696, no Elections for the County of Pembroke had ever been held at the Town of Pembroke; and that, from the Year 1696 to 1727, but Two Elections had been held at the said Town; and that, from the Year 1727 to this Time, all the Elections had been held at Haver-ford Weji, except One in the Year 1741, which was held at the Town of Pembroke;

The same was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

Then a Witness was examined, to prove that the Part of the Guild Hall at Hav in which the Elections for the County of Pembroke, have been usually held, is in the County of and not in the County of Haverford West.

Then a Witness was examined, to shew the Partiality of the Sheriff in favour of the Sitting Member, in appointing the Election to be held at the Town of Pembroke } and that that Town was in all respects very inconvenient for the Attendance of the Freeholders of most of the Hundreds in the said County.

And several Witnesses were examined, to prove what has been the Practice, with respect to the Times of holding the County Courts for the County of Pembroke.

Then a Witness was examined, to prove that the Sheriff did. Two or Three Days before he appointed the Election at the Town of Pembroke, publicly declare, that it should be held at Haverford West; and that the Notice of the Election was given but Seven Days before the Day of Election; and Evidence was produced, to shew that Mr. Symons, the other Candidate, did, some days before the Day of Election, protest against the Proceedings of the Sheriff, as being ille-

gil, in not having given proper Notice of the Time of lection, nor appointed the same to be held at the moll public and usual Place of Election within the said County, and where the same had been most usually held.

And another Witness was examined, to prove, that, at the Election, a Person did, in the Name of several of the Freeholders, object to the Sheriff’s proceeding to the Election, as the Time and Place were totally illegal.

And the said Witness was further examined, to prove the several Inconveniences to the Freeholders of the greater Part of the County, in being obliged to attend the Election at the said Town of Pembroke.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard j and examined a W’itnels, to shew the usual Practice which had been held in the Manner of appointing a County Court where the former County Court had been dropt; and to prove, that the Sheriff had appointed the County Court to be held at the Town of Pembroke, before he received the Writ for the said Election; and that he appointed the Election to be held at the Town of Pembroke, as being the County Town, and not liable to the same Objections which had been made against the Sheriff on a former Occasion, for holding the Eiedtion within the Town and County of Haverford West \ and Vot. 32,

also to prove, that, in the Year 1741, a contested Election, which lasted several Days, was held at the said Town of Pembroke.

And the said Witness was further examined, to prove that the Town of Pembroke is very convenient, both in its Situation and its Accommodations, for the Holding of a County Election; and that the greater Part of the Freeholders, who are Friends to the Sitting Member, live at a greater Distance from the said Town than those in the opposite Interest.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard, by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Hugh Owen, Esquire, is duly elected and returned a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Pembroke;

Mr. Owen withdrew.

Then the Question being put. That Hugh Owen, Elcjuire, is duly elected and returned a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Pembroke;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

for the } 7.-

} ,5.

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Delays of justice by Reasonof Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr, Mackworh have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewis have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Foreign Linens printed and painted, which have been exported, from the ill of January 1757, to the lft of January 1765; distinguishing each Year, with the Drawbacks paid theron.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of British and Irish Linens, and British Cottons, which have been printed and painted, and exported, from the ill of January 1757, to the ill of January 1770; distinguishing each Species and each Year, with the Excise drawn back thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton have Leave to make a Motion. '

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Thursday the 5th Day of this Instant April, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, upon the Bill for compelling Persons dismissed the Service of the East India Company to depart from the East Indies, and for better regulating the Servants of the said Company, and for other Purposes, be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And

then the House adjourned till Tuesday M<jrnf ing nex%t, Ten of the Clock.

Privilege

Parliament.

Committees.

Account; Linens.

East India Company; Respefring dismissed Servants.

RHemption of certain Annuities.

r< lham and others Settlement of

Jointures.

90 6

Mail.

A. 1770.

Martis, i° die Maii\

Anno 10* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1770. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, that, pursuant to their Order to him on last, he had fig-

nified, by Writing, inserted in the London Gazette of Saturday last, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London on Friday last, the Resolution of this House of Thursday last, " That the Sum of One million Five " hundred thousand Pounds, Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings " per Centum, established by an Act made in the " Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, An Act for " granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two millions,

" to be raised by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, and " charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made " in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lottcries, be redeemed and paid off on the 12th Day of " February next, after discharging the Interest then " payable in respect of the fame."

The laid Notice inserted in the London , and

affixed on the Royal Exchange, is as followeth;

A Resolution and Order of the House of Commons.

Jovis, 26° die Apri/is, 1770. Resolved, That the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, established by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two millions, to be raised by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries, be redeemed and paid off on the Twelfth Day of February next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, That the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per established

by an Act made in the Twenty-ninffp- Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two millions, to be raised by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries, will be redeemed and paid off on the Twelfth Day of February next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act. Which Resolution and Order, thus signified and published by Me, are to be sufficient Notice of the Re-payment of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for which the said Annuities were established, and of the Redemption of the Annuities, as are attending the fame.

Norton, Speaker.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Anderson, now called Charles Pelham, Charles Anderson, the Uncle, and Evelyn Anderson, Esquires, to make Jointures, upon their respective Marriages, out of the Estates devised to them by the Will of Charles Pelham, late of B in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Rill, to the 2.2

Ormfide

Inclosure.

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of William Preston, Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of Ormfide, in the County of Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner was influenced and persuaded to sign a Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing into specific Allotments the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Parish of Ormfide, and also tolign a Bill for that Purpose, upon certain and particular Restrictions therein set forth; and that the Petitioner hath, since he was persuaded to sign the said Petition and Bill, duly considered the fame; and apprehends, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same would not only be very prejudicial to the Petitioner, but also to the Succcfl'ors to the Petitioner, in many respects: And therefore praying the House, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, upon the Terms and Conditions therein expressed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Great Ormfide, in the Parish of Ormfide, in the County of Wefimis committed.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of strict Entail, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment* thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, Westminster the several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and Paving, lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for granting a further Toll upon certain Horses and Carriages, to be applied to the teveral Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be committed to a select Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Scotland; Improvement of Lands.

Tellers for the Yeas J Mr. Alderman 7

1 cliers for t he 1 eas, Mf j0jeph j

Tellers for the Noes, j }

24-

14.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was committed to Sir Charles Mr. Plumptre, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber; and ali who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Trustees, appointed by Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads, in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by

their

Westminster

Paving.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

F*sing'on

lncioiure.

io Geo. III. i° M907

their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey And also,

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey And also,

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And also,

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And also,

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Swrey: And also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County: And

also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notiie of the said Bill; and setting forth, That if the said Bill should pals into a Law as it now stands, it will be highly injurious to the Petitioners, who will be thereby subjected to a very burthensome Toll, to be applied to Purposes from which they can receive little or no Advantage: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by them-lclves or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as lay any additional Toll on Horses or Carriages.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open, Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Eafington, in -

Vol. 32.

Hess, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Eafngton, in Holdemefs, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor of the Parish of Saint Clement , in the Liberty of Westminster and County of Middlesex; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual, an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rok, otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Leffness, in the County of Kent-, and one other Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of,

' to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, and for repairing and widening several other Roads adjoining to the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sevenoakes, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullin's Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Kent, in the County of Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of Kent, without any Amendment: And.also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Roads front Butterton Moor End, near , in the County of Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ash, in the County of

Derby, and from Blackton Mo, in the County of Staf-

ford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, near Newhaven, in the County of Derby and from Warflow to Ellon Mine, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

„ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Three Acts, for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South , in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Worcester,

and Middlesex, and in the City of London, late the Ef-tates of Thomas Prowse, Esquire, deceased, and which, upon the Death of George Prozvfe, Esquire, his only Sonj devolved upon, and vested in, the Two Daughters and Coheiresses, of the said Thomas Proufe, deceased;

10 Y _ and

S£ Clement. Danes Nightly Watclv

Blackheath Sec. Small Debts.

Chepftevr

Roads.

Sevenoakes.

&c.

Roads.

Butteiton

Moor,

Sec.

Roads.

St. Alban’s, &c. Roads.

Prowse E dates.

i° Mali. A. 1770.

and for settling and assuring the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon the said. Partition, have been allotted as the specific Part or Share of each of the said Daughters, to the several Uses therein limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

-.Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Answer Mr. Vice Chamberlain reported to the House, That ,0 -their Address of Thursday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies Papers. therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty, and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He . will give Directions accordingly.

Burglaries Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Or-and der, a Bill for making the Receiving of stolen Jewels, Robberies. anc] Gold and Silver Plate, in the same of Burglary and Highway Robbery, more penal: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

St. James's Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Westminster, Reading of the Bill for repealing several Acts, passed avuig. for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, so far as they relate to the Parish of Saint James, and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon this Day Two Months.

Dslby’s Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Petition . whom the Report which was made from the Committee, xsimpcaktion *° wh°m the Petition of Francis Dalby, of London, Merchant, had been referred, was re-committed; That the Committee had further considered the Matter of the said Petition; and had dire died Him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report betaken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

New York; A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Paper Bills Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, of An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to

Credu. be issued in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the fame; so far as to enable the Governor, Council, and Assembly of New York topafs an Act for creating, and issuing upon Loan, Paper Bills of > Credit, to a certain Amount, and to make the same a

legal Tender at the Loan Offices and Treasury of the , said Colony, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

?xcise An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners of Ex-office. cite to defray the Expence of building the new Office of Excise in London, out of His Majesty’s Reveriues of Excise, not otherwise appropriated, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title £2

be. An Act for defraying the Expence of building the new Office of Excise in London, out of His Majesty’* Revenue of Excise.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and.desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing and amending several Acts, for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr . Fuller,8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing so much of an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for

extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, be now read.

And th,e said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon 5 Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining, and rendering more effectual, several Acts for providing a public Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea, for improving the Lunar Tables constructed by the late Professor Meyer, and for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Foreign Printed and Painted Linens, which have been exported from the ift of January 1765, to the ift of 1770, distinguish-

ing each Year.

A Petition of the Coal Owners, Fitters, Owners of Ships, and Keeimen of the Port of Sundei-land, near the Sea, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel Boats, in the Port of and the Members thereunto belonging; and setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that should the said Bill pass into a Law, it would greatly obstruct the Coal Trade of this Port, and be highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered,

Brick*, &c.

Indico.

Difcpver?

of the Longitude.

Account;

Linen*.

Regulating Newcastle Keel Boat*.

io Geo. III.

East Tndla Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Company; f0 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, cttm fled8 upon Bie Bill for compelling Persons dismissed the Ser-Servants, vice of the East India Company to depart from the East Indies, and for better regulating the Servants of the said Company, and for other Purposes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ctfttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cust reported from the Committee, That they had gene through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Cust accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place i and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ulie of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

of8 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon IMamint. the Bill to prevent Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament, be now read.

- And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Offices -resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tom 'Bie Bill to indemnify such Persons, in Great Britain and mpioyment x Ireland, as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices

and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for allowing further Time for registering and inrolling Agreements entered into for inclosing Commons, for -the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees for Timber or Underwood, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make, and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed thcCbair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

American Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Colonies. Jjjs Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Earl of Hillsborough's Letter, of the 13th of May 1769, to the Governors of the several Colonies ot North America, together with the Speeches of the Governors, referring to the said Letter, and the Answers of the AssembTies to the fame, so far as they have been received.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Vol. 32.

Mail 909

The other Order of the Day being read}

The House relalved itself into a Committee of the Expulflon whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate °£ the Consequences of the Expulsion of Members of this em House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornwall have Leave to make a Motion, it being half an Hour after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly} and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- Westminster cution an Act passed in the Seventh Year or the Reign P*vin§* of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to contihue, and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Keitfingto*,

Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting and watering the said Roads, and for paving the Street and Highway, and Footways in ,arid foi*

lighting and watching the fame, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining thereto, whole Names are theteunth subscribed.

And the said Petition was read} Setting forth, Thsk the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, thfe -Squares, Streets, lanes, and other Places, in the City and Liberty of Weshninster, hath been presented to thfe House, for Leave to bring in a Bill ’to empower them to collect a Imall Toll, on every Day in the Week except Sunday, upon Coaches, Chairs, and other Carriages ndt used in Trade, and on Saddle Horses, at the several Gates or Turnpikes, mentioned in an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for collecting Tolls on Sundays; and that the Petitioners apprehend that such additional Toll will be a very heavy Charge on the Petitioners, and others travelling the said Roads: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premifos into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as the Nature of their same may require, and to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That die feid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committeiey to whom the Bill for unending, and rendering more effectual, the several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and liberty of Wfeftlninster, and Parts adjacent, and for granting a further Toll upon certain Horses and Carriages, to be applied to the several Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till To-mdrftiW Morning, Ten of the Clock.

— - I .-I I '1 ..11*1 1 *i. I.

Mercurti, 2° die Mali

Anno i o* Georgii IIId1 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

SIR George Savile reported from the Committee, East to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Heflerton Open Common Fiftds, Meaaows, Failures, and other Inclosure. Commonable Lands and Grounds, in East,

in the Parish of ft Heflerton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed j That the Committee

2° Mali. A. 1770.

r

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of One Cottage, who could not be found) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Scotland; A Petition of the General Assembly of the Church of Exemption* Scotland, was pretented to the House, and read; Setting cl*'med by forth, That, by several Acts of the Parliament of Scot-a®‘ land, relating to the Clergy there, the Ministers of the Church of Scotland have always enjoyed an Immunity from Taxes, not only with respect to their Stipends, commonly lo called, but also their Glebes and Manses, these having been considered as Part of their Livings; and that, as the Law. of Scotland, as explained by constant Practice, has relieved the Ministers of this Church from all Taxations upon their Stipends, in which their Glebes and Manses have been understood to be comprehended, they have been induced to consider this Exemption as Part of the Rights and Privileges of the Church of Scotland, secured by the Treaty of Union; the Church of Scotland believing themselves to be lb-cure from what they understood to be the Law of Scotland, con tuned in the Claim of Right ratified by the Articles of Union, and established by long Usage, loft the Opportunity of stating the particular Circumstances of their Cafe, when the Bill proposing a Tax on Houses and Windows was first moved in Parliament; and even after it passed into a Law, they relied on the usual Construction of the Act for levying the Land Tax, which though conceived in general Words, was never extended to their Stipends, Glebes, or Manses; but, as the Ministers of the Church of Scotland find that they are subject to Prosecutions, from time ..to time, for Payment of this Tax, and cannot be. relieved without the Aid of Parliament; Therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for relieving the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, from Payment of the Tax upon Windows, in respect of their Manses or Par-fonage Houses; or that the House will give such other „Relief to the Petitioners as shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Westminster A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Paving. and other Inhabitants, of the County of Hertford: And

aMb.....: /'.

Another Petition; of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-tt0’ holders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Hertford-,

---- Were severally presented to the House, and" read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and liberty of and Parts

adjacent; and for granting a further Toll upon certain Horses and Carriages, to be applied to the several Purposes therein mentioned; and setting forth. That if the said Bill should pass * into a Law as it now Hands, it will be highly injurious to the Petitioners, who will be thereby

subjected to a very burthensome Toll, to be applied to Purposes from which they can receive little or no Advantage: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as lay any additional Toll on Horses or Carriages.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their’ Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain reported to the House, That Answer their Address of Yesterday, that His Majesty would be Addrefi graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies or Paper*-therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions, which Supply-, upon Thursday last were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds Capital Stock of Annuities,

" after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per " Centum, established by an Act made in the 29th " Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George " the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His ,c Majesty the Sum of Two Millions, to be raised by " Way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the " Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament, and for " extending to Ireland, the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries, be rcdeemed and paid off on the 12th Day of February " next, after discharging the Interest then payable in " respect of the lame."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million " Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to redeem and pay " off the said Capital Stock of Annuities."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Cooper, the Lord North,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyfan, Mr. Charles \Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, and Sir fVhit-

worth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command;

An Account of the Monies paid to the several Per- Account; ferns therein mentioned, by the Directions of the Lords Cattle Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, as a Com- DUtopm pensation, and in full Satisfaction, of their Losses and Expences incurred, pursuant to the Orders of Council, for preventing the spreading of the Infection among the Horned Cattle in the County of Southampton.

And the Title of the Ciid Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

An

10 Geo. III.

9%

3° M

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to the several Perforts undermentioned, by the Directions of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, as a Compensation and in full Satisfaction of their Lodes and Expeacea incurred, pursuant to the Orders of Council for preventing the spreading of the Infection the Homed

Cattle in the County of Southampton} viz.

Mr. John Street, of Ott % Mr. Charier Churcher, of StoitehaiH Mr. Daniel Sfugs, of D* - -

Mr. Peter Dowling, of Hurjley - Mr. Samuel Dear, of T - Mrs. Jane Mather, of North St one ham Mr. Packard Underwood, of D* - Mr. Richard Cant ell, of D®

Mrs, Hester Caver ley - Mr. George Wooldridge, of Bishopflokc Mrs. Hester Howell, of North Stoneham

Mr. John Durman, of D*

Mr. Henry Barnes, of South Stoneham - Mr. William Futcher ,of Otterbourn

Mr. John Dear, of Bra

Mr. James Smart, of D*

Mr. Peter Dowling, of Hurjley - *

Mr. John Tee, of Brambridge ?

Mr. Colebrooke, of D*

Mr. William Stratton, of Southampton Mr. John Houghton, of North Stoneham Mr. George Hill, of North Stoneham

Mr. Durman, Senior, of D*

Mr. Robert Houghton, of South Stoneham - Mr. Charles Vine, of North Stoneham - Mr. Henry Twynam - Mr. Richard Ray, of Portjwood *

Mr. William Mundy, of Hurjley.

Mr. William Webb, of Portjwood -George Duruford, Esquire, - Mr. Robert Houghton, of North Stoneham - Mr. Charles Le Gay, of Southampton More to him -

Ordered, That the Cud Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons, in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for allowing further Time for registering and inrolling Agreements entered into for inclosing Commons, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees for Timber or Underwood, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Vojl. 32.

Quefrion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Corporation*, Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the &c. further quieting and establishing Corporations, and for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informations in nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of and for regulating Admissions into Corporations and Boroughs.

Mr. Speaker left the Choir.

Mr. Hanmer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hanmer reported from the Committee, Thai? they had gone through the Bi 11, and mode several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him

i oiLtm

Ormfide

Inclosure.

Privilege

Parliament.

American

Colonie*.

Bounty

on

Linens.

912

2° Mail.

A. 1770.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hanmeraccordingly reported from the said

Committee, The Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That William P ref on, Clerk, Red or of the Parish Church of Ornfde, in the County of Weflmor-. /and, be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the Committee, to whom the Bill For dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Great Ormfide, in the Parfth of Ormfide, in the County of Westmmland, is committed, upon his Petition, -if he

thinks fit. - -

Ordered, That it.be an Instruction. to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House-to resolve itself into a Co.mmittee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

' The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took -the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, _ That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, " same of Captain Thomas " of the 29th RegimentAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " A Narrative of the late Transactions at Boston." *

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Merchants and others, Dealers in, and Printers or Exporters of, British and Linens, :was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Printed Linen Trade is highly advantageous to these Kingdoms, and has been so far improved as not only fully to supply Home Consumption, but also to become a considerable Article of Exportation, particularly to the Colonies; and British and Irifk Linens answering just as well as Foreign, for the Printing Trade; that Branch, so long as the former had the Benefit of a Bounty, was carried on indifferently with either; but, since the Revocation of that Bounty by the Act of the 29th of the late King, the Linens of the Manufacture of these Kingdoms are almost totally excluded from being used in the'Printing Trade, that Business being ever since almost entirely carried on with foreign Linens, which, by having a Drawback of Duties when sent Abroad, come cheaper to Market than the British and Irish, since deprived of the Bounty, can; and that the Petitioners observe, from the Votes, a Bill is depending for renewing and continuing the Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, for a further Term

of Years; and for extending the same to British Striped and Chequered Linens exported; and therefore praying, That the same may be extended to all Printed, Painted, or Stained Linens, of the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland, by taking off the Exception in the Act of 29th of George the Second, which excluded; them, and restoring them again to the Benefit they enjoyed under the Two former Bounty Acts. v '

A Petition of the several Manufacturers of Cottofis for Printing, in and near the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, thaCa Bill is depending in the House, for further continuing the Bounties payable upon the Exportation of British and Irish Linens, granted by an Act passed in the 29th of his late Majesty; and that a Bounty is' also" to Be granted upon Printed Linens of the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners and others are largely concerned in a Species of Manufacture, called Brown Cottons, which, when bleached and printed, are applicable to the same Uses as Printed Linens, and merit at least equal Encouragement, being chiefly manufactured with Irish Linen Yarn, and Yarn ipun from Cotton-Wool, of the Growth of the British Plantations; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if a Bounty is granted to Printed Linens, and not to Printed Cottons, it will greatly *m-jur® their Trade, and many Thou land Poor Families employed , therein: And therefore . praying, That if a Bounty is granted on Printed Linens exported, the like Bounty may be. extended to Printed Cottons of Bntfli Manufacture, or that they may be heard, by them (elves or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as relates to the Bounty upon Printed Linens; and that the- Petitioners may have such Relief as to the House shall feera meet.

And. the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the 29th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and irish Linens exported, and taking pff the Duties on the Importation of foreign raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Chequed and Striped Linens, is committed.

Ordered, That the- Order made upon the Ninth Day of April last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, the Matter of the Charge made against John Griffiths, Esquire, late High Sheriff of the County of Pembroke, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the 29th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon'certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of Brit if 1 Chequed and Striped Linens;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of all Linen of above a Yard wide, of a certain Value.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said-Committee.

Bou nty or» Linens.

Privilege; Pembroke Elettion.

Bounty

on

Lineati

io Geo. III. a*Maii. pi3

mittee. That they have Power to receive a Clause, for Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British and Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

Irish Printed, Painted, and Stained Linens, of a cer- That they had come to several Resolutions; which they tain Value. had directed him to report, when the House will please

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report from the Com-. to receive the same, missioners of the Customs, of the 10th Day of February Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow 1770, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Morning.

Treasury, on the Petition of the Linen Manufacturers Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, of Great Britain and Ireland, be referred to the said that he was directed by the Committee to move, that Committee. they may have Leave to fit again.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report from the Com- That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

missioners of the Customs, of the 13th Day of March ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1770, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Treasury, on the Memorial of the Manufacturers of Majesty.

Chequed and Striped Linens in and near Manchester, in

the County of Lancaster, be referred to the said Com- The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Wav* mittee. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an® ^eaD*

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the paid for Bounties, on the Exportation of British and Supply granted to His Majesty.

Irish Linens, from 24th June 1756, the Commencement Ordered, That the Account of Savings in the Hands of the present Bounty, to 5th January 1770; distinguish- of the Paymaster General, subject to the Disposition of ing each Year, be referred to the said Committee. ' Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been Then1 the House resolved itself into the said Com* paid in Scotland, for Bounties on the Exportation of Bri- mittee. tish and Irish Linens, from the First: Day of May 17^6 Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

to the First Day of January 1770; distinguishing each Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com- 1 Year, and how much for Irish, and how much for Bri- mittee. tish. Linens, be referred to the said Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, mittee. That they have Power to receive a Clause, for That they had come to several Resolutions; which they allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British and Irish had directed him to report, when the House will please Printed, Painted, and Stained Cottons, of a certain to receive the same.

Value. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Morning, mittee. Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. he was directed by the Committee to move, that they

Mr. Dundas took the Chair of the Committee. may have Leave to fit again.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, That they ing next, resolve it(e;f into a Committee of the whole had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was di- House, to consider funner ot Ways and Means for raif-redled by the Committee to move, that they may have ing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- The other Orders of the Day being read; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole , That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, New York;

House, to consider further of the said Bill. - resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Paper Bill*

the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the of

Linen*; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Credit'

Railing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be

Hemp, Sec. the Bill for appropriating a Fund, established by an Act issued in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal Tender of additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported such Bills as are now subsisting, from being prolonged ' into this Kingdom; and for eiiablishing a Fund for the -beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and the fame; so far as to enable the Governor, Council, and Flax; Assembly of New York to pass an Act for creating, and

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, issuing, upon Loan, Paper Bills of Credit, to a certain

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Amount, and to make the same a legal Tender at the

the said Bill. Loan Offices and Treasury of the said Colony.

. Supply- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Discovery resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and ren- of the

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; dering more effectual several Acts, for providing a public Longitude.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expences of the Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea, for im-new Roads of Communication, and Building the Bridges proving the Lunar Tables conllrudled by the late Proof the Highlands of North Britain, Amo 1770, pursuant fefior Meyer, and for encouraging Discoveries and Im-

to the Order of Lieutenant General John Marquis of provements useful to Navigation, was committed, bd

Horne, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Bri- received upon Friday Morning next. 'lain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Ma- And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow jesty’s Navy, on the 31st December 1769, be referred Morning, Ten of the Clock,

to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 32.

jCrurefb ©rough Fore ft Inclosure.

frivilegt

of

Parliament

Zaft

Heflerton

Inclosure*

Talfe Weights a Seales*

9*4

3' Ma

A- 1770.

Jovisy3* d Matt 5

Anno 10* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1770.

Annuiticsf

*c.

der, a Bill for redeeming the Capital or Joint Stock of Redemption Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds 'I on Shil- of cer,i,m lings per established by an Act made in the

Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Millions, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Prayers Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament, and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom ORDERED, That all have Voices who come to the against private and unlawful Lotteries: And the same Committee, to whom the Bill for dilafforefting the was received; and read the Fir It Time.

Re, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, and for

dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the said Forest, which he within the Eleven Constablerie6 thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

Mr. Onslow, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Jointure made by John Martin, Esquire, under a Power contained in the Will of James Esquire, deceased, and rendering the same Power more effectual, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to

Martin*

Will.

the"Court to order Issues to be sold and paid to the the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Plaintiff, and the Surplus tq be returned to the De- agreed to the lame, without any Amendment, fendant.

And the said Clause was Once read. Mr. Medley reported from the Committee, to whom

And the House being informed, that some other the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; veiling several Messuages, or Tenements, and Heredi-Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. taments, situate and being in Stable Street, in the

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, lately the Committee of the whole House, to whom the same was Ellate of Thomas Elvey, Bricklayer, deceased, in Trustees, committed. to be sold to the Commissioners, or Governors and Di-

- Resolved, That this House will immediately relblve rectors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confer for the JLJfe of the said Hospital, and for applying the

Gretawidt

UoipiuU

der further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committeer . Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to such Uses as the said Messuage or Tenements do now Hand limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Medley do carry the Bill to the

to

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable' Lands and Grounds, in East Hejlertan, in the Parish of West Heferton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

to the lame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open railing the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Refo

Wsvf

and Meant.

Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in East Heflerton, in the Parish of West Heflerton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually preventing Traders in Exciseable Commodities from using falie Weights and Scales: And that -plus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and commonly called the Sinking Fund, bring in, the lame. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Fifty-five thousand Four hundred Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Ninety-five Pjuu Js Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence 16 Farthing,

lutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One million. Seven hundred thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplufes, Excesses, or Over-

to Geo. III. 3* M

s

Farthing, remaining in the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, be applied towards making good the Supply grapte# to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, to the 26th Day of December 1769, and not provide^ for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the Fourth Day of April 1770 , and on or before the Fifth Day of April 1771, of the Produce of all or any of the Duties and Revenues, which, by. any Act or Acts of Parliament, have been directed to be referyed for the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending,' protecting, and securing, the Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good such Part of the Supply as hath been granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova New-

foundland, and the ceded Islands, for the Year1

»77°- .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the Fourth Day of April 1770, and on or before the Fifth Day of April 1771, of the Produce of the Duties charged by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum 'Senega and Gum Arabic, be applied towards making gOod the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the RefoJution; which, upon Thursday the 29th Day of March last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum " of Two hundred Ninety-nine thousand Three hundred " Seventy-five Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence Far- thing, remaining in the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplufes, Excesses, or Overplus " Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund " commonly called the Sinking Fund."

The House was also, moved, That the Resolution, which, upon Monday the 9th Day of April last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth j viz.

" Resolved, That the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, which, by an Act made in the last Session of * Parliament, intituled, An Act for carrying into Exe-

cution certain Proposals made by the India Com-'* pany, for the Payment of the annual Sum of Four #i hundred thousand Pounds for a limited Time, in re- speft of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues " lately obtained in the East Indies, is directed to be

paid, within the present Year, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by the said Company, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty."

The House was also moved, That the Two First of the

Vol. 32.

aii. 915

Resolutions, which, upon Thursddy the 12th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly j and are as followeth j viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to.His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of

" Seven hundred and Seventy-three thousand Two hundred. and Forty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One " Half-penny, being the Surplus of the Produce of the " Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the Fifth Day " of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy,

" remaining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum " of Thirteen thousand Five hundred and Ninetysix Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence Half-penny,

" remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the " Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy, for the Disposition of Parliament, over " and above the Surplus of the Sinking Fund then " remaining for the same Purpose."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions, and also upon the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Charles Tow, Mr. Attorney

Genera], and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. ' ! . '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House L;nens} to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, raising of upon the Bill for appropriating a Fund, established by Hemp, &«; an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly j The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dundastook the Chair of the Committee.

~ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ct>m; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, regiftenng ppon the Bill for registering the Prices at which Corn is the p"ceu-fold in the several Counties of Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j: Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for registering the Quantities of Corn and Grain exported and imported, together with the Bounties and Duties paid and received thereon.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

., Sir, Charles Whitutortk took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

uA Sir

pi(J 3 Mali.A. 1770.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That-the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money j and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting, from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in, and sinking the fame; so far as to enable the Governor, Council, and Assembly of New York to pass an Act for creating, and issuing upon Loan, Paper Bills' of Credit, to a certain Amount, and to make the same a legal Tender at the Loan Offices and Treasury of the said Colony, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

.. The House resolved itself into the said Committee* Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jaekfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jaekfon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntoj which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Tpwfft'n,ithe P°kd, That an humble Address be presented to His of the Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Trish Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy Parliament, of all Instructions given to the Lord Lieutenant of the Kingdom of Ireland, relative to the late sudden Proro-

gation of the Irish Parliament, at a Time when Affairs of the greatest National Importance to that Kingdom were depending in the said Parliament j together with the Papers on which the said Instructions were founded, and his Answers thereto.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof, the Words, " and likewise a Copy of a Message of the 16th of " November last, from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland " to the House of Commons of that Kingdom, relative to the Augmentation of the Forces there."

The House was moved, That the Preamble of an Act made in the 13th and 14th Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That those Words be added at the End of the Question; it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of all Instructions given to the Lord Lieutenant of the Kingdom of Ireland, relative to the late sudden Prorogation of the

Irish Parliament, at a Time when Affairs of the greatest National Importance to that Kingdom were depending in the said Parliament; -together with the Papers On which the said Instructions were founded, and his An-Jwers thereto; and likewise a Copy of a Message of the 16th of November last, from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to the . House of Chmmons of that Kingdom, relative to the Augmentation of the Forces there j

The House divided. -....

The Yeas went forth,

16

New York; Paper Bills of Credit.

Motion

Te^fonheY^^f^ } *

Tellers for the Noes,{ sl'p^Ol/tma - 7*-.

So it passed in the Negative.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it-was referred to "consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di reded him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at tins Cleric’s Table: Where the same were Jread; ind are as followed!) viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee/ That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account of the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and budding Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1770.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee! That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

The laid llesolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being fead i

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,* upon the Bill for the better enabling the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to raise a Military Force, for the Protection of thejf Settlements and Possessions in India.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons, during a Recess of Parliament, to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members who shall happen to die during such Recess of Parliament.

The Order made this Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent Delays of Justice by Reason of Privilege, of Parliament, was re-committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read:

Mr. Onslow accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in1 at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were, once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be tngrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

11

l

Supply*

Bast India Company!

railing Military Force;

Miie

of

Writ*

for

Ele&ioat*

Privilege

of

Parliament*

ie

Account;

Public

Debts*

io Geo. III.

4* Maii.

Veneris, 4° die Maii;

Anno 10° Georgii III"* Regis, 1770.

PkAYERS.

THE House being informed. That Mr.

from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

1 1

An Account of all the Public Debts, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer; Handing out the 5th Uay 6f January 1770, being Old~ Christtras Day, with the innual Interest, or other Charges, payable for' the lame.

And thin he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Accdunt 'wls rczdf

The laid Account is as followed viz.

i I / 1 t i

’ f < 1 i

t 1 t 1 *

3 t ... a !

» # . I

1 l 1 I

» 1

‘ >< »

Vot.

S’*

To

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled. ..

' r" e*

An ACCOUNT of all the Public Debts, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, (handing out the Fifth Day of January 1770, (being Old Chrt/itnas Day) with the Annual Infcereft,

or other Charges payable for the feme.

St

D

cq‘

n'

CD

Cl

CT

o

o

o

0C±

FT

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and unsubscribed to the South Sea Company Ditto - for Lire*, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sura contributed

Ditto - for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths -

Exchequer Bills made out for Interest of old Bills

Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by an Act 5* Geo. 3d1 R’s, being the original Sum contributed -Note, The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, ifc. being Annual Grants, are u ‘

not charged in this Account, nor the £.1,000,000 charged on the Deduction of 6d. per Lib. on Pensions, nor the £.1,800,000 borrowed Anno 1769, and charged on the Supplies, Anno 1770.

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 9* Willi. 3d1 R’s, and Two other Acts, 6* et g° Anna Regina at £.3 per Cent, per Annum -

Annuities at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. A° 1744, charged on the Surplus of the Additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters -

BANK OF ENGLAND.

5

On their original Fund at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. from the 1st August 1743....

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 3 Georgii primi Regis Purchased of the South Sea Company

Annuities at£. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714 ——

Ditto - at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Coals since Lady Day 1719 ——

Ditto - at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. Ao 1746, charged on the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day 1746

Ditto - at £. 3 per Cent. per Ann. charged on the Sinking Funds, by the Acts 35°, 28*, 290, 32*, Sf 33* Geo. 2" R’s, If 40, 6°, 70, 4r 8° Geo. 3d1 R’s - - - 38,027,821

Ditto - at £. 3 per Cent, per Am. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, bfc. granted by an Act 310 Geo. 2* R’s, and Duty on Houses and Windows by

the Act 6* Geo. 3d1 R’s ----- .....500,000

Ditto - at £. 3 per Cent. per. Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Act 25* Geo. 2* R’s, et 5* Geo. 3,u R’s....

Ditto - at £. 3f per Cent, per Ann. charged on the said Fund, by the Act 290 Geo. 2* R’s ——

Ditto - at £. 3! per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, fyc. granted by an Act 31° Geo. 2*" R’s, and Duty on Houses and Windows, by the Act 6# Geo. 3d1 R’s Ditto - at £.4 per Cent, per A nn. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Act 2* Geo. 3th R’s- - -

Memorandum: The Subscribers of £.100 to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of gs. a Ticket, which amounted to £. 22,500, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £.16,440 10s. And the Subscribers of £.100 to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 18s. a Ticket, which amounted to £.45,000, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 32,030. 101. And the Subscribers of £. 100 for £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1757* wer€ allowed an Annuity for One Life of £.1. 2 s. 6 d. which amounted to£. 33, 750, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 30,800. 15 s. And the Subscribers of £.100 for £.3 per Cent. Annuities, 1761, were allowed an Annuity for 99 Years of £.1. sts. 6d. amounting, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to £.130,053. los* 3^* And the Contributors to £.12,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1762, were entitled to Annuities for 98 Years of £.1 per Cent, per Ann. which, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, amount to the Sum of 121*687. 10 s. which Annuities for 99 Years, and 98 Years, were consolidated by the Act 4* Geo. R’s, all which Annuities are an Increase of the Annual Interest, but cannot be added to the Public Debt, as no Money was advanced for the same. - -- --.....----

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 90 Georgii primi Regis Annuities at £. 3 per Cent. Anno 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund

Exchequer, the 4th Day of May 1770.

Edw< Wllford«

Principal Debt.

£. d

1,836,275 17 io$

108,100----

71,205 14 io$

2,200 -

18,000 -

3,200,000 -

1,000,000 -

3,200,000 -

500,000 -

4,000,000 — *

1.250.000 — i —

1.750.000 -- ! — ~

986,800 — 1 — 38,527,821 5 \i|

19,183,323 16*47

1.500.000 -- ~---

4,500,000 --c-

20,240,000 -- y

I" *'

25,025,309 uj lif 2,100,000 ~ —

128,999,036.% 2}.

T"11 '*

-.j f* —

Annual Interest, ojr other Charge* payable for theeame.

£. s._d.

136,453 6 *

- 7,567 — _r* 5

.8,67* 12 .

.540-----:

97,285 14 30,401 15

100,00*. — . 15,000 — ' 121,898 3 V 37,500 — ", 52,500 —

29,604 —

*177,34^ 10

1

586,290 6

- 53.34315

- 160,03,1/ 5

820,98^5--

k

5:

8 <-» ,

6

331,012-15 3

765,326 3 64,181 5

1

4,595,94° 18 8

jo Geo. III. 4'

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Privilege of An ingrafted Bill to prevent Delays of Justice by Pirllatuent. reason of Privilege of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Nemine contract I'll at the Bill do pals:

And that the Title be. An Act for the further preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Office* An ingrafted Bill to indemnify such Persons, in Great and Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify them-Smpioyment*. for Offices and Employments within the Time

limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for allowing further Time for registering and inrolling Agreements entered into for inclosing Commons, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees for Timber or Underwood; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons, in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; for allowing further Time for registering and inrolling Agreements entered into for inclosing Commons, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees for Timber or Underwood; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make, and file, Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotland; Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the improvement Committee, to whom the Bill to encourage the Improve-«t Lan t. ment LanciS) Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of drift Entail, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

__ 4

Ball India Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Company; whole House, to whom the Bill for compelling Persons dismissed the Service of the East India Company to de-Seryants. Part from the East Indi, and for better regulating the Servants of the said Company, and for other Purposes, -was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Veftminller A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Paving, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Talong Notice of the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of and Parts

adjacent; and for granting a further Toll upon certain Horses and Carriages, to be applied to the several Purposes therein mentioned; and letting forth, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in the Form it now stands, it will be highly injurious to the Petitioners, who will thereby be subjected to a very burthensome Toll, to be applied to Purposes, from which they can receive little or no Advantage: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as lay any additional Toll on Horses or Carriages.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their, Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

’ Ordered, That' it be an, Inllruftion to the said Com-Vol. 32.

Mail. 919

It tee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Dundas, according to Older, reported from the L’nehit Committee of the whole House, to whom thft Bill for riifing appropriating a Fund, established by an Act made in the H®a'P>&c* Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and drafting of Hemp and Flax, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend* ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend* ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrafted.

Mr. Jaekfon, according to Order, reported from the KewYork: Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Pap««KU*of explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of Cre His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in, and sinking the lame; so far as to enable the Governor, Council, and Assembly of New York, to pass an Act for creating, and issuing upon Loan,

Paper Bills of Credit, to a certain Amount, and to make the same a legal Tender at the Loan Offices and Treasury of the said Colony, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to Preservation whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the of Game. Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and to make some further Provisions, in order to prevent both the unwarrantable and unseasonable Destruction of the Game in general; and to establish, in some Cafes, more efficient Modes of Proceeding for the Punishment of Offenders; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said- Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac* Account; count of all Transfers that have been made at the Bank 4 t* 9ent of England of the Four per Centum Consol idated Annuities, Annuitl*‘ with the respective Names of such Persons to whom the same have been transferred, from the 3th Day of April last to this 4th Day of May inclusive.

11 B Mr*

D?rcovfry of the Longitude.

Rice.

Cu^oms; rctftffving a Mistake.

Swale

Navigation;

Great

Cowden

Inclosure.

920

40. Mail A, 1770.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and rendering "ftibre effectual foveral Acts for providing a public Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea, for improving the Lunar Tables constructed by the late Professor Meyer, and for encouraging Dil'cor veries and Improvements ul'eful to Navigation, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Angui/h.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florid, to the Southward of

Cape Finisterre, in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake, in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places, to;

for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, in the Province of , in Africa; for

allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and Private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of ,in the

Islands of Orkney; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for completing the Navigation of the River , from its Junction with the River Ure, to Morton , and of Bedale Brook, in the County of York; and for repealing Part of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, relating the reto: without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Township of Great Cowden, in the several Parishes of ton and Aldbrough, in Holderness, in the East Riding of

the County of York; without any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act M*t'crf<*y for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Mea- indofure. dows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Matterfey, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Welteit for inclosing several Open and Common Fields, and Inclosure. Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of , in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment;

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Durnsforth for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Inclosure. Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township or Territories of Upper Dunsforth and Brant on, in the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lrcdi for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, . from Leeds Bridge, in the County of , to the North Lady's IValk, in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey; without any Amendment: And allb, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Louth, fee. for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Hoads, the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Carlton for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, inclosure. Common Meadows, Common Pastures, a Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Great Carlton and Castle Carlton, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment 1 And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Comberfoid for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Mea- indofure. dows, Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Mapor of Comberford, and IViggington, or Prebends of

and Coton, in the County of St; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That Mr. Ibbetson, from Greenwich the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at HofyitaL the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Money has been received by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, out of the Rents ami Profits of the Derzventwater Estate, between ift of December .1768, and the 30th of November 1769, and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

la

G.

io Geo. III.

4* Man.

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign* intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited, by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentvoater, and Charles Radcliffe;

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and a^ree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, and other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital, in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament respectively:

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital do humbly report j as followeth.

That there has been received between the ift of December 1768, and the 30th of November 1769, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate; viz.

s. d

On account of the Annual Rents - -- 6,325 15 3

Lead Mines - - -.....- 5,174 4 8£

£. 11,500 o o

As to the Proceedings in carrying on the Bvilding.

' At the New Infirmary.

Fitting up the West Part of the Building for Pensioners; building Hot and Cold Baths, and a Walhhouse for the Nurles j paving round the Outside of the Building, and in the Courts j £. s. d.

which Works have been brought to Account, and amount to the Sum of - 1,977 18 $

The Ordinary Work*.

Fitting up those Wards in Queen Mary's, Building (which were uled as an Infirmary) for Pensioners: new additional Calks, and Brewing Vessels, and Repairs at the Brewhouse, Bakehouse, and several Walhhouses; which, together with the necessary Repairs of the Officers Apartments, the several Wards, and their Furniture, Courts, Roads, Drains, Sewers, Pipes, and other Repairs, for the Service of the Hospital, amount to the Sum of - - - - 4,555 14 o

6,533 12 5

N. B. There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and

Profits of the Estate, between the ill of December 1768, and the 30th of November 1769, £. s.

on account of Repairs - - - .444 14

By Order of the Commissioners.

Jrf Ibbetson,

3d Apr 177a

d.

Burglaries

and

Robb?ri«.

liTue of Writs for Ekdions.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for making the receiving of stolen Jewels, and Gold and Silver Plate, in the same of Burglary and Highway Robbery, more penal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Gray, &c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons, during a Recess of Parliament, to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room of such Members who shall happen to die during such Recess of Parliament, be now read.

Vol. 32.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Kynaston accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had rfiaefe to the Bill, and which they had directed him to repott to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iij. -at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that feme other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill j

922

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a select Committee.

And the said Bill was re-committed to Mr.

Mr. Phipps, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

East India Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Company; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Military uP°n the Bill for the better enabling the United Corn-Force.' pany of Merchants of En, trading to the East

to raise a Military Force, for the Protection of their Settlements and Possessions in India, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cust took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cust reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

A. 1770.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Cust accordingly reported from the said Com- ]

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had m^de to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be l'ufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Paper, intituled, Final Balance of the Earl of Earl " Kinnouirs Account, as late Paymaster General." Kinnouifi

And the Title of the said Paper was read, Account.

The feid Paper is as followeth; viz.

4* Mail.

Final B A L A N C £ of the Earl of Kinnou/fs Account, as late Paymaster General, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, amounting to the Sum of Three thousand Nine hundred Forty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Seven Pence.

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 4 May 1770.

J)f Powell,

Accomptant.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Dalby’j The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Petition into Confederation the Report which was made from the CompwfatMn. Committee, to whom the Petition of Francis Lon-

don, Merchant, had been referred, was re-committed.

And the said Report was read i and is as followed); viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Ship Britanniq, being bound on a Voyage to Genoa or Naples, and from thence to Gallipoly, and back to London, the Stopping the Ship and Cargo at Port , by Admiral

Mathews, and the Voyage being thereby totally defeated, Dalby produced the following Evidence:

October 19th *743- Charter Party between Dalby and Collyer ,whereby Dalby let the Ship Britannia, whereof William Henry was Mailer, to freight to Mr. , to carry Com to Genoa; and, at s Option, to carry

.20 Men, and go with Convoy, or. 25 Men, and go without, at 45 s. per Ton, with Convoy, and 47 s. (sd. without, reckoning 5 Quarters to the Ton; with Two Thirds of the Port and other Charges; with Liberty to fend the Ship to Naples, at 52 s. 6 d. per Ton. The Owner bound himself and his Ship for the true Delivery of the Cargo; and Collyer bound hi* Corn to . Payment of the Freight, &c. upon the true Delivery at either of those Ports.

8 DecT 1743. William Henry, the Mailers Bill of

Lading for 1065 Quarters of Wheat, to be delivered at Genoa or Naples, the Dangers of the Seas only excepted, to the Order of Collyer or his Assigns, he or they paying Freight for the said Goods as per Charter Party, with Collyer % Indorsement thereon, ordering the Cap-' '9

tain to deliver the Cargo to Messrs. Andre and Co. of Genoa, or their Assigns.

15 Ded 1743. Letter from Dalby to Birtles mentions the Ship Britannia then lay loaded at Spithead, bound for Genoa; mentions that he would himself lay out

£. 1000 in Oil at Genoa, Gall or any other Places he should advise, if he could procure Freight for the Remainder for London; directs him, if he thought it possible- to load the Vessel for London, instead of remitting him any Money, to contract for Oil with it, and that the other Freight would go very for or quite pay it.

3 January r 743. Collyer the Freighter’s Letter to Captain Henry, directing him to foil immediately with 25

Men, without waiting for Convoy, for Genoa; and to wait 48 Hours off the Height of Genoa, for Orders whether to deliver the Cargo there, or proceed with it to Naples.

3 January 1743. Dalby's Letter to Captain Henry, mentioned that he had settled with Mr. Collyer, and directing Henry to proceed directly for Genoa or , and from thence to New England or Gallipoly, and London.

5 January 1743. Dalby'% Letter to Henry, inclosing

Collyer's Consent above mentioned to fail without Convoy, and an Agreement between Dalby and Henry, re lative to the Voyage, as follows:

5 January. Memorandum of Agreement between Francis Dalby, of London, Owner, and William Henry, Master of his Ship Britannia, now bound on a Voyage from Cowes to Genoa or Naples, and from thence either to load at Gallipoly, or any other Port in the Mediterranean, for London, or Boftou in New England, as the said Francis Dalby shall appoint, under his Hand in Writing: In Confederation of which Service to be done and performed by the said William Henry, the said Francis Dalby agrees to pay him the Sum of £. 6 Sterling per Month;

and

io Geo. III. 40 Mali. 923

and the said William Henry agrees to accept of the fame, and to acquit himself in all Things as a good and faithful Mailer* for the said £. 6. per Month, without the Allowance of Primage, or arty Thing else whatsoever, which are declared to be and remain the Property of the said Francis Dalby; which Agreement is signed by Dolby and Heniy,

8 January 1643. Henry'% Letter to Dalby, mentioning he had received his said Letter, with Col Iyer's inclosed; that he had signed the Agreement above mentioned, and was glad he had received such Orders both from Collyer and Dalby, and would take particular Notice of Dalby $ Orders, and not go from them the lead in the World.

5 January 1743. Dalby'% Letter to Birtles, mentioning, that please God the Ship arrived lafe at , he was to receive for Dalby 47 s.6 d. per Ton Freight, Two Thirds Port Charges, and the customary Primage and Average; that the Ship was to Hop 48 Hours, without any Coll to Dalby, for Orders to discharge at Genoa or go to Naples; in which last same Dalby was to be paid 52 6 per Ton

Freight, with the Port Charges, Primage, and Average as aforesaid. He ordered Birtles to make him no Remittance on Account of the Freight of the Wheat by the Ship Good Hope, (another Ship belonging to Dalby, which had been oonsigned to Birtles) but to invest the lame, together with what should arise by the Charter Party, with Collyer, in Gallipoly Oil, towards loading the Britannia back to London.

19 January 1743. Dalby's Letter to Birtles, advising him that he was resolved to load Oil in the Britannia, if it was possible to be done; desired that he would let out Two Thirds of the Ship upon the bell Terms he could, above 50 s.per Ton, and to purchase One Third of the Cargo j yet, rather than obstruct the Ship, Dalby would take Half the Cargo, as he desired to nave the Ship returned in Time for Newfoundland; that he would try to let Part of the Ship here, but it should be with Restriction that Birtles had nob done it at Genoa.

19 January.- Dalby'% Letter to ordering,

that, on his Arrival at Genoa, he should follow such Directions as he should receive from John Birtles, Esquire, who was to receive the Freight and Primage the Ship made, and would disburse what might be ab-lolutely necessary for the Use of the Ship. It appears that this Letter was sent under Cover to in the

Letter to him of the same Date.

26 January 1743. Dalby'% Letter to Birtles requests him to serve him as much as he can in the Britannia; for that to Boston (he mud not go; and points at other

Ways of employing the Ship, in Cale, on his buying Half the Cargo of Oil, it should prove impracticable to procure a Freight for London or Holland-, and would write further next Post.

19th February 1743. Birtles' Letter to Dolby, advising, that his Letter of the 19th pad was come to Hand; that he observed the Ship Britannia was at lad (ailed j and, among other Things, he writes as follows; " I find " you are fixed in your Sentiments to have the Ship " returned to you; to facilitate which, I have made " Note to purchase One Third, or even One Half of her Cargo of Oil for your Account; with which Foundation, I don’t doubt but shall get her a full Ship at £.4. Sterling, and perhaps more, per Ton. I hope " you will not have contracted for any Part of the Cargo " Homeward, as may prejudice the Scheme I have in " View, by which I flatter myself (he may make a good Freight."

1 d March 1743. Dalby's Letter to Birtles, acknow-

leging Receipt of his Letter of the 19th February-, in which he writes, " I am glad you are like to procure " Half the Cargo of the Britannia on Freight. Some " of our Merchants have informed me, that Gallipoly " Oil was fell to 21 Ducats per Salm; I find by your " Letter, the Price was higher: I shall, therfofe only " requed you to get it on the bed Terms possible* If VOL. 32.

" Henry is not gone to Gallipoly before this, I would Dalby’* have the Velvet and Piece of Silk, which I ordered ^c^"on " for my own Use, lent by him; and please to supply " no Money for the Ship more than you fee absolutely " necessary."

id March 1743. Upon or inclosed in the lad Letter above mentioned, Dolbys Letter to Henry, mentioning, among other Things, that His Correspondent Birtles would inform him how to ad at Gallipoly; and directing Henry, if by contrary Winds he put in any where in the British Channel, to perform his Quarantine at once.

12 March 1744, Captain Henry's Protect at Mahon, which, by the Translation produced by the Commissioners of Victualing, is as follows: Appeared, iBc. Captain William Henry, of the English Nation, Commander

" of the Ship Britannia, at present riding at Anchor " in this Port of Mahon, where he hath been hindered " coming in, from the 9th Indant; and until this Day " he could not appear, by reason of the bad Weather " herein after mentioned: And being sworn, according " to the English Custom, before his Worship, Dr. Gabriel Oliver y Pardo, Knight, Judge Commissary of " this Tribunal, declared as follows. That he departed 4* from Cowes, in England, on the 27th Day of January " lad pad, Old Style, with his said Ship loaden with " Wheat, in order to carry the same to Genoa, to the " Consignment of the English Consul; and arrived at " Gibraltar on the 14th Day of February lad, or thereabouts; from whence (he set fail the same Day, in " Company with His Majesty’s Ship of War the New-:

" castle. Captain Fox, in order to come to Minorca,

" and from thence to proceed to Genoa with the said " Convoy for greater Safety: That he arrived off this " Port of Mahon, on the 6th Indant, New Style, but.

" the Wind proving contrary he could not get in, so " that he was obliged to come to an Anchor, with the " major Part of the said Convoy, without the Mouth * of the Harbour, and the Wind changing to the Ead " North Ead on the 8th Indant, which accords with " the 26th of February Old Style, he set fail, and endeavoured to get in, having a Pilot of this Country " on board, but was obstructed by Means of the bad " Weather increasing, and being at the Entrance of " the Port, he was overtaken with a Squall of Wind " a-bead, which came with such Violence, that he was " obliged immediately to let go his Anchor in the Sea,

" and not having any Time to get out and haul up the " Cable to dop the Ship and secure her, Ihe went upon the Rocks called La Clofa, at the Mouth of the

Port, where Ihe continued for the Space of Four " Hours, broke her Rudder, and made much Water;

" and ader the said Ship of War had sent him Afiiflance in his Launch, (he was got off the said Rocks;

but by reason of bad Weather he could not get in until the nth Indant, which accords, or is answerable to the 29th of February, Old Style: And as the " Appearer is apprehensive, that it is necessary to make a Protect for the Reasons aforegoing, and suspecting '

" that his Cargo may be wetted by the great Quantities " of Water the said Ship received, he therefore declared.

" to protect against the Sea, as well as against whomsoever he legally may or ought to protect; and prays your Worthip would be pleased to receive an " exalt Information thereof, and afterwards grant him " such Copies of the same as he may have Occasion for,

folutis falvendis, for the Justification of his Rights,

" tec. The which he prays for in the bed Manner " possible, iBc."

Daniel Wane, Mate, and Benjamin Cranston, Carpenter of the said Ship, at the laine Time, confirmed the said Protect upon Oath.

9 March 1743. A Warrant under the Hand of Admiral Matthews, whereby he empowered, authorized, and directed the said Captain Henry forthwith to deliver, for the Use of his Majesty, to Mr. Rujfel then

11 C Agent

924

4* Maii. A. 1770.

Dalbv* Agent Victualler at Mathe Cargo of English Wheat

*hcn on hoard the Britain, under his Command, first co<np«nUMB. taking such Steps as the said Captain should think ne* cefiary and customary, as well for his own Discharge, as the Security and Satisfaction of the Freighters and Proprietors of the said Wheat, which was to be paid for by the said Rujj'el RevelL, at the Price it might reasonably be worth, at the Market it was consigned to, in same it had not been stopt at Mahon, for his Majesty’s Service; and for all which, that should be to Captain Henry a Sufficient Warrant.

8 March 1743. Rujfe Letter to the Commissioners of Victualling, acquainting them, that the Admiral had ordered him to receive the said Cargo of Wheat, which the Admiral had lo stopt for his Majesty’s Service; and to pay for it in Manner mentioned in the above Warrant.

14 March 1743- Admiral Mathews Warrant of this Date, directing the said iteiW/, among other Things,

to receive the said Cargo, and cauic it to be ground and made into Ru(k with all possible Expedition, for the Use of his Majesty’s Fleet, to prevent their being distressed, in case the Supply of Provisions ordered from England should be delayed by the Uncertainty of the Sealbn, or other wise: And further, that as soon as he should have received all the Cargo of Wheat, and compared and agreed his Account thereof with the said Master, specifying whatever Quantity should be found damaged, he was to correspond with the said Consul , thereby advising him of the Admiral's Orders: And to prevent the Crown from being put to an additional Expence by any Demand of the Proprietors in case of Delay, and to prevent the Risque of remitting the Money in Specie; the said RevelI was directed to remit the Amount of the Cargo to the said Consul in Bills of Exchange on the Commissioners for Victualling his Majesty’s Navy.

*7 March 1744. DaLetter to Captain Henry, ' advising him, that a French War being declared, he must

raiie the Freights very considerably; and he left the Care of giving Sailing Orders with John , Esquire, which he was to follow: That, if possible, he had best come with Convoy; if it happened otherwise, to make the First (afe Port in England he could, and there perform his Quarantine.

24 April 1744. Dolbys Letter to , informing him of the said Cargo of Wheat being stopt at Mahon; that on the morrow he would apply for Payment; and that he would take such Care, that Birtles should be under no Difficulty to draw for Money to make good the Orders he had or should give.

To shew a Fund in ’ Hands for purchasing the Oil at Gallipoly as intended by Dolby; — he produced,

13 NovT 1 743. Birtles’ Letter to Dalby, acknowleging his having received Bill of Lading fix- 329 Quarters of Wheat consigned to him, for s Account, by the Ship Good Hope, of which he was (ok Owner; wherein he fays, he would credit Das Account for the Freight of the Ship.

4 Dec’ 1743. Birtles’ Letter to Dalby, advising, that the Good Hope was arrived in Safety; that he had taken Samples of the Cargo, and it was cf a good Quality.

18 Dec' 1743. Birtles’ Letter to , advising him, he had concluded the Sales of the Com to Andrea Petizam, at £.16 per mine of 194#. to be paid in Two Months.

\ And he referred to the Evidence above as to the Britannia’s Freight being £.570.

To prove the Value of the Ship, and the Cost of Insurance; Dalby referred himself to the Evidence given at the Committee on his Petition last Year, by Alexander Cliotie, Merchant, who is , fmce dead; which Evidence, as appear* upon „ the Journal of the House of last Seftons, is ri*

followeth:

That a Ship of her Tonnage and Age, fitted, manned, -and victualled, completely, for the Sea, for such a Voyage, and in such Manner as the Britannia appeared to be at the Time of her (ailing from England, must have cost the Owner, and was worth £. 12 per Ion, or thereabouts: And produced John Fry,. an Insurance Broker, who being examined touching the Insurance of Ships from London to Mahon, about the Time of the Britannia's failing thither, declared, the Premium for such Insurance was 12 per Cent, without Convoy.

To prove. That after the Ship was stopt by Admiral Mathews, Dalby did every Thing in his Power to recover the full Possession of his Ship, in order to prosecute his intended Voyage, and to prevent, as , far as he could, tire Losses and Damages he hath since sustained in consequence of her being stopt by Admiral Mathews; and that notwithstanding his frequent Applications to the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners of Victualling, and Courts of Law and Equity, he was prevented by the Agents of Government from ever regaining Possession of his Ship, and ascertaining the Money due to him in respect thereof, either by the Arbitrament of Merchants of Reputation, or by a Jury, when the legal Remedy subsisted;

Dalby produced the following Evidence.

1 ft May 1744. Dalbys Memorial to the Lords of the Admiralty, letting forth, among other Things, that by the taking of the said Wheat, the Ship’s intended* Voyage was obstructed, and the Ship must unavoidably be unemployed at least Three Months before the Master could have Orders how to proceed, and that it was not possible for Dalby to send to supply the Non-payment of the Freight, which was to have been paid at Genoa or Naples, which Dalby thereby complained was a Lois to him of at least £.450 more than what he was entitled to receive from the said Collyer, if the Cargo had been regularly delivered at Genoa or; and also, an

additional Loft of Insurance to of £.189; the

Premium from Mahon to GaHipoly being £.13. 15 j. per Cent, on the said Ship, which was valued at £1,200; and that Dalby would also consequently lose the Ship’s Freight Home, which would be upwards of £. 1 ,oooo> and sustains a Loft on a 100 Ton of Oil, which would produce £.1,000 more Profit from the Price it would have been purchased at if the Freight had been regularly paid: Therefore Dalby prayed Satisfaction, iSc.

1 ft May 1744. Dolby s Letter to Birtles, acquainting him, he could not then inform him whaf Satisfaction he should obtain in consequence of his Application to the Admiralty, but hoped, by Friday after, or certainly be Tuesday, he should know what was to be done: Gave general Directions about the Gallipoly Voyage; and that he, Birtles, should have a Remittance to make up £. 1 ,aoo in his Hands for that Purpose, and requesting, in the Interim, his utmost for the Ship.

ad May 1744. A Minute in a Book of the Commissioners of Victualling, as follows, " Mr. Corbet, 1 ft May,

" inclosing a Petition of Francis , setting forth " the Damage he has sustained, by Admiral Mathews " (topping his Ship Britannia at Mahon, with Wheat,

" ana directing us to inquire into the Matter thereof " (the Petitioner being ordered to attend us) and state the Circumstances of the Cafe, and to report our " Opinion of the Loss or Damage, if any, he has sustained thereby, and what may be proper to be done " for his Relief; Mr. Dalby attending the Board, set " forth the several Damages he should sustain by his <c Mailer’s not being able to proceed till his receiving . " fresh Orders; the Want of his Freight being paid at <c Genoa to( purchase Oil, and the Impossibility of his * fending Money thither to supply the Non-payment " thereof; the additional Insurance to Gallipoly, where in all Probability, the Ship would have arrived before the breaking out of the French War could have " been known in thofo Parts; with other Particulars

mentioned

t

io Geo. III. 4* Mail.

9*5

M mentioned at large in the said Petition; to which the " Board made him Answer, That all they could do was " to order his Freight to be paid at , agreeable " to the Charter Party between him and Mr.

" in same the Ship had gone to the said Place, provided it shall appear, that it had not been paid inert: " already by Mr. Revell; and desired that Mr.

and he would make up the Freight between them j " accordingly give the Board an Account, and produce the Charter Party for the said Ship, to be inspected " into by the Board, to be satisfied that it corresponds " with the feme."

3 May 1744. Dalby'% Letter to the Commissioners of Victualling, containing an Account of the Money which would be due to him, on the Delivery of the Cargo at Naples, in which he states particularly the Damages and Lodes he sustained, or might be liable to suffer, by the flopping the Ship in Manner aforesaid, and the Difeppointment of his intended Voyage. And it appears, That on the feme Day and on the Day after, he delivered to the Commissioners for their Perusal, the several Papers or Pieces of Evidence, above and herein aftermentioned; viz.

The Charter Party with Collyer.

An Account of what would have been due to him under the Charter Party, upon the Ship's Arrival at Genoa or Naples respectively.

Copy of the Mailer’s Bill of Lading.

Copy of Collyer'% Order to the Matter.

Dalby'% Letter to the Matter, 5 th January 1743.

The Agreement between Dolby and the Matter, of the feme Dame.

The Matter's Letter to , promising not to depart from his Orders, 8 January 1743.

Dalby'% Letter to the Matter, of the 1,9 January 1743, sent to Genoa.

Birtles' Letter to Dolby of the 19th February 1743, and,

Dalby'% Letter to the Matter of the x ft March 1743, sent to Genoa.

5 May 1744. A Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling, to Thomas Esq; Secretary

to the Admiralty, mentioning that they had discoursed Mr. Dolby on the several Points contained in his Petition or Memorial, and apprehended there wa9 not then sufficient light whereon to ground an Opinion with respect to the Damage which he set forth he should sustain; but, as they thought it very reasonable the Freight of the Ship should be paid as far as,

they therefore proposed to him, that if the

Owner of the Wheat, and he could adjust the Amount thereof, according to the Charter Party, they had no Objection to its being paid here, on Security being given to indemnify the Crown, in same it had been already paid to the Matter, or otherwise by their Agent at Mahon j but Mr. Dolby hinting, That this Method might occasion Delay, and be greatly injurious to him, us he wanted the Money at Genoa, or Credit to Pur-clufe a Freight Home, they proposed to fend a Copy of the Charter Party to Mr. , His Majesty’s Conlul at Genoa, add to desire him to make up the Freight agreeable thereto, as if the Ship had arrived at Genoa, and to draw Bills on the Commissioners for the fame, and to follow the Directions of Mr. Dolby in the Disposal of the Money; which Method Mr. Dolby having consented to, they intended, if their Lordships had no Objection, to write to Mr. Birtles accordingly.

8 May 1744. A Letter from Mr. Corbet, signifying to the Commissioners, that the Lords of the Admiralty had no Objection to their doing as they proposed.

May 7. A Letter from the Commissioners to Birtles under this Date, wherein they sent him a Copy of the Charter Party, which had been left with them by Dalby, the Owner of the Ship; and desiring he would take upon him the Trouble of adjusting the Freight agreeable thereto, and to draw Bills on them for the fame, in Manner above mentioned.

Vol. 32.

8 May 1744. Dolby's Letter to Birtles, wherein Ire Dolby's

sent him a Copy of his Letter to the Commissioners, Petition

of the 3d May abovementioned, taking Notice of his roTf.»L;^( Memorial, and the Proceedings thereon as above stated, and directing him, in making up the Account, to compute the Freight as if Dalby had remitted that Sum at 541, and to draw on the Board for the Commission,

Pottage, and all the Charges; that he had consented to this Compromise for the present, to put the Ship into Action, and desired Birtles to do no Act that might hinder him of recovering for the Damages hfc had futtained; he reminded him, that he, Dalby, had made out his Bill of the Freight as for Naples, and that he expected to be paid for, or the Demurrage he had given up to Collyer, for that his Ship would have been at Naples, before the Eruption of the French War; that the Port Charges in England were the feme as he ordered to be taken of Mr. Andre, and that if the extri Charges at Port Mahon, and the Two Thirds at Genoa, did not amount to £.20, he should correct that Charge he directed Birtles, in same he loaded the Ship for

with the Goods he had ordered, to draw on the Commissioners of Victualling, as he should fee fit, on the Account of his Freight and Damages: And, in order that the Ship might not be further stopt, or Birtles run any Rifhue, he ttiould fill up the Bills of Lading for all the Goods to himself or Order, and fend them to Mr. Hall, till the Commissioners paid the Bill, and he,

Dalby, paid what they might exceed the Effects in Birtles* Hands: That if Brimstone was reasonable, he should Ship 15 or 20 Tons of it, and a Ton of Verme-celli, beside the Goods before directed: That if he did not load Henry for London, he should by the first Pott acquaint the Commissioners, that Dalby might have his Freight j but if with the Goods Dalby formerly ordered, he could not load Henry for to fend

him him away at once for Salt.

8. May 1744. Dalby'% Letter to Captain which was lent under Cover to , acquainting him, that he had wrote folly to Birtles about the Ship, and requesting Henry to load with the utmost Dispatch for London, or Boston in New England, as Birtles should direct.

No Letter appears to have been Wrote by Birtles to Dalby, relative to the Ship Britannia, or any other Matter from the nth of April 1744, until the nth bf June, when he wrote the Letter of that Date herdb* aftermentioned.

3 July 1744. Dalby's Letter to the Commissionere, mentioning, that, agreeable to their Opinion, on his Letter of the 3d May above mentioned, he readily suspended any further Proceedings on his Memorial aforesaid to the Admiralty, till further Information could bo received from Mr. Birtles, who, by his Letter of the i ith of June, advised him that his London Scheme for Oil would then totally prove abortive, and that the Captain would go to Cagliari to load Salt: That he should have no Occasion to make use of the Commissioners Orders to Birtles of the 7th of because the Matter of the Britannia had drawn £. 200 on him, payable in London to Ezekiel Hall, for purchasing his feid Salt. That as the Consul had not advised the Board how much the Freight, idc. would have amounted to, , had the Ship discharged at Genoa, it was premature to expect a Report as to the actual Freight, &c. but he hoped for a Report on the other Matters mentioned in his Memorial 3d May, and an equitable same to be stated on them, according to the Promise before made him, that he might have the Judgment of the Adrrrif rally Board thereon.

io July 1744. Dalby'% Letter to Birtles, acquainting him of the Pain he had foffered by the Difeppbint-ment of Money to pay the Bill of £. 200, drawn upon him by henry to Green and Hall, and directing him, immediately on Receipt of that Letter, to remit £. aoo and the Interest to Mr. Hall, out of the Proceeds of the

pa 6 4 'MA. 1770.

Dalby’* Cargo and Freight by Turrell, and to return him the that is'already received by him, or may hereafter be Petition Bill and Protest. recovered by him, for the Freight and Port Charges of

mpcaiati n To prove that Birtles paid the said £. 200, in Dif- the said Cargo of Wheat from the Proprietors, accord-ampcoution. charge of that Bill, pursuant to Dalby's Order; ing to the Directions he shall receive from the Board.

Dolby read Part of Birtles' Answer to his Bill in 22 October 1744. Dolby's Letter in pursuance of

the Court of Exchequer, sworn the 10th of the last Minute to which he delivered to the

May 1757, in the following Words; viz. Commissioners, to be by them forwarded to him, to the " And this Defendant faith. He believes it to be true, following Effect; " As my Ship the Britannia

" That the Complainant, having accepted a Bill of Ex- " never arrived at , I will have nothing to do with " change drawn at Port Mahon in the Island of Minorca" Mr. , who was the Proprietor of the Corn,

" by one William Henry, on him, for £. 200 Sterling, " Mr. Andre of that Place, who was his Agent, or any

" and that the Bill being in the Hands of the said Mr. " other Person, except the Admiral, who seized the " Hall, that he, the said Complainant, did write to this " Goods for His Majesty’s Use: therefore if you have " Defendant a Letter dated on or about the rothof " received any Money on that Head, I have nothing to do " July 1744, but with no express Direction from him, " with it, and you mull account with the Commissioners " the said Complainant, to remit to the said Mr. Hall " of Vidualling, or whom they appoint for the lame."

" the said £. 200 Sterling, but only acquainting him, this 5 Novr 1744. The Report of the Commissioners df " Defendant, that he had prevailed on the concerned Victualling to the Lords of the Admiralty, on Dolby's " (meaning, as this Defendant did and doth believe, Memorial of the ill in which they say, it did not " the concerned in the said Freight of Com) to request seem to them, that Dalby had any Claim for Freight of " him, this Defendant, immediately on Receipt of that the said Corn on their Office, the same having been " Letter to remit £. 200 and the Interest to Mr. Hall, paid for by them in the Price given for it to the Proout of the Proceeds of the Cargo and Freight by prietor; and was retained for the Complainant’s Use " Burrell, and return him, the said Complainant, the Bill, in the Hands of Mr- Birtles.

" which would be sent him, this Defendant, the same To shew that Dalby continued to use every Means

" Post, but which this Defendant did not receive at that " Time; and this Defendant remitted the Money to the " said Mr. Hall, the next Poll after the Receipt of the " laid Complainant’s laid Letter to this Defendant."

r.7 July. Dalby'sLetter to Birtles, wherein he writes,

that he hoped, should the Ship have wanted more Money which he thought necessary for any Repairs, Salt, or Provisions, he had supplied it, and debited the Proceeds by Burrell, as it would be cruel to suffer fur* ther Delay.

25 July. Dolby's Letter to the Commissioners, wherein he writes, that as they had come to a RefoUi-tion to do nothing in regard to the Britannia, till an Answer could be obtained from their Agent at Mahon, he desired they would fend such Directions to Mr. Birtles, that the Credit they had formerly given him on that Gentleman, might not hinder the adjusting his Claims at London.

£6 July. The Commissioners sent a Copy of the said Letter to Birtles, and directed him not to give Bills on them for the Freight of the Ship, as they had desired in their Letter of the 7th May.

5. October 1744. By the Minute of the Board of this Date, it appears that Dalby attending at the Board, relating to the Freight of the Britannia, stopt by Admiral Mathews, with a Cargo of Wheat, at Mahon, and desiring that as he had no Occasion for the Money at Genoa, that the Board would please to order him the Freight here, or such Part of it on Account, as the Board should think proper, till Answer could be had from Mr. Rev ell, to enable the Board to make a Report to the Admiralty, relating to his other Demands for the said Ship, upon which the Board acquainting him, they could not be certain of his not having ordered Mr. Birtles to pay the Freight, according to the Directions given him from the Board for that Purpose feme Time fence: But he replied, He was ready to give the Board sufficient Security to indemnify the Crown against such an Accident: Whereupon it was ordered that an Impress be made out to Mr. Dalby for Four hundred and Fifty Pounds Sterling, on Account of Freight for his Ship Britannia, stopt by Order of Admiral Mathews at Mahon, with a Cargo of Wheat, for the Use of His Majesty’s Fleet it) the Mediterrauean, upon his giving sufficient Security for indemnifying the Crown, against his having already received the Freight of the said Cargo of Wheat, or any Part of it, from the Owners or Mr. Birtles, on Account of the Crown, or the Owners, and against his receiving if, or giving any Order? for receiving it, for tha future, and upon his giving a frill and sufficient Authority to Mr. Birtles, to impower him to dispose of the Money

in his Power, to prevent and lessen the Losses and Damages, for which he now claims Satisfaction, he produced the following Evidence.

9 AW. Dalby's Letter to Birtles, mentioning he was greatly surprised on the 29th of last Month, to fee by a Public Lift, That the Britannia was again stopt at Mahon; and more especially as he had no Letter from Birtles, the Captain, or any other Person; That upon Enquiry, he found that Ihe was detained for £. zoo Bill of Green and Hall, which Birtles had informed him he had, or would discharge; and Dalby orders Birtles in that Letter, immediately to pay Mefl’rs. Green and and every other Person whatsoever, any Demand they had against the Ship or Cargo in the Britannia; to order the Ship to be supplied with Provisions, and what else he himself thought necessary; and to take Satisfaction thereof out of the Money in his Hands.

16 AW 1744. Daily's Letter to Birtles, complaining of the Treatment he had met with, and reproaching Birtles for his Conduit, acquaints him, that in order to be at a Certainty about the Britannia, he applied to MefTrs. Barbaud and Son, to settle with him about the Freight and Corn, in the Good Hope, and to see the Britannia discharged from Mahon.

16th AW 1744. Dalby's Letter to Barbaud and Son, with the full Power of Attorney to them for the Purpose aforesaid.

To prove Barbaud and Son’s Application to Birtles, for a Settlement of Dalbs Account and Payment of the Money due to him, and s Refusal,

and ,his Reaions for such Refusal:

Dalby referred to the Answers of Birtles to his Bill in the Exchequer, and the Depositions taken in that Cause.

30 AW. Dalby's Letter to Birtles, expressing his Surprise at the Conduit of Green and Hall, touching the Britannia, ,which he had that Night ordered to proceed to Carolina in Ballast, laid it appeared to him a Paradox, that his Letters of the 17 and 20th of (which are herein above Hated) should be so long by the Way as to make it the 7th of November, before he could have any Answer; fays he had received an An-count of Green and Hall's Proceedings, and declared, as the same then Hood, with regard to the Britannia, he would'have nothing to do with them, and prefies Birtles warmly to co-operate with Barbaud, to get the Ship away, if not already done.

5 XkcT 1744. Dalby's Letter to Admiral Mathews, setting forth the Distrefies he had suffered in Consequence of the Admiral’s Hopping the Ship Britannia as aforesaid, and mentioning generally the Losses and Damages he had fullered; he expelled that

the.

i.o Geo. III.

the Admiral would take Care that he should have dm1 ifiich an OfTer as we (night think a reasonable Comport- Dalby*', mediate Satisfaction. fation for his Damages: But as the several Articles Petition

loth DccTDalby again vv.rote to Birtles, requesting claimed in his Account, except the-Outward -bound tothpemati that he would give all the Assistance he could, to make Freight which is undoubtedly due to him, are nbt such the Matter no worse than it then was; _ " - ,r' -- ’ — :-

8 Deer 174'4. ' Admiral Mathews's 'Letter to ‘thd Admiralty, in consequence of Dabby's Letter to him, inclosing the Paper relative to the Britannia.

24 January 1744-5. AdmiraJ Mathews's Letter sent by the Hands of Dalbys Attorney, to Mr. Corbet,

I rtn.

tohfequeutial Damages as the Attorney General, or in--.deed ourselves^hink ought to be allowed; and as our Solicitor was doubtful, how far any Offer besides that of

' I

Xhe Freight, on our Parts, might be construed to the Prejudice of the Crown, in case of a Dispute at Law, we did not apprehend it-to be adviseable, or indeed that

Secretary of the Admiralty, wherein he acquainted the we were authorized, to make any Offers of Satisfaction Admiralty Board, that the Bearer thereof had 'been to Mr. Dalby, except the Outward bound Freight; but sent to him concerning the Britannia, which he had have thought it incumbent upon us to lay this State df ..stopt at Mahon with her Loading of Wheat, for the the Affair before their Lordships, humbly submitting Service of the Fleet then under his Command: That ourselves to such further Directions therein, as their he had wrote to then? on that Subject, 8th December then Lordships shall think proper. We are, he. last, and lent them Papers relating to that Matter; but 9th April. Dolby's Memorial to the Admiralty, as no Answer had been given, he then desired -their dating particularly the Damages claimed by him, and . Lordships would be pleased to giye such Directions, as the Grounds -on Which he made such Claims; and par-Fhould be necessary to indemnify him, the said Admiral, ticulariy 1ms Application to the Commissioners, and their for the Steps he took for the good of the Sendee. ‘ refilling to advance him Money to dtfchargp the Bill *. 30th January 1744-5. The Admiralty directed the of £. 200 drawn by Henry to Great and Hall above ttifcn-‘ Commissioners potake the Attorney General’s Opinion tioned, which would have prevented his Distress; and on Dalby'% Cafe. , (lopped the growing Charges of the Ship: And praying

nth Morch. The Opinion, which bears Date the that their Lord {hips would give Directions for Payment . 1 xth February before, was sent by the Commissioners to of such Damages as appear to be naturally c'onfequen-the Admiralty. tial, and unavoidably attended the said Seizure', he.

15 March 1744-5. Order from the Admiralty and, with this Memorial, Dj/^transmited to the Lords Board to the Commissioners, to pay Dalby according to of the Admiralty, a fair and full State of his same; the Attorney General’s Opinion therein mentioned. and of the Damages naturally consequential to the

19 March. Dalby $ Account of unavoidable Losses (lopping his Ship, with the Opinion of Mr and Damages sustained by the Admiral’s (lopping the thereon: That the Admiral was answerable for the Da-Cargo, delivered to the Commissioners at their Request, mages arising from his wrongful Act of seizing and amounting at that Time to £. 5,131 Principal Money. detaining the Ship at Mahon, and was liable to make % April 1745. Report from the Commissioners of Satisfaction for the fame; there being no Fast dated to Victualling to the Admiralty, upon their Order of the jullify such Proceedings.

15th March, touching Dalby's Demands, by way of 23 April 1745. The Commissioners of Victualling, Letter to Thomas Corbet, Esquire. and Dalby, attending the Board of Admiralty by their

SIR, Order, were severallyheard upon Dalbys Memorial of

As the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners the 9th of April: That feme or one of their Lordships of the Admiralty were pleased, by their Order of the mentioned the referring it to Two Merchants of the City 15th past, to direct our paying to Mr. Francis Dalby, of London, to report their Opinion as to the Damage Owner of the Ship Britannia, such consequential Da- between Dalby and the Commissioners; and thereupon tnages to the taking the Corn out of her, by Order of Dalby offered to be determined as to the Quantum of Admiral Mathews, at Mahon* as the Attorney General the Damages, either by their Lordships or any Two in his Opinion (of which a Copy was tr^nfoutted in our Merchants of Reputation; which their Lordships, or Letter of the nth past) conceived should be made feme of them, declared was a fair Offer.

food, and no other; we sent for Mr. Dalby, and desired e would give us an Account of the consequential Damages he had fufta, ined, on Account of the Corn being taken out of the said Ship; in order to settle them with him accordingly: Upon which he laid before us an Account (a Copy of which is herewith inclosed) of what he alledges to be unavoidable Losses and Damages sustained by the Seizure and Detention, as he terms it, of the said Ship, amounting to 5,131, 4. And sets forth, when those Damages were settled, he should be ready to adjust several other Articles mentioned in the said Account.

24 April: Dalby's Letter to the Commissioners

wherein he writes, " As his Grace the Duke of Bedford " recommended me to appoint one Merchant, and " your honourable Board another, to examine into the " most unhappy Affair of my Ship Britannia, I will " request the Favour of a Gentleman to do it, becauser " I think it my indispensiible Duty, to omit nothing " which a fair Man ought or can do; and I desire you " you will please to appoint another which the Commissioners refused.

15 May. Dalby's Letter to Admiral Mathews, acquainting him of the great Pains and Trouble he had

As we could not help being surprised at so extrava- taken for about Twelve Months, without being able to gant a Demand, we forthwith caused a Copy of it to get any Satisfaction; and desired he would enter into be laid before His Majesty’s Attorney General, to be ad- an Examination of the Account, and pay according to vised whether any of the Articles were such as might be Sir Dudley Ryder's Opinion, and the Order of the Ad-deemed. naturally consequential tQtaking out the Corn; miralty Board to the Commissioners of the 15 March, and he having given his Opinion (of which you will which, notwithstanding all Dalby's Solicitations, had

fleafe to receive a Copy inclosed) that neither the been neglected: That by the Behaviour of the Com-lomeward bound Freight, or any of his subsequent missioners he was likely to be deprived of his Ship also: Damages, are such as ought to be allowed, but oh- That he was tired of such fruitless Attendances; and

served at the same Time, that the Matter would lie wholly in the Bread of a Jury; we sent again for Mr. Dalby, and desired him to inform us, whether the Claims mentioned iD his aforesaid Account were what he abfo-

would go no more to the Commissioners;. as the Admiral was the first Cause of the Damages, he Ought directly to order Restitution.

July 31, *745. Commissioners Minute of this Date,

lutely infilled upon; or, if not, that he would lay his final whereby they ordered Birtles to be wrote to, to remit the Demand before us for oqr Consideration: To these Points Freight of the Britannia in his Hands, to the Treasurer he declined making any direct or (atisfaftory Answer, of the Navy; and he was wrote to 16th August. informing us that he expected we should make him 31 Jtdy. At the Request of the Admiral, Dalby Vot. 32. ii D again

928 40 Mail. °.

t)alby*s again attended the Commissioners; when they directed hi to» state his Request in a Letter.

8 August. Dalby s Letter to the Commissioners wherein he mentions, that his same sent them by the Admiral, contained all he requested: But as it had lain for above Two Months unanswered, he desired there might be it further Delay, but that they should immediately confess or deny the Charges in his Account, or (late their Objections, that he might have an Opportunity to reply, if necessary; and to have judgment on the whole Matter.

16 April 1746. It was admitted. That Dalby having received no Satisfaction, in respect of his Demands, brought an Action against Admiral Mathews, to recover Damages sustained by the Seizure of the Ship; and which he laid in his Declaration at £.10,000.

26 Novt 1746. The Cause being at Issue, and Notice of Trial given, Dalby presented a Memorial to the Admiralty, and another to the Commissioners of Victualling; praying them respectively, That Admiral s

Letter to Mr. Corbet of the 24th of January 1744, Mr.

RevelPs Letter of the 8th March 1743,' and an Order given to the Commissioners by the Admiralty on the 15th March 1744, as relating to the taking of the Cargo out of the Britannia, might be produced on the Trial; which was refused; and the Action never was tried.

24 Decx 1745. Minute of the Commissioners, mentioning, that in pursuance of their Letter to Birtles of the

31st July, he remitted to the Treasurer of the Navy, the Money he had received for the Freight of the Britannia-, and that the Board, upon further Consideration, not thinking themselves authorized to meddle therewith, under the then Circumstances of the Cafe, returned the same to Birtles; and desired him to draw upon the Board for the Amount thereof, which he accordingly did.

Easter Term 1752. Dalby filed his Bill in the Court of Exchequer, against the Commissioners, Rujfel Revell, and the Attorney General, for an Account and Satisfaction respecting the Ship Britannia, which was amended in Hilary Term 1753; where to the Commissioners put in three different Antwers; but the Suit being abated by the Death of Revell, nothing further was done.

8 February 1757. Memorial to the Admi-

ralty, containing a State of Facts relative to the Britannia; whereupon an Assurance was given him, that the Commissioners of Victualling should answer the Facts, and Dalby should reply thereto, and Justice be immediately done.

20th May 1757. The Commissioners Report to their Lordships upon the last mentioned Memorial, wherein they argue against the Propriety of submitting the Matters between Dalby and the Commissioners to the Arbitration of Merchants; and proposed, with their Lordship’s Approbation, to have the Affair left to His Majesty’s Attorney General, and such Counsel as Mr. Dalby might chufc, upon his Part, to determine upon a same to be agreed to by both Sides, whether any, and which of his Claims on account of the said Ship, ought to be allow'ed by the Crown; for that it appeared to them premature to enter into any Consideration of the Quantum of his Damages, till it appeared by proper Judges, whether the Crown was liable to any of the Points of Damages claimed.

15 June 1757. Mr. Dalby agreed to such Reference, and on the 22 June delivered to Mr. Baxter, the Commissioners Solicitor, as a State of his Cafe, a Copy of his Memorial to the Admiralty of the 8th February; and acquainted him at the same Time, if he had any Doubts concerning the Facts, he would meet him with a Gentleman of Character any Day to prove them; and desired he would have a Gentleman of like Character present, that some End might be put to the Affair.

30 July. Three Cafes, with Sir Dudley Ryder'% Opinion thereon, bearing Date 11 1744; 25 March

19

1745, and 22 d May 1732, and another Cafe, with the Opinion of Mr. Legge, delivered by the Solicitor for the Board to Dalby % Solicitor.

26th August 1757. Dalby'£ same laid before the Board,

relating to the Ship Britannia.

14 Seplr 1757. Dalby attending the Board relative to

the same Cate, was told the Board would not confront thereto; whereupon he offered to prove to the Board the Facts therein stated; which they did not admit him to do.

16 Seps 1757. Dalby attending the Board on the same Subject, was referred to the Answer they had given him on the 14th.

29 Septr. Dalby's Memorial to the Admiralty, praying

their Lordships to order both Cafes to be laid before them; and to permit him to prove before them, the Facts contained in his Cafe, or to disprove those in the same prepared by the Commissioners.

Dalby produced Copy of the Bill filed by him in the Exchequer, against the Commissioners, in which he charges, among other Things, That, upon receiving Advice of Captain Henry's having drawn a Bill on him, without any Orders from him, and w'ithout his Knowledge or Privity, for £.200, to enable him to purchase a Cargo of Salt, and to pay off fbme Debts the Ship had contracted during her long Stay at Mahon-, he gave Notice thereof in Writing to the Commissioners, on the 3d July 1774.

That from that Time, to Deer 1774; he, by Letters and otherways, continually made the most earnest Solicitations to the Commissioners, for a Report to the Admiralty; or for a Sum of Money upon Account.

That he from time to time assured the Commissioners, that the with-holding all the Money from him, w6uM certainly be his Ruin; and put it entirely out of his Power to regain the Possession of his Ship.

That the Commissioners knew, at the Time of His making such Applications, that, exclusive of the Money due to him for the Britannia, there was a much larger Sum then due to him for the Demurrage and

Lisbon Damages, on account of his Ship Francis, than would have enabled him to pay the said Bill of Exchange in London; which said Demurrage at Spithead, so due to him on account of the Francis, amounting „to £.272. iis. 6 d.was afterwards, to wit, about the 8th of March 1744-5, actually paid to him by the Commissioners.

That the Commissioners in 1744, made some

Order or Minute in their Books, for paying Dalby £.500, or some such Sum, on account, upon his disclaiming any Demand on Birtles, in respect of the Britannia's Freight; and which he accordingly did; yet the Commissioners afterwards refused to pay him the Sum to ordered, or any Sum of Money whatsoever, unless he would accept of the Amount of the Ship’s Freight and Primage to Genoa; and give them a general Release, without any Satisfaction for the consequential Damages he had differed by taking the Corn at Mahon, and the Loss of the Homeward Voyage.

Dalby further produced Office Copies of the Commissioners Answers to his laid Bill; and read several Passages thereout: Whereby the Commissioners admit they had received Dalby's laid Letter of 3d of July, acquainting him of Henry's having drawn the Bill of £.200, believe it to be true that Dalby did, between the 3d July 1744, and December following, by Letters or otherwise, make several Solicitations to the then Commissioners for the Purposes mentioned in the Bill, or some of them.

That the Commissioners, at the Time in the Bill mentioned, did refuse to pay Dalby any Money, unless he would take the Amount of the Ship’s Freight and Primage to Genoa, and give a general Release, without making him any Satisfaction for the consequential Damages, which he pretended he had sustained by the Means mentioned in the Bill.

Ta

to Geo. III. 4

To shew that the several Cafes stated by the Commissioners, For the Opinion of the Attorney Ge1-neral, did not contain a fair and full State of the Facts, and of the Evidence in support of s Allegations, which they were possessed of at the Time erf their dating such Cases; and that therefore the Opinions thereon do not justify their after Conduct in this Matter:

Dolby referred to the several Papers and Pieces of Evidence, delivered by him to the Commissioners on 3d May 1744, and hereinbefore mentioned; and to the Cafes and Opinions themselves; and produced Copies of the said Cafes: And, '

Three Cafes by him stated to Mr. Mr.

Wilbraham, and Mr. Starkie, with their several Opinions thereon, touching the Justice of his Claims on Government in respect of this Ship.

And he read from the same laid before Sir Dudley Ryder, in March 1744-5, this Allegation of the Commissioners; viz.

That they had frequently offered to pay Dalby the 570 Pounds for the Freight, and were inclinable voluntarily to make him some Recompence for what he might suffer at but that he

would not submit to it, -And Dalby read from the Commissioners Report to the Admiralty, on 5th of November 1744, herein before stated, the following Paragraph;

That it did not seem to them that Dalby had any Claim on their Office for the Freight, the same having been paid by the Grown in the Price of the Com, and was retained for s Ule in

Birth's Hands.

To shew that the Ship was not really and

bona fide condemned and fold; and that if any Condemnation and Sale were ever made, it was by Collusion or Fraud as against him: — That her Name was changed to the Sukey, by some of one of the Officers of Government; and that (he was afterwards actually employed as a Tender in His Majesty’s Service, Thirty-two Months and upwards: .

Dalby referred to a Copy of the Original and Tranlla-tion of the Proceedings in the Vice-Admiralty Court at Mahon produced by the Commissioners, and hereunto annexed. t

Read out of the Commissioners Answers to his Bill, in the Exchequer, in 1752, as follows;

That they had heard, and believe if to be true, that before Complainant was able to release his Ship from Mahon, after the Seizure thereof by Green and Hall in September 1744, and put her again into Action, William Henry the Matter died, and that the Ship or Vessel was afterwards condemned at Mahon for Money due, or pretended to be due, for Wages to the Sailors serving on board; and that the said Ship was purchased for a valuable Consideration under the said Condemnation, or otherwise, by James Francis, who was then Clerk or Agent to the said RuJJel Revell, which said Francis was the best Bidder for the fame, as Defendants have heard and believe; and Defendants have also heard, and believe, that the Money arising from such Purchase was paid to, and divided amongst the Sailors, who had served on board the Ship, or some of them, by the proper Officer appointed to fell the Ship under the Condemnation, or some dther Person.

That the Ship has, ever since such Purchaso, been employed as a Tender in His Majesty’s Service, or otherwise, as James Francis or his Principals, or such Person as the said Ship has since belonged to, thought proper; and apprehend they have good Right to employ the said Ship as they think proper; and that they are not obliged to give Complainant any Account of the Earnings or Gainings of the Ship since the said Purchase.

Admit Complainant has frequently, since the Sale of the Ship, applied to the late and present Commissioners \ Yol. 32.

of the Victualling, 6r some of them. For the Payment of the said: Freight, and for a Satisfaction for the several Othei* Particulars in the Bill mentioned; and these Defendants admit, that they, or some of them, have declared, and they do now infill, that neither the said Commissioners of Victualling, the said Admiral Mathews, of the said RuJJel Revell, or any df them, are liable to make Complainant any Satisfaction whatsoever, either for the said Freight to Genoa, or ahy bther Damages which Complainant may have suffered.

And he read Part of the Letter from RuJJel Revell, whose‘-Clerk the said Francis was, to the Commissioners', of the .13 th of September 1744. before stated; w herein Revell mentions to have’ received from thetil a Copy of Dalbfs Memorial to the'Admiralty of the ill of — of Daily's Letter to the Commissioners 3d July, and of Consul Births's Letter1 to the Board of the nth June i 7444 all of them relative to- Dalby'% Claims, in Consequence.of the flopping firs Ship by Admiral Mathews, and oh which he reasons very particularly.

Ddlby produced a Cdpy of the Report of the Commissioners of Victualling, bearing Date 3d December 1766, upont Reference to thefn of a Memorial df Ddlby and Downes to the Lordi of thfe Treasury, 26 September 1766"; in; which the Commissioners of VioUalling, affion^ other Things, say, they:do not - know arft' 'thing of the Ship's, Name being altered, of of her fee frig let sis* a Tender m His Majesty’s Service, except frdm what. Ml.’ Dalby had asserted relating thereto; which Report is signed by Tyringham Stephens, and others*;

Dalby also produced ah Account, which by Direction of the Lords of the Treasury was delivered bf Mff Baxter, the Commiflibhers Solicitor, to Mr. Dalby', of the Employment of the Britannia, or Sukey, as follows; viz. - ‘

On 23d December 1745, Admiral Medley haying taken the Ship Sukey, James Francis Owner, in his Service, as‘ a Tender, Mr. Trefufis, then Commissioner of the Navy’ at Mahon, lent Orders to the Naval Officer there to'

surveyher; whictf being done, Mr. Trefufis agreed for her Hire, at the state of Ten Shillings per Ton, per Lunar Month, for 186 Tons, amounting to Ninety-three Pounds per Month; and the continued in the Service of the Crown as a Tender, and her Hire was paid for after that Rate,‘by Mr. Stephens, then Clerk of the Cheque at Mahon, to Mr, Francis, the Owner, 1745

to 11 January 1748, pursuant to - Mr: Orders;

and from that Time to 6 September 1748, when she was discharged from the Service of the Crown, Mr. Stephens, pursuant to the Orders of Mr. Towry, then Commissioner of the Navy at Mahon, paid her Hire to Mr. JoJepk Miller, a Merchant at Mahon, the then Owner of the Ship.

25th September 1744. Letter from Captain to Dalby-, acquaintinghim he arrived the Week before from Cagliari, with a Loading of Salt; that and Hall had immediately secured the Ship and Cargo, and put ah Officer on board; and that the Admiral had sent Hands on board to carry the Ship up to Town, and took out all the People that Were on board; that Green informed him the Reason of this Proceeding was, that the Bill which he had drawn on Dalby'for Two hundred Pounds* to supply the Ship had been protested: — He writes further, that Green was determined to keep Possession of the Ship till he was satisfied from Home, or Genoa; that Green had wrote to Genoa to flop the Freight, and that though the Consul had answered his Letter, he had not mentioned a Word about it: — He desires Dalby to take what Means ever he could immediately to get the Ship clear; for he must flay, and wait his Answer.

15 October. Letter from Captain Henry to Dalby, in which he writes, that he had received Dalby's Letters of the 8th of May, and 15th June preceding .' — regrets ht had not received the First till that Instant, as he should have known how to have proceeded: — That by the Advice of Green and some other Gentlemen, he had gone to Cagliari, in hopes of hearing from Dalby by the Time

h«

palbyk Petition ... for Compeu&tijA.

93° a? Mail. A. 1770.

Dalby'* he returned'That Green had fold the Salt, being 425 Gabriel, between 27 October 1747

PCfor°" Salms, at Public Vendue, as he thought fit; that he and September 1748 — Burthen 258

CompenLtion. should be obliged tp.wait for an Answer from him or Tons ---- 7,233 1 12

Birtles, which he wished to receive as soon as possible. between 8 1747

29 April 1745. Letter from Captain Henry to Daily, and 10 January x 748 — Burthen 226

wherein he writes, he had Received Dalby's Letter, under 'Puns ---- 7,445 7 o

Cover of Barbaud and Son, with Orders to proceed to ,between 1 5 Attgujl 1748 and

South Carolina — that he was to receive 50 Pounds 10 January following — Burthen 161

from their Correspondent, \yhiich he feared would not be Li-Tons - - - _ - 2,153 4 ’5

sufficient; being obliged to pay the People which had

been taken on Board the Man of War their Wages, All these Payments were made, pursuant to Orders Half in Money and Half so Bills; and that the Ship from the Commissioner^, wherein the Burthen of the was then ready for Sea. Ship, Kate of Ton, Time of Employment, and the Sums

10th June 1745. Letter from Captain Henry to due for the fame, are exp re fled; the Owners or their Dalby, wherein he writes, l\e had.received Dolby's Letter Attornies have given Receipts for the Money paid, and

of the 2d of May; that he was frill lying at Mahon, and the several Payments are alto certified by the Cormnif-like to remain so without his Assistance, having no Pro- doners, except the Sums following; viz. 2,424. 5. for vision on Board to eut, nor Credit to get any — that the Sujey; 3,363. 1. 12. for the Gabriel, and 4,055. 7. for the Ship was frill in Order for Sea, and would endea- the ftfelope; and foe whole Freight of the Apollo; which your to keep her so till he should hear further from not being certified by the Commissioners, are attested him — that the People had been driving all they could either by the Matter, Shipwright, or Storekeeper, and to have the ip fold for their Wages; but that the another Witness.

Judge of vthe Admiralty fourfo that he could not do it, it might have been expected, That the Contrails made and ordere^ friim, if they wpufo not proceed with the for foe Hire of Vessels which earned such considerable Ship, to give them Bills for their Wages: — That the Sums, would have been produced, and some Reasons Mate and Carpenter were well satisfied; and foat if he produced for taking up the after the Conclusion

had Liberty of going were he would, there would be of the War.

hone of that Difrurbance, but some Hundreds of Pounds In regard of the Reasons giyen by Mr. , and

saved in Dalby's Pocket, and something in his own. hereto annexed, let the Whole of all theie Payments be 15th June 1745. Letter from Captain Henry to allowed of.

Dalby, wherein he writes him, that by Order of the The Contracts for the Hire of Tenders were made by Court, h? was obliged to give Bills to the People lor the Commissioner, who kept them in his Office, and their Wages, except those who remained by the Ship; did not give Copies of them to the Accountant, be viz. the Mate, Carpenter, himself, with Benjamin Bryant cause, as he apprehends, there were not any Clauses in and Edward Gtiffin, who had joined in a Power to Robert them which related to the Naval Officers; and in regard

A/ston, to receive their, half Wages, and to let Dalby to the Apollo Tender, taken into the Service after the know: — And there came inclosed in that Letter a Copy Conclusion of the War, the Accountant apprehends, of the Account of Wages due on board the Ship, amount- that the Commander in Chief gave satisfactory Reasons ing to £ 454. 14 s.id. for her being employed at the Tune he wrote to him to The Commissioners of the Navy, or their Agents, at contract for her; and that he was not authorized to de-Dalby's Request, having been served with an Order to mand any other Reafqns than what were contained in the produce before the Committee, all Accounts, Papers, Preamble to the Order for paying the Hire of her. and Writings, which have been at any Time delivered

into the Navy Office, touching the Erqploymeqt of the Stephens.

said Ship Sukey, formerly the Rpitanyia, as a 'Tender, or

gtherwifo in the Service of Government, frncp the 23d And it appeArs, that on the 24th of the fame Decern-of December 1745; and of what Monies have been paid her, Old Style, James Francis, Clerk to Mr. RuJJei Revell, so any Person or Persons, and to whom, on account of Agent Victualler, at let the Ship to Freight to

that Ship; produced a Book of Difourfements of Mr. the Government, under the Name of the Sukey; but Stephens, Naval Officer at Mahoy — In which Book ap- the Contracts between the Commissioner of the Navy peared the following Entries (and no other) relative to at Mahon, and Francis, for the Hire of the Sukey (or the said Ship Sukey or Britannia; viz. having been called for, the Committee was

informed by the proper Officer, that the same had been Freight of Tenders to the Fleet, at the Rate of 10 searched for, also have not yet been found.

per Ton, per Lunar Month. Mr. Dalby produced an Offer or Propofol, made to

The Ship Sukey ,between 24th De- him in 1767 by the Lords of the Treasury, relative to cember 1745 and 4th September 1748 — his Claims on Government, in Consequence of an Ap-

Burthen 186 Tons ... 16,374 5 o plication to them, by Memorial and otherwise; which is

Triton, between 14 March 1745-6 as follows*

and 11 November 1747 — 147 Tons Burthen - - - - 7,980 9

My

- ^.

i o Geo. III.

4* Mail

My Lords are pleased to offer Mr. Dalby, on account of the Ship Britannia,

For Freight u w.

Interest. thereon - . -

Demurrage for Three Months from the Day of Detainer of Ship - -Interest thereon ---- - '*

For Damages by the Gallipoly Voyage being broken and loft

For his Loss by the Condemnation and Sale of the a gross Sum

On account of the Ship Hope, recovered

£ s. d.

to to to 57° 0 0

655 10 0

to la m 45° 0 0

to to sii 10 0

to - 1,720 e 0

- 800 0 0

a gross Sum - 200 0 0

0 0

Dalbv/.

Petition for

By Verdict % . *

Interest thereon *

By Mr. Attorney General *

Interest thereon ‘ - -

‘i

.....- £i>3°7

w "* 584 o 6

... — ---- 1,891 13 8

Of the Ship Francis, as admitted

939 17 4 342 11. 7

— --------1,282 8 11

£. 8,087 . 7

My Lords will recommend the same of the Ship Ann to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

My Lords have no Objection to Mr. D.alby's going back to the Court of Exchequer, with respect to the Costs of the Suits both at Law and in'’Equity relative to the Ship' Hope.- " ' )

Oh the Ship Ann.

Dolby produced,

.28 April 1755, a Protest made by William Moran, the Master of the Ship, before James Gill, a Public Notary, and sworn to by the said William Moran, and by Robert Elwood, Chief Mate, Lawrence Second

Mate, Robert Mulligan, Carpenter, Michael Chrifiiax Cock, and Thomas Silvia, Seamen of and belonging to the said Ship; Hercules Rice, and Thomas Williams, Passengers on board her the same Day; wherein he declares as follows:

That the said Snow being of the Burthen of 180 Tons or thereabouts, properly equipt, and loaded With Sugar, Rum, Wine, and sundry other Merchandize, failed from St. Kitt’s, bound for London on the 14th March, then last part.

That on the 22d Day of April aforesaid, about 8 in the Morning, the Wind being at Sou Hr by West, and in the fair Way proceeding on his Voyage up Channel, and being near a-breast of the Start, Distance or 5 Leagues; One of His Majesty’s Tenders brought the Vessel to, and impressed Three of their belt Seamen, and in lieu of them, the Commander of the Tender put on board the Snow Three very indifferent Men;

— One a Taylor, who had never been on board a Ship above Three Weeks — another a Bricklayer, who had never acted as a Sailor for more than Three Months — and the Third a Husbandman, who had never been on board a Ship as a Sailor more than a Fortnight before that Time, and, as they severally declared to the said Mailer and others above named, wholly unacquainted with the Navigation of a Ship or Vessel.

That he attempted afterwards to proceed on his Voyage, and next Day, being 23d, about 7 in the Evening, being between Pepperell Point, and the Needles, at least Leagues from the Land, with the Wind at South South Kaft; another Tender belonging to His Majesty’s Ship Royal George, and whereof Richard Williams, 6 th Lieutenant of the said Ship, was the Commander, fired a Shot over the said Snow, which dropped within 30 Vol. 32.

or 46.Yards on the Starboard Side, in order to bring the said Vessel to.

That the said Moran being apprehensive of the Indraft of the Island, and the Distress the Snow was then in, consulted with his Officers and Crew what wa§ best to be done' under their unhappy Circumstances, having a just Dread of losing their Ship and Cargoand it was thereupon determined to make fail, to avoid- being brought to; bu,t that Attempt soon appearing fruit-lcis, he, with the Approbation of his Mate and Crew, brought to.

That the said Lieutenant Williams, notwithstanding the distressed Condition of the said Snow as aforesaid. Carried away another, the best Seaman left on, board, and in his Head left one Nicolas Mahon; alluring the said Master, that the said Mahon was a Seaman and a Helmfman; which said Nicolas had the Helm at the Time of the Accident herein after mentioned.

' Yhat after the Snow was detained in Manner aforesaid till near 12 o’Clock, in which Time she unavoidably made a great Leeway, the said Lieutenant left her.

That the said Master being greatly fatigued under the whole of this Transaction, having first given Directicns to his Second Mate, Lawrence Farrell, to fleer a direct East South East Course, laid himself down to get; a little Rest; and, in Two Hours Time, the said Vessel was on Shore, the said Mahon being at the Helm, and struck near Athei-field Rocks, and notwithstanding he, the Master, got out an Anchor, and uled.all other possible Means to get her off, she parted her Cable, a,nd soon went on Shore; and, a prodigious large and folding Ground Sea going at that lnstant, soon broke to Pieces, and was totally loft, together with the greatest Part of the Cargo.

That by Means of the Confusion he: way put into, the Distress the Ship was left in, and other the Premises particularly described; the said Ship, and Part of her Cargo, was totally loft, and not by Means of any Neglect or Default of him, or any of his Ship’s Company.

28 April 1735. A Dcpofnion and Examination of

William Moran, and the several other Persons mentioned in the foregoing Protest, sworn before Barnabas Eveleigh Leigh, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall steal of detain Shipwrecked Goods, lie. whereby it appears, that the said Snow was of the Burthen of 180 Tons; or thereabouts, and was the idle Property of Mr. Dalby, an4 v 11 E failed

93 2 4° Ma1770.

Dalbv’s failed from St. AT/V/'s at the Time, and with such Loading P*for°n on boartl> as *s mentioned in the said Protcft, and was . Comp«nc*ion. loft in Brixton Bay, at the Back of the Isle of Wight} which was absolutely occasioned by the Detention of the Snow, and the imprefiing several of-her Hands ;and that only a small Part of her Cargo wasiaved.

Dally referred to the Evidence given at the Committee on his Petition last Year, by the said Alexander which, as appears on the Journals of the House of last Session, is as follows.

Alexander Clunie of L, Merchant, formerly Commander of a Ship, produced by Mr. Dally, having perused the said Protest; and being asked,

id. What Flood the Ship had at that Time, being Miles in the Offing?

Anfvoered. Till near Eleven o’Clock in the Offing.

a. Was the Wind at S.S. E. a-dead Wind-to bring the Ship aflbore ?

- Anf. Undoubtedly it was.

3. By the Course the Mailer directed the Mate to (leer, do you think the Wind was at South, or to the Westward of South ?

Anf. It mull have been to the Westward of South.

4. Would you not in that same have hauled up to a more southwardly Course ?

Anf. Yes.

5. If you bad been in the Situation described by the Captain, would you have Hood to the Eastward ?

Anf. I think I should have Hood to the Westward, after having lain too, as he did, c Hours, if the Wind had been South; if to the Westward of South, I should have Hood more to the Southward.

б. Do you think if there had been double the Number of Hands on board, it would have been a Means of saving the Ship ?

Anf. The Ship went to Pieces immediately; I apprehend if any Thing was the Lois of the Ship,

it was the Detention — she was Two Hours Sail from the Place where she went on Shore when brought too. — With the Wind at South, if it blew hard, I don’t know whether (he would have cleared the Land: I suppose the Mailer apprehended himself far enough from Shore when he went to lleep.

Said, he knew the Mailer, Moran; that he was e(teemed a very good Seaman, and a Man of a fair Character.

That the Value of the Ship and Freight, and the Goods on board, belonging to , was, in Ills Judgment, about £. 1,753.

On the Ship Francis.

To shew the different Methods of hiring Ships by the Government, and the actual Hiring of the Ship Francis, whereof Captain Diddear was Mailer:

I December 1743. Dalby produced the original Charter Party between the Commissioners of Victualling and him, for the Ship Francis, for such Voyage, and on such Terms as are dated in the Petition: And,

A Charter Party made between the Commissioners of the Navy, and the Owners of a Ship called the Upton, hired as a Monthly Transport, according to the Second Method of hiring metnioned in the Petition.

To prove the intended Voyage to Madeira, Carolina, and Lisbon, with a Cargo of Rice, upon Dall/s Account — he produced, and read,

14 January 1743-4. A Certificate from the Custom House in London, of Bond being given for Payment of the Duty of the Rice, as usual in such Cases.

17 January 1743-4. Daily's Letter of Instructions to Captain Diddear, directing his Proceedings in the said Voyage.

31 January 1743-4. Daily's Letter to , his

Correspondent at South Carolina, directing him to provide the Cargo of Rice.

Dally referred to the Evidence given at the Commit-16

tee on his Petition last Year by Nicolas Ferntor, which as appears on the Journals of the House of last Session, is as follows:

Dalby produced Nicolas Ferritor, a Witness, who proved, that no Convoy failed from Port Mahon after the Francis was discharged, till the 9th of February 1744‘S*

To prove the Deviation- from the Voyage ftipa-lafced with the Commissioners, the breaking the Charter Party, and the Employment -of the Ship afterwards, in the Manner of a Monthly Transport:

Dalby produced and read,

31 March 1744. Sir Charles Hardy's Orders to Cap-lain Murray to cany the Francis to Lisbon.

20. May. Protest made by Captain Diddear ypoo his Arrival at Lisbon, of the Proceedings on the Voyage from Spit head-thi t her.

15 Seps. 1744. Protest made by Diddear at Gibraltar, of the Proceedings in the Voyage from Lisbon, to his Arrival there.

And as to the subsequent Proceedings of tk Ship, as flated in the Petition, the Time of her Difebarge from the Public Sendee at Mahon, her proceeding from thence to Madeira, and taking on board a Cargo of Wine, v/’z.

40 Pipes on Daily's Account, and her being taken by the Enemy on her Voyage to Carolina in 1745;

Dalby read Part of an Answer put in by the Commissioners of Victualling to a Bill filed by Captain Diddear, in the Court of Exchequer in 1745 again and

to which the Commissioners were made Parties; and read also several Parts of the Deposition of Richard Rnrtlcy, examined as a Witness in the said Cause.

28 Janry 1744-5. A Letter from Dally to the Commissioners, inclosing the Certificate of the Ship’s Discharge at Mahon, 21 NovT. 1745; and mentioning his Demand on account of the Breach of the Charter Party, and Deviation from the stipulated Voyage, and Mifemployment of his Ship; and defining SatisfaClitm.

4 March 1744-5. A Letter wrote by Dolby to the Commissioners, proposing to have the Matter settled in an amicable and reasonable Way.

10 July 1745. Dolby's Letter to the Commissioners, requeuing£.300 on account of this Ship; which was refilled.

The Commissioners of Victuallirg having produced several Pieces of Evidence, to shew on what Terms they had settled with several Owners of other Ships, employed in carrying Provisions for the Fleet in the under similar Chaffer Parties with that for the,

in order to establish that Settlement as a Rule in this Cafe;

‘ Dalby, in order to shew a material Difference between his same and that of the Frederick, and others, which were mentioned.

Produced the following Evidence,

11 May 1745. Certificate from the Custom House

in London, of the Entry of the Ship Frederick, whereby v it appeared, (he had on board a full Loading of To* bacco from Virginia; viz. 553 Hogsheads, besides other Goods.

Several Bills of Lading, signed by William honey, the Mailer of the Ship Frederick, for Tobaccos; the Freight of which was f. 16 per Ton of Hogsheads, which, fur 553 Hogsheads, amounts to £.2,200 and upr wards.

To prove the Value of the Ship Francis, at the Time (lie failed from London;

Dalby referred to the Evidence given at the Committee, on his Petition last Year, by the said Alexander Clunie, which, as appears on the Journals of the House of last Session; is as follows;

Alexander Clunie, a Merchant, formerly a Commander of a Ship, acquainted with the Out-fit of Ships between London and Carolina, and with Shipping, above 30 Years; having inspected an original Account of the First Cost at Boston of the Ship , proved by Mr.

Alderman

io Geo. III. 4° Mali. 933

Alderman Trecothick, a Member of the Committee, upon tiff, the Counsel for the Qrown would not admit him to baity's

a Calculation made, declared the Ship fitted as (he was, be examined, saying, it was a Matter of Law — That must, at the Time of her failing, be worth about 11 or One of the Jury observed thereupon to the Court, that Comp^nf«tiof>. £.12 per Ton. such Cases were frequently tried at , and Wit-

And being further examined, declared, That to be let nesses allowed to be called — That they do not remem-by the Month to the Government, and to be insured by ber particularly for what the Action was brought, nor them, she was worth about £. 140 per Month. what the Witness so refuted was called to prove, ex-

To shew by Analogy, from a Determination in a fi- cepting that the Action was about the Hire of a Ship, milar Cafe, That the Charter Party for the Francis was and they believe the Evidence was called to prove the broke by Law; Dalby produced the Record of the Voyage and Damage — That no Witness was examined Court of King’s Bench in the Cause between Black and upon the Trial, the Court having joined in Opinion with the Commissioners of Victualling, and the Postea indorsed the Counsel for the Crown; that thereupon the Attorney thereon; and several Rules of the Court of King’s Bench General prepared an Account in Writing of the Damages in that Cause; whereby it appeared, which he admitted to be due: The Jury, by Direction

That the Jury on the Trial of that Cause found Two of the Court, gave k Verdict to be recorded, according to Facts, to wit, That Government were to find the Convoy, the Admission of the Attorney General, and that there was no Necessity for the Ship’s going into Being asked on the Part of the Commissioners, whether Ujbon: And they assessed the Damages for taking the any Objection was made by Daily's Counsel at the Trial Ship in there, at One Penny. to the Sum ? answered, They believed there was an Ob-

That the Verdict found was subject to the Opinion of jection. the Court, as to the Matters in Law arising upon the Trial An Application was made to the Court for a new Trial; of this Cause, whether a new Trial should be granted or which was refofed, because no more could be recovered not; and in Easter Term 1747, the Court on solemn under the Charter Party.

Argument established the Verdict of the Jury, and refused . Mr. at the Time the Record of the Trial, re -

a new Trial. lative to the Ship Hope, was first offered to be produced

Dally produced a Report of the Commissioners of in Evidence before the Committee, objected, that it was Victualling to the Lords of the Admiralty, bearing Date not admissible, as being no way relative to the Matter 27 April 1764, upon a Reference to them of a Petition of his Petition; but the Victualling Commissioners in-presented by Dally and Downes to His Majesty, praying fifted on it.

to be relieved, in respect of fbme Hardships, whereby And your Committee finding it necessary to order thfe they alleged Dalby and his Family had been injured; Commissioners for Victualling his Majesty’s Navy, to Upon which, the Commissioners were directed to re-con- attend with such Papers relating to the Matter of the fider what had before passed between their Lordships laid Petition, as were in their Custody: It appear* from and the Commissioners on that Subject; and to lay before the Papers by them produced, them a full State of the Cafe, with their Opinion thereon:

Whereby it appears, That the Commissioners in that As to the Ship

Report omitted to slate the Penny Breach above-mentioned \jn the Trial of Black and the Commissioners; and First, With regard to the original Destination of the the Two several Facts found by the Jury as above men- Ship, and the Correspondence between Dally, and , tioned: And, his Agent, relative to the Plan afterwards purposed by

That in their said Report, in dating the Charter Dally for loading the Ship back, partly with Oil to be Party for the Ship Hope, they omitted to state that the bought for him by , and partly on Freight to bfc Ship was to proceed on the Voyage, kVind and Weather procured by Birtles; That, permitting; that the Owner was bound in a large Penalty 19th OHr. 1745. By a Charter Party between Francis for the true Performance of the Charter Party; And for Dalby, Owner of the of thfe Burthen of Two

what was to be paid, done, and performed, on his Majesty's hundred Tons, then in the River Thames, whereof Wil-Part, the Commissioners had set the Seal of Office. Ham Henry was Master, of the One Part; and Jo-

The Commissioners of Victualling, as a Justificatiort nathdn , of London, Merchant, of the other Part; of their Conduct, in refilling to pay Dalby any more Dalby let the Ship to Freight to Collyer, and covenanted.

Money on account of the said Ship Francis, than the That she should depart out of the River, and fail di-Freight stipulated by the Charter Party, and Demurrage rectly to Cowes, and there receive such Wheat as Collyer at the same Rate as had been allowed by them to the should put on Board; that she should mount 14 Guns, other Ships, which had been hired for the same Service; and carry 20 Men, and proceed with the First Convoy; having produced the Record in the Court of Exchequer, or, at the Choice of the Merchant, be manned with 25 in a Cause between Harley and the Commissioners of Men, and proceed without Convoy to Genoa directly, Victualling, touching the Ship Hope-, whereby it appear- and there he 30 Days to unload, and so to end her Voy-ed, That the Jury in that Trial had found a Verdict for age (the Perils and Dangers of the Seas, Enemies* and the Plaintiff, and assessed the Damages at £. 1,307. 13J. the Restraints of Princes and Rulers excepted) and Q.\d.: And having, for the same Purpose, proved by the Collyer covenanted fully to load the Ship with Wheat at Evidence of Robert Baxter, the Commissioners Solicitor, Cowes, and-discharge her at Genoa, within the 30 Days, that they had on the 17th Janry 1756, tendered to Dalby or Days of Demurrage after mentioned, and pay to Dally the Sum of £.939. 17;. 4 %d.as a full Satisfaction, for the Freight, if she proceeded with Convoy and 20 with what they had before paid him, for all his Damages Men, at 45 s. per Ton; if without Convoy, and with on account of the Ship Francis; and had shewn to him 25 Men, at 47 s. 6 d. per Ton, for every Ton of Wheat at the feme Time, by a Computation thereof in Writ- loaden at Cowes, and delivered at Genoa; the same to ing, that the feme was made up agreeable to the Verdict be paid upon the said Ship’s Delivery atj Genoa, with in the Court of King’s Bench, in the Cause of Black and Two Thirds of Port Charges and Pilotage, and Primage Bifs, and the Verdict in the Court of Exchequer above- and Average accustomed, with a Proviso that Collyer mentioned; might keep the Ship on Demurrage at either of the

Dalby referred to the Evidence herein before stated, places aforesaid for ro Days, over and above the Days touching the said Trial in the King’s Bench, and as to above limited, paying Dalby Three Pounds Sterling per the Verdict in the Exchequer, in the Cause of the Hope. Day; and for the Performance, the Owner bound the He produced Two of the Jurors on that Trial, to wit. Ship, and the Merchant the Goods: Upon which Char-John Irish and Charles .1 Coster, who, being severally exa- ter Party, a Memorandum was indorsed, subscribed by mined, declared to the following Effect; That upon the Collyer and Dalby, whereby it was agreed, that Collyer Cause being opened, axd a Witness called for the Plain- should be at Liberty to keep the Ship at the Height of Voi,. 32. Genoa

934

40 MdiL A. 17 7 o.

Dolby’s Genoa 48 Hours, for Orders from s Fa. it or, whe-

Petition ther to unload there, or proceed to Naples to unload; for

Comptnfitiyii. which Collyer was to pay Freight, if unloaded at , 47 s. 6 cl. per Ton, if at , 52 s. 6 cl. per Ton.

8 Decern'. 1743. William , the Master of the Ship, signed a Bill of loading of 1,065 Quarters of Wheat packed in Bags, loaded on board the Britannia by Jonathan Collyer, at to be delivered at Genoa or Naples, the Dangers of the Seas only excepted, to the Order of Collyer, paying Freight as per Charter Party, with Primage and Average accustomed; which Bill of Loading was indorsed by ,directing the Cargo to

be delivered to Mcllrs. Andree at Genoa, or their Afe ligns.

5th January 1743. By a written Agreement between Dalby and Henry, the Master of the Ship, wherein the Britannia is described to be then bound on a Voyage from Cowes to Genoa or Naples, and from thence either to load at Galii poly, or any other Port in the Mediterranean for London or Boston in New England, as Dalby should appoint — Dalby covenants to pay him Six Pounds per Month Wages, without the Allowance of Primage, or any thing else whatsoever.

27th Jaw* 1743. The Ship (ailed from Cowes.

30th Novr 1743. Dalby writes to Yeomans of New England, that the B>itannia was loading with Wheat for Genoa, and that his Thoughts then were, that (lie should go to New England with Salt.

8 December 1743. Dalby directs Henry, when he arrives at Genoa, to follow such Directions as John Birtles, Ef'quire, Consul there, should give him.

15 December 1743. Dalby, by Letter to Birtles, informs him that the Britannia then lay at Spithead, bound for Genoa, and that (he came to his Address — That his original Intention was for her to load Salt for Boston, but that he had an Inclination to change her Voyage, and desired Mr. Birtles’ Assistance: That Dalby would lay out £. 1000 at Genoa, or at such other Place

as Birtles should ad vile, if he could procure Freight for the Remainder for London: He informs Birtles of the Terms of Agreement with Collyer; and directs Birtles to see the Corn not parted with till he has Satisfaction for the Freight.

22d December 1743. Dalby desires Birtles not to enter into any certain Engagement about Oil till next Post; but desires Birtles to advile him what he thinks can be done. -

5 January 1743-4. s Letter to Birtles informs

him of the Terms of the Agreement with Collyer, and what he was to receive for him at Genoa, for Freight, Port Charges, £sV. in case the Ship arrived (afe there; and that he had given the Captain Orders to govern himself as Birtles should direct; and therefore desired him, if he should go on to Naples, to order the Captain where to place the Freight at s Disposal, as he,

Dalby, was resolved to load Oil back.

5 Febry 1744. Birtles answers to Dalby'% foregoing Letters, that as to Gallipoly Oils, if (he should go there to load, it would make it too late in the Year for the Newfoundland Trip; that if Dalby would give him Leave to invest on Dalby % Account 1,000 or 1,200 in Oils to be bought at Genoa, he would endeavour to fill her up with other Goods on Freight; provided (he carried 40 Men, was about 200 Tons Burthen, and carried about 16 Guns, to be an Act Ship.

19th Janry 1744. Dalby'% Letter to Birtles — fays, That agreeable to his former Letter he was resolved to load Oil in the Britannia, if it was possible, and desired Birtles to let out Two Thirds of the Ship, on the best 'l'erms he could above 50 per Ton, and purchase for him One Third of the Cargo of Oil: That he would chute to have no more Oil than One Third of the Cargo; yet, rather thanobftiuft the Ship, he would take Half, as he desired to have her return in Time for Newfoundland.

19th Febry 1744. Birtles, in Answer to the last Letter,

(ays, he found that Dalby was fixed in his Sentiments to have the Ship return to him; to facilitate Which, had made Note to purchase One Third, or even One Half of her Cargo of Oil for s Account, wirh-

Ivhfch Foundation he did not doubt to get her a Rill Ship at £.4 per Ton: That if he could purchase tlipf Quantity of Oil at Genoa he would; as her going to Gallipoly, and coming back to Genoa to fill up with Goods on Freight, With the lofig Quarantine, would frustrate Dalby's Design of fending her to 'Newfoundland, as it would be too late; that the'Ship must be an Act Ship, and carry* at lead, 4a Men, else it would answer no End to put her up as a general Shi]).

26 Janry 1743. Dalby's Letter to Birtles clef res him to serve him in the Britannia, for that fire muff not go. to Boston, as Salt was fallen; and desired him, as he chole only to be One Third concerned in Oil, that he would freight the rest; and difedts him that if, on Dalby'$ buying Half the Cargo, it was impracticable to procure Freight for London or Holland, he defifdd to let

the Ship at any thing above1130 per Month, to (pend Three Months, which would make it Time to load Salt iox-Newfoundland. »" !-7 j

12d Febry 1744. Birtles, in Answer to the last I etter, (ays, he fees the Confirmation which. gave of the Order to purchase One Fourth, or One Third, of Gallipoly Oil, which he would endeavour to do when ihd should arrive; and doubted not of getting her a full Ship for London, having secured 60 or 70 Tons of Papers That the Oils must be purchased at Genoa; for if (lie should go to Gallipoly, she must- perform 40 Days Quarantine at her Return; and the Loss of Time would make it too late for Newfoundland.

9th Febry 1743-4. Dalby's Letter to Birtles, withes he might be able to get a good Freight home without his purchasing, if not, with the Assistance of s

Money in Birtles' Part of the World; and if the Oil should cost more than Birtles had of Dolby's, which he did not chuse then to provide for the Ship without, and the Bill for the Balance should find, due Honour; ami desires him to receive from the Andrees, for Two Thirds Pilotage and Port Charges in 13. 11 r. 4 d.

and place it, with the Freight, to s Credit.

16 Febry 1743-4. Dalby writes to Birtfs, that he-notes his advising of loading the with 40 Men

and 16 Guns; confefieshe is willing to invest i,oco cr £. 1,200 in Oil, or if Birtles thinks it most adv.ifa-

ble, about £. 150 in Marble Blocks, 1,600 in Oil, and a few other Trifles, to about 50; but as to 40 Men, there was no such Thing to be done: Says, he knows that, to bean Act Ship, (he must have 32 Men and 16 Guns, which (he had not; but, as to her Burthen there could be no Exception: Therefore, desires Birtles to do the best he could for his Interest: Says, he had some Fear on importing Genoa Oil, as it is not of so good Sale as Gallipoly, and generally a losing Article without being exceeding well bought, and of a good Quality; both which he depended upon Birtles for, and leaves it entirely so.r his Direction, either to dispatch her for Gallipoly, Genoa, or let her; but requested, if he chcfe the latter, to make Henry reduce his Hands to Thirteen.

ift March ] 744. Dalby writes to Birtles, and acknowledges the Receipt of his Letter, of the 19th cf February, and hopes the Britannia has been at 6

or 8 Days: Is glad that -Birtles was like to-procure Half the Cargo for the Britannia on Freight: Says, he is informed, that Gallipoly Oil was fallen to 21 Ducats Salm, but finds by Birtles' Letter the Price was higher; and, therefore only requests Birtles to get if on the belt Terms possible: And fays, that in his next, he will write Birtles fully about the Newfoundland Scheme: Says, that if Henry is not gone to Gallipoly before the Time this

Letter should arrive, he would have the Velvet and Piece of Silk which he had ordered for his own Use.

Same Date. Dalby writes to at the Foot of

the Letter to Birtles-, he fays. That his Correspon-

dent,

io Geo. III.

4° Mali.

935

dent, Birtles, will inform Henry how he was to act at and Richard , Esquire, et al. Commissioners for Dalby’i

Gallipoly; and, if the Ship by contrary Winds should the Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, and the Attorney put in any where in the Channel, he directs Henry to per- General, are Defendants, and published by Consent ooapwihiioB form his Quarantine at once. of the Parties, That he agreed with the Complain-

27 March 1744. Dalby writes to Henry that a French ant to fail on board the said Ship, as a Sailor, from War was declared; and therefore, he must raise the the Port of London to West in the Isle of

Freight: And that he had left the Care of giving the and from West Cowes to , and from Genoa to Sailing Orders to Birtles; which Henry was to follow. Cagliari, and from to Boston in New England;

11 April 1744. Birtles writes to Dalby, and acknow- That, after the Ship was loaded at , Ihe lay Three leges the Receipt of His Letters of the 9th and 16th Months on the Mother Bank, waiting for Convoys That February, and ill March; and lays, that by an Express, (he failed from Gibraltar to Mahon, under Convoy of the which he received Two Days before from Malm, he Newcastle Man of War; that, the Wind being Easter-had received Advice, that Captain Henry was put in ly, llie came to an Anchor in Mahon Road; and after-there to Hop a Leak, and refit the Damage he had wards, in attempting to get into the Harbour, the Winds received in a Storm: That Messrs. Green and Hall drove her alhore on the Rocks, near St. Philip's Fort,

advised him, that, probably, Admiral Matthews would which broke her Rudder, and tore all the Irons from off unload the Cargo for the Use of the Fleet: That Cap- her Stem-Poll; and the Anchors not bringing her up, tain Henry did not then appear; when he should, he llie was drove abroadfide upon the Rocks, which would use his utmost Endeavours to get him a full knocked her false Keel off, and bulged her under the Ship for London; but he must absolutely carry, at least, Larboard Gangway; and did her so much Damage, that 40 Men and 16 Guns, otherwise it would be-impossible Ihe leaked at several Places, and took in so much Water to get him any Goods. As to the Oil, if he can pick up that they could hardly keep her up; and had not the any Parcels of Gallipoly, he would; in Default, he would Captain of the Newcastle sent his Men to assist, with a procure for Dalby's Account a Parcel of Riviera Oil: Stream Anchor and Nine Inch Hawser, Ihe would have Says, he should be glad, that Dalby in Anl'wer would been loft on the Rocks; and she received such Damage give a positive Order about fitting the Ship; for, if Ihe that her Cargo was obliged to be taken out; for that should lose that Employ, Ihe might lie Six Months by she was not in a Condition to proceed upon her Voyage, the Walls, unlefo Ihe should go to load Salt, for that till she had been hove down, careened, and refitted: no Freight offered. That, as the buying of Oils must be That, in about Three or Four Days after the Ship was done with ready Money, he should esteem Dalbys re- got from off the Rocks, Ihe was put into a Cove, by mitting him about 2,000 or 2,500 Dollars; and he cal- the Direction of Captain called the English Cove, culates that the Purchase of the Oils, &c. would cost and there Ihe lay about Three or Four Days, and then about £. 200 or £.300 more than what he should have Ihe was carried alongside of the Victualling Office, at in his Hands, if Dalby should make him those Remit- Mahon-, and, in about a Week afterwards, she was unload-tances: Says, that as yet, no further Progress was made ed at the Wharf, there; and after Ihe was unloaded and in the Sale of the Corn by lurrell:Informs Dalby, that unrigged, she was hove down at the Pitts, in order to firice writing the foregoing, Signior Antonio Podefta, a be repaired and refitted for Sea again, which was done Native of Genoa, had sequestered Dolby's Efiefts in in about Three Weeks after Ihe was hove down: That Birtles' Hands, by virtue of a Procuration he had re- Admiral Matthews was in Mahon Harbour, with a Fleet ccivedi from Mr. Charles Dalby of London, for £. 115. of Ships of War, at the Time the Britannia came into 13 s.4 d.and desires him to settle the Affair in London; the Harbour; That he heard Captain Henry lay. That otherwise Birtles should be obliged to pay the Money at the Corn was taken out of the Britannia, for the Use of Genoa: And desires Dalby to procure him an Order to the Fleet; and the Witness believes it was taken out take off the Sequester. with the Consent and Approbation of Captain,

Secondly, With respect to the Accident which hap- because the Witness heard him express his great Satis-pened to the Ship on her going into Mahon Harbour, and faction thereat, and said, it was laving a great Peal of the Circumstances relative to the Delivery of the Com Money in Warehouse Room; and the Sailors belonging for the Use of the Fleet, and the Admiral’s Orders for to the Britannia, were employed by Captain Henry to that Purpose, and for the Payment for the lame, and the get the Wheat out of the Snip; and the Witness believes, several Transoftions at Mahon, before the Ship foiled for that Captain Henry thought, that his consenting to the Cagliari to load Salt; Admiral’s taking the Corn would be of Advantage tp

That, the Owner thereof, or else he would not have consented

12th March 1744. N. S. The Captain, by his Pro- to its being taken away; and that die taking out the tell of this Date, made at Mahon upon Oath, and by Com at Mahon by the Admiral was of no Prejudice, the Affidavit of Daniel Waine, Mate of the Ship, and Difodvantage, or Delay, to the destined Voyage of the Ben. Cranftone, Carpenter of the Ship; it appears Ship; for, if the Wheat had not been taken out by

that the Ship failed from Cowes, upon the 27th of Admiral Matthews at Mahon, it must have been taken January, O. S. in the same Year, and arrived at Gibral- out there; because the Ship was not fit for the Sea, after tar on the 14th of February, and set Sail from thence on Ihe had received the aforesaid Damage; and Ihe would the some Day, in Company with the Newcastle Man of have foundered if the Cargo had not been taken out of War, for Minorca, in order to proceed from thence to her; and Ihe could not be refitted till the whole Cargo Genoa, with the same Convoy; aid arived off Port was taken out; lb that, if the Wheat had not been taken Mahon on the 6th of March, N. S. and came to an by the Admiral, it must have been taken out, and put Anchor with the Convoy, without the Mouth of the into some Waehouse there, till the Ship was refitted; Harbour, the Wind being contrary, lb that they could and that all the Com which lay on the Ground Tier, when not get in; that the Wind changing on the 8th, Ihe the Ship was unloaded, was very wet, and had received endeavoured to get in; and being at the Entrance of the a great Deal of Damage by the Salt Water; and he Port, a Squall of Wind a-head drove the Slip upon the believes there were almost 100 Bags of Wheat on the Rocks at the Mouth of the Port, where Ihe continued Ground Tier, which had received such Damage; and for Four Hours, broke her Rudder, and made much he believes the rest of the Wheat had received some Water, and got in on the nth of March, N. S.; and Damage by the Salt Water: That he does not know that he suspected that his Cargo was wetted by the great that the Ship was intended to fail for Gallipoly; but if Quantities of Water the Ship received. there was such an Intention, be was a Stranger thereto;

It appears by the Deposition of William Grace, a Ma- that he apprehended Ihe was to discharge the Wheat riner on board the Britannia, taken in the Court of Ex- at Genoa, and to have failed to Cagliari, to load with Salt chequer, in the Year 1754, pursuant to an Order of for Boston in New England, where the Witness was to the laid Court for examining him de bene else, in a Cause have been discharged, according to his Contraft: That the wherein the said Francis Dalby is the Complainant, Ship Britannia remained in Port Mahon Harbour about Vot. 32. 1 Five

Dalbv’s

Petition for

Comptafation.

93*5

Mali.

A. 1770.

Five Weeks after (he was unloaded, before (lie was hove down and refitted; and (he remained in the Harbour about Three Weeks after (he was careened, before (lie failed from Mahon; and the Reason (he lay so long was, as the Witness believes, because the Captain wanted Money to proceed*upon his Voyage, and could not get any from Mr. Green (boner; that, after the Ship was refitted, the Captain might have failed from Mahon to Genoa, with as much Advantage to the Persons concerned, both in Ship and Cargo, as (he would have done if the Car£o had not been taken out at Mahon: That the Witness did hear Captain Henry (ay, after the Ship was ready, and fit to go to CThat he might have had as much Money of Mr. Revell as the Ship’s Cargo was worth, if he had applied to him at first; but, instead of his applying to Mr. Revell for Money, he had applied to Mr. Green for Money; that, in about Three Weeks after the Ship was repaired, the Ship proceeded from Mahon to Cagliari, to take in a Cargo of Salt for Boston; and the Ship lay at Cagliari about Three Months, before (he got in all her Cargo, and in about a Week afterwards the Ship returned to Mahon; he cannot lay why, unless it was to look for Convoy; and upon the Ship’s returning to Mahon Harbour, (he and her Cargo were there seized by Mr. for the Debt that

was owing to him: The Witness soon after quitted the Ship; that there is now due to the Deponent, his Wages, which are unpaid; That soon after, the Ship was brought up, and lay alongside the Victualling Office, Captain Henry proposed to fend one of the Bags of Wheat to Genoa, to know what it would fetch there, because he was to have the same Price from Mr. Revell for all the Cargo of Wheat, as the same would, at that Time, fell for at Genoa.

About 8 or 9 Days after the Ship arrived at Mahon, viz.

9th March 1743-4, O. S. Admiral Matthews issued a Warrant, directed to Captain Henry, in the Words following; viz-

You are hereby impowered, authorized, and directed, forthwith to deliver, for the Use of His Majesty, to Mr. Rujfel Revell, Agent for Victualling his Majesty’s Ships in this Port, the Cargo of Wheat

you now have on board the Ship Britannia, under your Command; first taking the Steps you shall think necessary and customary in like Cafes: And you are to keep an Account of the Delivery of the said Cargo, as well for your own Discharge, as for the Security an d Satisfaction of your Freighters, and the Proprietors of the said Wheat; for which the Proprietors shall be paid, by the said Russel Revell, on behalf of His Majesty, at the Rate the said Wheat would have been sold at the Market it was consigned to, at tire Time it may reasonably be computed that the said Ship would have arrived there, had not the said Cargo been stopt here for his Majesty’s Service: You are likewise, jointly with the said Mr. Revell, to chuse one of the Bags of the said Wheat, which is to be sealed by him and you, in order to be lent to the Person the Cargo is consigned to, as a Sample Whereon the Price is to be determined, and authentically certified: For all which, this shall be to you a sufficient Warrant. Dated on board the in Mahon

Harbour, 9th March 1743.

To Mr. William Henry,1

Commander of the Ship > Thomas Matthews.

Britannia. ]

14th March 1743-4, O. S. Admiral Matthevis sent another Warrant, directed to Mr. Revell, Agent for the Victualling at Mahon, in the Words following,

viz.

By Thomas Matthezvs, Esquire, Rear-Admiral He.

Whereas, by my Warrant of 9th Instant, I have ordered :Mr. William Henry, Commander of the Ship called Britannia, to deliver to you, for the Use of his Majesty,

the Cargo of English Wheat he has now on board his said Ship: You are hereby directed to receive the same 16

from Time to Time, keeping an exact Account of the Number of Bags delivered you, as well of the Number of Quarters, as of the Mahon Measure they shall produce; and you are to cause the said Wheat to be ground into Flour, and made into ltulk, with all Expedition possible, for the Use of His Majesty’s Fleet under my Command, to prevent our being distressed in case the Supply of Provisions, ordered from England, should be delayed by the Uncertainty of the Season, or otherwise.

You are hereby directed, jointly with the said Master, to chuse a Bag of the said Wheat, which is to be sealed by him and you, and sent to John Birtles, Esquire, his Majesty’s Consul at Genoa, to whom the said Cargo is consigned; that the said sealed Bag may serve as a Sample, in order to determine the Price the said Wheat bore at Genoa, at the Time the said Ship might be reasonably supposed to have arrived there, had (he not been detained here on the Government’s Account. So soon as you have received all the Cargo of Wheat, and compared and agreed your Account thereof with the said Master, specifying'whatever Quantity shall be found damaged, you are to correspond with the said Consul Births, thereby advising him of my Orders, and the Steps you take in this Affair: And that the Crown may not be put tt» an additional Expence by any Demand the Proprietors of the said Wheat might make, in case it was not immediately paid for; as also to prevent the Risk that attends remitting the Amount thereof in Specie; you are, by the First Opportunity that offers after you have received the said Cargo, to remit the Amount thereof, as near as you can calculate, to the said Consul Birtles, for the Use of the Proprietors, in your Bills of Exchange on the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy; advising them of my Orders to you for this and your other Transactions herein.

You are at the same Time to desire the said Consul Birtles, to fend you, as soon as possible, authentic Certificates of the Prices that Wheat of the same Quality of the Sample sent him, sealed up, would have fold for at Genoa, for ready Money, at the Time the said Ship could reasonably be judged to have arrived there as aforesaid; and upon Receipt of such Certificates, and his Account of the Cargo, you are to determine the Cod thereof, and charge the lame, in your public Accounts, for the Victualling Service: For all which, this shall be to you a sufficient Warrant. Dated on board the Nam are, in Mahon Harbour, the 14th March 1743-4.

To Mr. Rujfel Revell, Agent for ?

the Victualfing at Mahon, j

By Command of the Admiral,

Thomas Matthews.

Jn°Scott.

5th April >744. By Mr. Revell's Letter to the Commissioners, it appears, that he had on that Day, by the Newcastle Man of War, forwarded the Sample Bag of Wheat, and the Bill for 8000 Dollars, to Birtles.

5th April 1744. By the original Draft for 8000 Dol-

lars, drawn by Rujfel Revell, upon the Commissioners of the Victualling, payable to for Value received

in Wheat by the Ship Britannia, by Order of Admiral Matthews, dated the 14th of March, it appears, that the Draft was indorsed by Birtles on the 27th of May to pay the Contents to Messrs. Andree and Company, understood as Proprietors of the Cargo of Corn; and that the same was by them sent over into , and there

paid by the Victualling Board.

20 June 1744. By an Account of this Date, intituled, An Account of English Wheat, received from on board the Britannia, William Henry, Master, for Service of Victualling. His Majesty’s Ships at the Port of Mahon, by Order of Admiral Matthews, it appears, that the whole Account of the Value of the Wheat, according to the Price at Genoa, is made up between Russel Revell and John Birtles, gave to Russel Revell a Receipt for the Balance at the Foot of the Account.

8th Mqrch 1743-4, O. S. Mr. Revell advised the

.Commissioners, by Letter, of the Order he had received

' from

jo Geo. III. 4 e Maii.037

from Admiral Matthews, laying, that the Admiral had ordered him to receive a Cargo of Wheat shipped at Cowes on the Britanniaand consigned to Mr. B'trtles ,which the Admiral stopt there for his Majesty’s Service, and directed him to pay for it, at the Price it would have fold for at , at the Time the Ship might be reasonably supposed to have arrived there.

13th Sep? 1)44, Mr. R writes to the Board as follows, viz. First, To acquaint your Honours, that had not the Britannia's Cargo of Wheat been taken for the Use of the Government here, it must have been landed at this Port, the Ship having sprung a Leak, which could not be flopped but by careening: and the Mailer had got his Ship close alhore in a CoVe to that End, before he was ordered to deliver his Cargo to me j therefore the Wheat’s being taken here proved a great Advantage to the concerned both in Ship and Cargo, by saving a considerable Expence in landing and reship-ping the Cargo, Warehouse-Room, Guard, hie. The Warrant given by Admiral Matthews to the Mailer of the Britannia, to deliver his Cargo to me, was dated 9th March 1743-4, his Order to me the 14th of the same Month, and my Receipt to the Mailer for the Wheat the 4th April following. If he had been obliged to unload his Ship wrth his own People only, he could not have done it in that Time j therefore there cannot be any Claim for Demurrage occasioned by this Office.

I repeatedly told the Mailer of the Britannia, if he wanted any Money here for the Ship’s Ule, I would supply him, in order to his going to the Port he was destined to, and that he need not apply himself to any Body else; but he did not think proper to accept the Offer I made him, and thereby loft a great deal of Time unnecessarily, lying long idle here after he could have proceeded under Convoy of One of His Majesty’s Ships, for which this Office can never be deemed accountable. — The Surprise Mr. Birtlesexpressed in his Letter of t tth

of June lad, at Mr. Dolby's Demands, an'd his Reasoning on them, is very just; for I do not fee, that any one Part of his Pretensions in his Memorial to the Lords of the Admiralty is grounded on Reason; but am sure that all his Claims are directly contrary to what has been frequently practised in parallel Cafes: — Had the Ship and Cargo, after the Ship had been made fit here for Sea, proceeded to Genoa, and the Cargo fold there, the Freight and Primage was undoubtedly payable by the Seller out of the Produce of the Cargo, and not by the Purchasers: Now this Office is the Purchaser, having paid for the whole Cargo at the Market Price; and therefore is no ways bound to pay Freight or Primage. — There have been many Instances here of the like Nature, when Men of War have, in Time of Scarcity, stopt Ships loaden with Wheat at Sea, and brought them into this Port, and the Merchants concerned have been well pleased and satisfied, by being paid in the same Manner the Britannic?s Cargo was paid for; as indeed they well might, since they thereby laved very heavy Expences that would have attended the Sales of the Cargoes in Italy, especially if put into Warehouses, as is generally the Cafe.

Thirdly, With respect to the consequential Damages alledged to have been sustained by the Snip’s not going to Gen a for Oil and Homeward-bound Freight, and to the Manner in which the Cargo of Salt, brought from Cagliari, and the Ship, were condemned and fold.

24th April 1744. That Dalby wrote to Birtles, that he observed by Birth's Letter, that Henry was arrived at Mahon, and that the Admiral would probably take the Corn: He told him that the Victualling Board had had an Account that the Corn was taken for the Use of the Fleet, and therefore could not appear at Genoa, because he would be mad to stir without Orders, as the Corn was taken from him, and the Ship must be stopt till he could be advised of it, and fend Credit to fopply the Defect of the Freight: That with regard to fitting the Ship with 40 Men, he did not care to run such Risks;

VOL. 32.

however he would fully consider this Point before the Dalby*s

next; and the next Poll should bring him all necessary Orders for taking off the Sequestration; that the next Day he should apply to the Admiralty for Damages in taking out the Corn, and flopping the Ship, and should advise him in his next, what Answer he should receive from them.

28th April 1744. Dalby writes to Bbrtles, that he is resolved upon positive Orders for Captain Henry, how to proceed; it Births could not load at Genoa, that Gallipoly Oil would answer here at the present Insurance; and therefore his Father and himself would (land £.1,200 in that Article, if Births could procure the Ship full, on Freight at £. 6 per Ton; if it should be impossible to get it, that Births might fill her up as his own Judgment should direct on Freight at £. 5 per Ton, over anda bovp what the£. 1,200 would purchase: As to 40 Men, the Insurance at London was not cheaper than with 20 Men; therefore he would not consent to 40 Men, unless he could make £. 1,100 Freight Home; his own Thoughts were, that the belt Way would be for Henry to take a common Number of Men; he agrees that Henry may buy some small Guns, and just as the Ship is coming away, make up his Number 32 Men, as enough of Sailors would be glad to come to England; and take Convoy at Mahon, and from thence to Gibraltar, and there get Convoy for England; he hoped before the Wednesday following, to know what would be done about the Britannia's Freight, and that Births would have so much remitted to him as would make £. 1,200 in s Hands, besides what the Ship would want; therefore he requested Births, in the Interim, to do the utmost for the Ship; but if nothing could be done, he desired Births to order her directly to Cagliari, to load Salt for Boston, to be consigned to Hutchinson and Goldthwaite there; but that was an Expedient he was not fond to have executed.

8 th May 1744. Dalby writes to Henry, complains of his not writing to him, and directs him to fend Home the Protest, and an Affidavit of Fasts; viz. that the Orders to Henry were so particular, that after the Com was taken he could proceed no further till he had Dal-by's Orders in Writing without taking the Risk upon himself, and also to set forth, in the same Affidavit, the Day he was detained, and the Day this Letter comes to Hand, because he had the Promise of Satisfaction for the Detention, and to fend him all the Cods he was put to at Mahon — Informs him, that the Letter would be

delivered him by Mr. Births, to whom he had wrote fully; and directed Henry with the utmost Dispatch to load for London or Boston in New , as Births

should appoint.

1 ith June 1744. Birtles writes to Dalby, that he had received his Letter of the 8th of May, and informs him,

That his Trouble in applying to the Commissioners for the Freight was needless, because the Agent at Genoa had taken the Value of the Cargo on the Footing it was worth at the Time it might have arrived there; but the Price being settled, the Proprietors of the Cargo became Dalby's Debtors for the Freight and Primage, which he, Births, had received from them, upon the Footing of the Charter Party: As to the future Proceedings of the Ship Britannia, that Messrs. Green and Hall had advised him,; that they had advanced to Captain Henry 1000 Dollars for refitting the Ship, and the Purchase of the Cargo of Salt at Cagliari, where Henry was determined to go to load, so that the London Scheme would prove entirely abortive; and, indeed, if it proceeded, it would have been impossible to get a full Ship in due Time: That he would fend him his Account current, and attend Dalby's Orders about the Balance after he had settled concerning the Sequester; that the Judges would oblige him to pay the Demand with the Effects,

as no Proof had been produced to confute it.

15th June 1744. Dalby writes to Births, If Henry should be gone for Salt on his own Accord, he was willing the Goods ordered for him should be put on Board

tile

4* Mail A. 1770.

DalhyN

Petition for

Cempenfatron.

the Francis, and hopes a few Days would furnish them with the Answer to the Commissioners of the Victualling’s Letter, that he might proceed to receive Satisfaction for the Detention or the Ship, and Interruption of his Voyage.

17th July 1744. Dalby writes to Birtles, to order Messrs. Green and Hall to i'upply Henry with what Birtles should think necessary, and to remit to Hall the Balance of the Affair.

23d July 1744. Birtles writes to Dalby, that Captain Henry was gone to load Salt at Cagliari: That it would he to no Purpose for the Ship Francis to seek Freight at Genoa, as no Employ was stirring: That without the Ship is 250 or 300 Tons Burthen, and mounted 20 Guns, and carried 80 or 100 Men, Nobody would put an Ounce of Goods on Board; that he could not any longer delay the Court giving definitive Sentence upon the Sequestration; and therefore recommended it to him to settle that Matter.

15 August 1744. Birtles writes to Dalby, that he would be no Sufferer by the Ship being stopt at >

for if (he had come to Genoa to unload, she mud have gone to Cagliari for Salt, as it would'have been impossible to procure Freight at G, unless Dalby had conformed with the Proposal of making her an Act Ship, and again recommends it to put an End to the Sequestration.

1 ft Novr 1744. Birtles writes to , that he

had, conformable to Dolby's Desire, remitted to the

Amount of the /. 200 Bill; that Three Days before he had received a Letter from Captain Henry, dated at Mahon the Fifth of October, by which he was informed, that upon Henry's Return thither. Green and Hall had

sequestered the Ship and Cargo of Salt for the Money

they had supplied Henry with, for which he drew upon Dalby, who suffered the Bills to be protested: That Birtles's Letter to them had luckily arrived in Time to

-prevent their felling the Ship; but that the Cargo of Salt . was Ibid.before; and informed him that the Remainder . of Furr ell's Cargo was unfold,

17 Dec 1744. Birtles writes to , that he had finished the Sales of TurrelFs Cargo; and prefies him

again to settle the Affair of the Sequestration.

23d January 1744-5. Birtles fends to Dalby, tire Account of the Sales of Turrs Cargo of Corn;.and tells him, that his Proportion come to 7,041 Livres,

which is equal to /. 293. 8 sor thereabouts.

By a Translation 01 the Proceeding in regard to

the Ship Britannia, in the Vice Admiralty Court of

Minorca, it appears,. That on the 3U November 1745, Mikael Harris libelled the Ship for £. 43. 2 9 d.

due to him upon a Bill drawn by the Captain on

Dolby, and returned protested; and several other Per-lbns also libelled the Ship for Demands upon the Owner.

Qn the nth December 1745, Harris and other Persons appeared in Court, and represented. That if the Sale 01 the Ship was delayed, the same would be a considerable Detriment, by reason that she was damaged, and runned a Risk of sinking; and therefore prayed the Judge

to order the Sale of the Ship to be proceeded upon. On the 15th December, Captain Hewy appeared in Court, and represented. That the Ship was indebted to him in

£. 160. 10 s.for Wages as Commander: That she ’ was in a ruinated Condition; — that he had not Money

lu file ient for her Preservation; and therefore agreed that she might be sold for the Benefit of the Persons interested, and the Money brought into Court: On the feme

Day the Court ordered the Ship to be sold at public Sale, by Auction, and the Produce brought into Court till a Sentence and Adjudication should be made thereof; and for that Purpose the usual Proceedings should be had: On several following Days, several other Claims were made upon the Ship.

On the 18th December 1745, the Ship was advertised for Sale.

On the 3d January s'746, an Order was made to deliver the Ship to Salvador for 2,8co Pieces

of Plate. Several other Claims were made upon the Ship.

On the 20th June x 748, the Court pronounced Judgment;^. That the Judge having leen the Cauie of the Joint Creditors of the Ship , whereof

William Henry was Commander, who had prayed that the Ship might be sold at public Sale; and agreeable thereto she had been fold and delivered to Mr. Salvador Catifmo, for a,800 Pieces, that the same might be paid to her respective Creditors; therefore he proceeded to the Division thereof, and adjudged the following Payments: Tieces of Plate. Rls. Dbls.

To the Court 70 O O

For the Register’s Charges 30 O O

To Benjamin Cranjion, Mariner - 59 4 O

To Benjamin Bryant, D* - - 231 4 O

To Edward Guffeit, D° - 289 5 6

To Samual Wane, D° - 56 4 0

To James Alexander, D° - IT I 1 0

To John Hemmitt, D* 215 5 9

To John Jamifon, D° 73 7 iz

To John Wain, 279 6 0

To Frederick Sh ap D° - l 0 0

To John Shieles, D# S3 3 9

Which Sums make together 2,132 7 o

And the same being deduced from the 2,800 Pieces, for which the Ship fold, there remained 667. 1. which Sum he adjudged to the Heirs of Captain William Henry, for his Wages, on account of £. 160. xoj. Sterling, due to him from the Ship, for his Wages as Commander, at the Rate of/. 6 per Month, granting him Recourse for making up the/. 160. ioj. against the Owners of the Ship, binding the Heirs of the said Captain to account with the Proprietors for the Voyages and Freight which the Ship had made; but as Captain was

bound in two Obligations, amounting to 575. 7. 13. he adjudged that Sum to be paid to the Creditors out of the 667. 1. and the Residue to be paid to the Heirs of Captain Hetvy.

Fourthly, With respect to the several, Applications made by Dalby, to the several Boards, and the several Steps taken by him, relative to the Claims made by him, on account of this Ship, and what has been done thereupon by the Officers of the Crown.

That,

i ft May 1744. Dalby presented a Memorial to, the Admiralty, claiming Demurrage for Three Months, and a Satisfaction for the Disappointment of the Voyagej which Memorial the Admiralty referred to the Victualling Board.

2d May 1744. The Vi&ualiing Board took the Memorial into Confide ration; and having then no other Advices of the Transedtion but Mr. RevelFs Letter of the 8th of March, they made a Minute in their Books of that Day: That they thought it right that the Freight should be paid as if the Wheat had been carried to Genoa; and Dolby, who attended the Board, saying, that he

wanted Credit at Genoa, the Board agreed that it should be proposed to the Admiralty to write to Birtles to pay -the Freight at Genoa to Daily's Order; and as to the rest of the Memorial, that the Board should report therq-on, to the Admiralty, when they were fully informed of the State of the Gale.

5th May 1744. The Proposal of writing to Birtles was made to the Admiralty, and approved of.

7 , May 1744. The Victualling Board wrote to

Birtles to pay the Freight to Daily's Order.

3d July 1744. Dolby wrote to the Board, tlxat Birtles on 1 ith of June, had advised him, that the Oil Scheme would prove abortive, and that the Captain would go to Cagliari to load Salt for That he

thanked

io Geo. III. 40 Man. 939

thanked them for their Care of him, by ordering Credit for the Freight; that he had no Occasion for it, as the Captain had drawn on him for 200to furnish his v Cargo of Salt; and that he knew he was premature to expert their Report.

4th July 1744. The Board wrote to Mr. Revell at Mahon, informing him of Ds Claim, and desiring Information how the Fads were.

25th July 1744. Dalby wrote to the Board, desiring the y would so direct Birtles as that the Credit which they had formerly given him upon , might not hinder his adjusting his Claim at London.

26 th July 1744. The Board wrote to Birtles, not to give any Bills on them for the Freight; but desired to know what he had received from the Proprietors of the Corn, and whether he had paid the same to s Order.

27th August 1744. Birtles wrote to the Board, that

he had received the Freight.

5th Off 1744. By a Minute of the Victualling Board, it appears, that Dalby applied to them, and desired, as he had no Occasion for the Money at Genoa, that they would advance him such Part of the Freight as they might think proper, till such Time as they might hear from their Agent at Mahon, to enable them to make a Report to their Lordships touching his other Demands; the Board told him, they could not be certain of his not having ordered Birtles to pay the Freight, according to the Directions given him from the Board some Time before; but he said he was ready to give Security to indemnify the Crown against such an Accident; where* upon the Board ordered an Imprell Bill of £.450 to be made, out to him on account of the Freight of the said Ship, upon giving Security to indemnify the Crown against his having received it from Mr. Birtles, on account of the Crown or the Owners, and against his receiving it, or giving any Orders for receiving it for the future, and upon his giving an Authority to Mr. Birtles to dispose of the Money that he had received, or might recover of the Proprietors of the Corn for Freight and Port Charges, according to such Directions as he Humid receive from the Board.

22 OCT 1744. The Board having received Mr.

Revell's Letter of the 1 jth of September 1744, v above Rated; arid being of Opinion, from the Accounts given of the Affair by Mr. Revell, that Dalby had not any Claim upon that Office, either for Freight or Damages; the intended Imprest for £. 450 was therefore not made out.

5th Novr 1744. The Board reported to the Admiralty, That it aid not seem to them, that Mr. Dalby had any Claim upon that Office for the Freight, the same having been paid by the Crown in the Price for the Corn, and was retained for Mr. s Use, in the Hands of Mr. Birtles j and, as to the consequential Damages, that as the Ship was not detained any longer at Mahon, by means of her Cargo having been purchased there for the Use of the Fleet, than she mult otherwise have been in repairing the Damage she had got before ihe put in there, and their Agent repeatedly offered the Matter what Money might be wanted for fitting the Ship to proceed to Genoa, to which Place he ought to have gone by virtue of the Orders he had received from Mr. Dalby before he left England, and where the Freight, by the Measures that had been taken, would have been ready to have been applied to such Purposes as Mr. Dalby might be supposed to have lodged Orders about, against the Ship’s Arrival there; and therefore conceived that although Mr. Dalby might have suffered from his Mailer’s Imprudence in losing his Time at Mahon, and not proceeding according' to his Orders to Genoa; yet the Crown ought not to be accountable for the Time the Ship lay unnecessarily at Mahon, through the Mailer’s Negligence, or for any Damage that might have accrued to Mr. Dalby in consequence thereof.

Vol. 32.

30th Jan*9 1744-5. The Admiralty directed the Victualling Board to take the Attorney General’s Opinion upon the Cafe.

1 ith Feb* 1744-5. Sir Dudley-Ryder, then Attorney General, gave his Opinion, that the Damages which were naturally consequential to the taking out the Corn at Port Mahon, ought to be made good to the Owner* and thought an Action would lie against the Admiral for them; but thought the unnecessary Demurrage of the Captain at Port Mahon, or his going afterwards to Cagliari, and purchasing Salt, were not such Damages as either the Admiral or the Agent Victualler was liable to make good.

15th March 1744-5. By the Order of the Admiralty it appears, That their Lordships did order the Board to act in the Matter according to the Opinion, and to pay the Damage therein proposed, and no other, provided Dalby gave a general Release, and would receive the same in hill Satisfaction of all Demands and it appears by the Board’s Minute, that in consequence thereof, the Board desired Mr. Dalby to give them an Account of what he infilled upon as consequential Damages.

19 March 1744-5. Dalby delivered in his Claim to the Board, which confilled of the following Particulars j viz.

The Outward bound Freight for the

Wheat - 570 0 0

The Homeward bound Freight of Oil

from Gallipoly - 1,298 o o

The Profit upon the Oil - - - 1,060 o

13 Months Demurrage at Mahon - - 1,279 o o

The Lois of a Carolina Voyage for the Outward bound Freight, and for the Homeward bound Freight, with a Deduction of Six Months Demurrage at Mahon ----- 924 4 O

4 o

He also claimed, without charging any Sums for Charges of bringing Home the Ship from Mahon to London, and putting her into Repair, for the Profits that could have been made inTrade of the 3 FirstSums above claimed, had the same been received in the Month of July, or for the Interest thereof, and the Profit of a India Voyage, that might have been made by the Ship when the Account was delivered.

25th March 1745. The Account being laid before

the Attorney General, he gave his Opinion, That under the Circumstances of the Cafe, neither the Homeward bound Freight, nor any other of the subsequent Demands, were such consequential Damages as ought to be allowed, though this was a Matter wholly in the Breast of a Jury.

nth April 1745. The Account and Opinion having

been communicated to the Admiralty, their Lordships ordered the Board to act with Mr. Dalby, exactly con-, formable to the Opinion.

31st July 1745. It appears by a Minute of the Board, That Mr. Dalby attended the Board, and declined to accept the Freight in Mr. Birtles* Hands; whereupon the Board ordered Mr. Birtles to be wrote to, to remit it to the Treasurer of the Navy; and Mr. Birtles was wrote to on the 16 th of August 1 accordingly.

9th August 1745. It appears by a Minute of the Board, That Mr. Dalby attended them for an Answer as to the Homeward bound Freight, and consequential Damages claimed; when the Board told him,' they could give him no other Answer, than what they had often done, which was. They were under Orders to follow the Attorney General’s Opinion, who conceived that they ought not to be allowed.

11 G . 16th

t^lby’s

Petition for

Compen ration.

940 4 'Mail

16th August 1745. Mr. Stan then Solicitor to the Board, having, on the 31 ft past, inclosed a Copy of a Letter which Mr. Dalby had delivered to him as a Copy of that which he had wrote to Admiral Matthews on 15th May 1745; the Purport of which was, that by the Admiral’s (topping the Britannia at the Master

was difebled from delivering his (k>rn at Genoa, agreeable to Charter Party, and Bill of Loading, and could not proceed thither with an empty Ship without being liable to be arrested, and to have his Ship fold for Non-observance of his Covenant, which the Detention of the porn had made impossible to be performed, and that it was the whole Cause of breaking the Ship’s dellined Voyage to Genoa, Naples, and Gallipo/y, and back to London, and alto losing the Freight from to

London, and the Benefit on the Importation of 106 Tons of Gallipoly Oil, which was ordered to be bought with the Com Freight at Genoa , and other Money that had been kept there as a Fund for that Purpose, and was the Cause of the detaining the Ship at Mahon at a great Expence, whereby he had loft the Profit of a,

and other Voyages; and that all the said Damages were naturally consequential to the said Stoppage and Deten tion; and therefore he desired the Admiral would order Restitution to be made for the said Damages: The Board sent an Extract to Mr. Birtles of Mr. s

Letter to Admiral Matthews, and desired he would acquaint them with what he knew concerning Mr. s Scheme, for purchasing and bringing Home Gallipoly Oil, being broke by taking out the Wheat at Mahon, and what Funds where lodged at Genoa by Mr. Dalby for the Purchase of such Oil.

15th OET 1745. Mr. Birtl, by a Letter wrote by him from Leghorn, acquainted the Board in Answer, That Mr. Dalby's Allegations were far from being grounded

on that Justice and Equity, that is needful for a Man tender of his Character, and desirous to establish a Mercantile Credit — For that when he let out the said Ship Britannia, he soon after wrote to him, the said Mr. Birtles, and acquainted him with her Burthen, csfr. and desired him, if he could, to procure the Ship a Freight back to England, and, in Defect of succeeding, to fend her to load a Cargo of Salt; to which he answeied him. That if he would order the Master to put 16 Guns into her, and ship 50 or 60 Men, (he might go, and take a Foundation of Gallipoly Oil on his Account, and he yvould procure the Remainder of the Cargo of Paper and Fine Goods for London: To this Proposal, Mr. Dalby answered. That he could not consent to put any more Guns into the said Ship, or suffer the Master to increase the Complement of her Crew; but that if he thought proper he might invest about £. 1,000 Sterling in Oils on his Account, and fend the Bills of Lading to his, the said Mr. Birtles' Friend in London, till he had paid his, Mr. Birtles' Bills; but this Order was confined, and not to be executed unless he could fill the Ship up at Genoa; upon which he immediately answered, That

as he would not consent that the Ship should carry 16 Gups, and 50 or 60 Men at lead, it would be impossible to procure her an Ounce of Goods for , and therefore, upon her Arrival at Genoa, he would get her dispatched as soon as possible, and fend her to load a Cargo of Salt: In which Manner the Correspondency created about the Ship’s going back to London; so that there was no Fund lodged for the Oils, nor any Hopes of the Ship’s returning to London if (lie had carried the Corn to Genoa; and that consequently Mr. Dalby was no Sufferer by the Ship’s Freight to Gallipoly, nor on the Oils which he (ays were to be imported, as the Scheme was. intirely laid aside before the Advice came of the Ship’s being arrived at Mahon: That as to the Master’s not being able to proceed to Genoa after the Com was taken, without being liable to be arrested, he was of Opinion, that if the Admiral was comprised within the Meaning of the Clause in the Charter Party j viz. " Re-18

" straint of Princes, Ruiers, and Governors excepted," the Charter Party of itself would have cleared the Master in any Court of Judicature in if after being

stopt he made a Protest against the Commander in Chief, on Behalf of the Proprietors of the Cargo, who must have fought for Payment of Damages of the Cargo from the Officer who laid the Restraint, and not from the Master, who was not in a Capacity to refill; a Superior. Mr. Birtles likewise, in Consequence of the Board’s Letter of the 31st July 1745, remitted them a Bill on themselves, he having then an Account with the Board for Oxen that were purchased in Piedmont for the Use of the Fleet, but were afterwards re-sold at Genoa, payable to the Treasurer of the Navy for the Amount of what he had received for the Freight of the Britannia, being Dollars 1,878. 12. at 54^.| per Dollar; but the Board, upon further Consideration, not thinking themselves authorised to settle, or, as the same was circumstanced, to meddle with the fame, they, on the 24th December 1745, sent the said Bill back to Mr. Birtles, and desired him to draw upon the Board for the Amount thereof; which he did accordingly.

Easter Term 1746. Dalby brought an Action against Admiral Matthews and Mr. Revell.

26th November 1746. Dalby petitioned the Board of Admiralty, that some Persons might attend the Trial with Mr. Revell's Letter of the 8th March 1743, before dated, the Order of the Board of Admiralty of the 15th March 1744-5, before dated, and Admiral Matthew'% Letter to them of the 24th January 1744, desiring to be indemnified on Account of the said Ship; and their Lordships having desired the Board’s Opinion thereon, they thought it advisable to consult Counsel thereupon; which Letter of Admiral Matthews was as follows — To Thomas Corbett, Esquire. Sir, — Soho Square,

24th January 1744. — The Bearer is the Attorney of Mr. Francis Dalby, who has been sent to me concerning' the Britannia, a Merchant Ship, which I (lopped at Mahon, with her Lading of Wheat, for the Service of the Fleet under my Command. I wrote to you upon this Subject the 8th December lad, and lent you the Papers relating to this Matter; but as no Answer has been given, I am now to desire, that their Lordships will be pleased to give such Directions as shall be necessary to indemnify me for the Steps I took for the Good of the Service.

31st Deer 1746. The Board transmitted to their Lordships a Copy of Counsellor Legg’s Opinion, with regard to the producing the said Letters, as follows; viz. I apprehend that neither the Lords of the Admiralty, nor the Commissioners of the Victualling, ought to produce, or deliver, to Mr. Dalby rhefe Letters; and that it would be very wrong in them so to do It is a most unprecedented and unreasonable Request. And it is to be supposed, that Mr. Dalby knew his own same before he brought his Action, and could not expect that the Defendants should make it out for him.

Easter Term 1752. Dalby filed a Bill in the Court of Exchequer against the Commissioners of the Victualling Office, praying Satisfaction for the Freight, Primage, Petty Average, and Port Charges, of the Outward bound Cargo of Wheat, and for the Freight for a Homeward bound Voyage to London, for the Damage by not ini* porting the Oil, for the Lois of the Ship, and for Interest on those Demands; and that an Ifilie at Law might be directed to try how much he had been damnified by the Seizure and Detention of the Ship, and taking away her Cargo, and the consequential Losses occasioned to him thereby.

22d May 1752. The Attorney General gave another Opinion upon the Two former Cafes, and also upon a ’ subsequent Cafe; that he thought there was no Grounds for Mr. Dalby to recover, either in Law or Equity, any Part of the Demands he had made; and he observed

there

to Geo. III. 4'‘Matt. 941

there was One material Fact stated then, which was not Counsel as Mr. Dal by might chuse on hi? Part for palby’s in the former Cafes, and which was taken from Grace's their joint Opinion, whether any, and which, of his Account of the Transaction to Mr. Stanwix, the Board’s Demands were such asA ought to be allowed by the c#mpcnfiuoD. Solicitor: That the Captain himl'elf agreed to the un- Crown.

loading the Corn in the Manner stated, and declared it ' 4th 1764. The Admiralty concurred in

would be a great Help, and save him great Trouble and Opinion with the Board, that a joint same should be Expence. stated, and directed, in case Mr. Dolby would agree to

May 1754. The Commissioners of the Victualling it, to have a same stated, and Opinions taken accord,-Board put in Three Answers to the Bill, and the ingly.

Amendments; and the last Answer was put in, in May 16th DecT 176 3. wrote to the then Chancellor

1754. of the Exchequer, relating to this Matter, and therein

Michaelmas 1754. Grace was examined as a Witness complained, that the Commissioners of the Victual-de bene ej)e, and no further Proceedings have been had ling had made a Mistake in their Report of the 27th

in the Cause. April 1764, alledging, that they would not advance

Feb. 1757. Dolby presented another Memorial to him Money to enable him to pay the Bill for 200l. the Admiralty, relating to his Claims, which they re- drawn at Mahon by Captain in Favour of

ferred to the Victualling Board for their Opinion. Hall and Green-, which Letter was laid before the

20th May 1757. The Board reported their Opinion, Admiralty.

That they apprehended, that the Question upon taking nth 1766. The Admiralty lent the Letter

the Corn, and what Parts of the Dimages claimed by to the Commissioners of the Victualling, directing them Dolby were the natural or unavoidable Consequence Xo examine into what was therein alledged, and to report thereof, were Matters which would come more properly their Opinion.

before a Court of Judicature, or the Decision 01 Coun- 14th Feb* 1766. , The Board made their Report, fel on both Sides, upon a same to be agreed upon; and That Dolby never informed the Board that he was untill it appeared by proper Judges, whether the Crown able to pay the Bill, or that he made any Application was liable to any of the Points of Damage claimed, it to them to advance him Money to discharge the same: would be premature to enter into any Consideration of That it appeared, that the Bill was protested, and sent the Quantum. back to , on the 10th July 1744, and if he had

24th May 1757. The Admiralty confirmed the made any such Application, it would most probably Opinion, and approved of the Proposal of referring the have appeared by his Letters to the Board of 3d of July Question of Law to the Attorney General and Mr. 1744, or the 25th of July 1744; but that no Mention Dalby's Counsel. was made of any Application for Money to pay the Bill

15th June 1757. Mr. Dolby Was informed of this in either of those Letters, by the Board, and they ordered their Solicitor to take 26th Seps 1766. presented a Memorial to

the necessary Steps with Dalby or his Solicitor for ad- the Lords of the Treasury.

justing a joint Cafe. 7th Novr 1766. The Memorial was referred to

30th July 1757. The several Cafes which had been the Commissioners of the Victualling, desiring them to

laid before Sir Dudley Ryder, and the Opinions, were prepare an Answer thereto, in order that the Memorial sent to Mr. Skinner, Mr. Dalby's Solicitor, who was and Answer might be laid before the Attorney and desired to let the Board’s Solicitor know, whether he Solicitor General, for their Opinion upon the whole had any Objections or Additions to make to those Merits.

Cafes. 3d 177b. The Board made their Report.

26 th August 1757. Dolby laid before the Board, a ' 16th D°. The Lords of the Treasury ordered, that Paper, intituled, "A same between the Crown and him- the Commissioners of the Victualling, and the Memo- lelf, relating to the Ship Britannia.'* rialist, should be heard by their Counsel upon the said

14th September 1757. Dalby attended the Board, and Matter, before their Lordships Board, laid, He was prepared to prove his same before them: loth February 1767. And several following Days,

He was answered by the Board, That they did not look the Parties were heard by their Counsel accordingly, upon that as a Thing which they could take upon them-

selves to determine; but if he would settle a same with As to the

the Board’s Solicitor, such same should be laid before

Counsel accordingly; but if neither himself or his So- 1743> 23d. — The Lords of the Admiralty

licitor would meet the Board’s Solicitor, to endeavour to by their Orders to the Commissioners of the Victualling, settle such a joint Cafe, the Blame would lie wholly upon directed them to send out a Supply of Six Months Pro-himself. ' vi lions for i8,obo Men to the Mediterranean.'

March 1764. Mr. Dalby presented a Petition to His Pursuant to these Orders the Commis-

Majesty, which was referred to the Admiralty, whore- sioners took up 18 Ships, viz. the Robert and Anne, ferred it to the Victualling Board. 'the Moggy the Sally, the Speedwell, the En-

27th April 1764. The Victualing Board made their deav the Frederick, the James Frigate, the , Report, and concluded it with saying, That as Mr. Dalby the Prince of Denmark, the Genoa Gaily, the Francis,

had not thought proper to proceed in the Cause which the Ann Pink, the Black Prince, the Oxford, the -he commenced* in the Court of Exchequer, for the Jlant Sally, the Caroline Gaily, and the Hope.

Recovery of his Demands, on account of the said Ship; ' Dec' tft.‘ A GhaCrter Party was entered into be-and as His Majesty’s Attorney General, by his before- tween the Commissioners, on behalf of His Majesty, of mentioned Opinion of the 22d of May 1752, advised, the one Part, and Francis Dalby, Owner of the Francis,

That there was no Ground, either in Law or Equity, for John Matter, of the other Part; whereby Dalby

his recovering any Part of his said Demands; and as let to Freight the said Ship for One Voyage, as after Mr. Dalby had not produced any Thing since that Time, mentioned, viz. Dalby covenants, that the Ship should, which they apprehended could any ways tend to establish during that Voyage, be manned with 14 Men, carry the fame, it did not therefore occur to them, that any 12 Pieces of Ordnance, with Victuals, and all Fur-other Measures could be taken under the said Opinion, niture fit for such a Voyage, at his Costs; and should than what was proposed by the Board, in the Year 1757, forthwith be ready'for His Majesty’s Service; and re-viz.To have a Caic stated that should be agreed to ceive on Board, from His Majesty’s Stores at Tower-hill, on both Sides, and laid before His Majesty’s Attorney all such Victualling Provisions as should be loaden on General, on the Part of the Crown, and such other 'Board her, by the Cdmihiffiohers OrderVand should Vox. 32. Row

4® Mali.

A. 1770.

DjiIbVi (low the same safe and dry j and should (Wind and Wea-f*<rtition ther permitting, and after the Master having signed Corcpcofetioa. of Loading) fail under Convoy for or

Port Mahon, as should be required; and being the re arrived, should deliver all such Provisions, as the Admiral or Commander in Chief for the Time being, or the Commissioners Agent should direct; taking Receipts for the Delivery thereof: And in case the Ship should be detained at Spithead, for want of Convoy, longer than Ten Days, it was agreed to allow Demurrage at 12 r. per Ton per Calendar Month, for every Ton of Provisions loaden on Board her, for so many Days as she should be detained at Spit head, from the first fair Wind, after the Expiration of the said Ten Days, on the Mailer’s Protest on Oath, of the Time of her Arrival at Spit head: And in case' the Ship should not be undelivered or discharged in Twenty working Days after her Arrival at the delivering Port, Demurrage was to be allowed, for fb many Days as she should be detained above the said Twenty Days, at the Rate aforesaid j and Dalby covenanted, that the Master should sign Bills of Loading for the Provisions, and be accountable for the fame; in Consideration whereof, the Commissioners covenanted to allow him after the Rate of 30 s. to Gibraltar, or 40 s. to Port Mahon, per Ton, for so many Ton of Provisions as should be loaden on Board her, to have a perfect Bill made out for what should appear due for the said Services, on producing a Certificate of the Delivery of the Provisions; the said Bill to be entered and numbered in Course, with lawful Interest if not paid in Six Months, according to the Practice of the Victualling; and Dalby promised the Ship should be ready to fail from by the 20th of January

then next, and from the Downs with such Convoy as should be appointed, or, on Failure, to forfeit 5 s. per Ton Freight. And it was further agreed by the Commissioners with Dal, that the said Master should, from time to time, govern himself on that Voyage, according to such failing Orders and Instructions as he should receive from the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commander in Chief for the time being, or the Commissioners for Victualling. And, for the Performance of these Agreements, Dalby bound himself and the Ship in £. 2,200 Penalty.

The Charter Parties of the said several other Ships, Were all of the same Tenor, as this of the Francis.

a 8 th December. The Commissioners having loaded 182 Tons, and of Provisions, on Board the Francis, the Master signed his Bills of Loading. v

January 17th 1743. The Commissioners caused Sailing Orders to be delivered to the Captain, directing him to proceed to the Downs, to apply to the Naval Officer at Deal, to know who was to convoy the Ships to Spithead, and not to proceed thence without Convoy, and, on his Arrival there, to acquaint the Commissioners Agent at Portsmouth thereof, and then to apply to the Commander in Chief of the Convoy bound for the Straits, and proceed under his Convoy to Gibraltar, and deliver the Provisions to their Agent there;

or, if the Commander in Chief of the Fleet there, or the Commissioners Agent should so order, to proceed to Mahon, and deliver the Loading as Mr. Revell, Agent Victualler there, should direct, agreeable to Charter Party.

1743-4, Jan. 25th. The Francis arrived at Spit-head, where she continued till the 18th April following.

1744, April 18. The Francis, together with the several other Victualling Ships above named (except the Genoa Galley, Oxford, and Caroline Galley, which arefeid to be loft in the Downs) and also a large Fleet of other Store Ships and Merchants Ships, failed from Spithead for Gibraltar or Port Mahon, under Convoy of Sir Charles Hardy, with 13 Men of War: And Captain Murray, who was appointed their Commodore the

21 ft of April, ordered the Ships into Torbay, where they continued till the 23d, when they failed from thehce on their Voyage for Gibraltar or Mahon: But as the Public Affairs and Circumstances at that Time would not admit of the Fleet under which they failed, to convoy them so far as Gibraltar, the Francis and other Victuallers, were ordered to be convoyed to where they

arrived the 3d May, and were left there by Sir Charles Hardy's Fleet till Admiral Osborne came from the Mediterranean, to convoy them to Gibraltar, and Mahon: And on the 24th July they failed under Convoy of Admiral Osborne, with Six Men of War, over the Bar of Lisbon -, but Intelligence having been received of a Squadron of at least Nine French Men of War being on the Coast of Portugal, the Admiral, after having called a Council of War, wherein it was the unanimous Opinion of the Captains of all the Men of War, that it was not safe to proceed, ordered the Fleet back into Lisbon Harbour, where they continued till the 30th of August following.

1744, August 30. The Fleet of Victuallers and Stone Ships, except the Robert and Anne, which had been discharged at Lisbon, failed from Lisbon to Gibraltar, under Convoy of Captain Osborne, who was joined at Sea by Admiral llalchen, with about 20 Men of War, who kept them cruizing off Cape Saint Vincent about ia Days, so that they did not arrive at Gibraltar till the 14th September.

1744, 05V 18. The Francis, the Speedwell, the Sally, and the James Frigate, were ordered out from Gibraltar, to go to the Fleet then at Sea, and deliver Part of their Cargoes there, which they accordingly did,- and returned to Gibraltar on the 23d of same Month.

Whilst the Fleet of Victuallers and Store Ships lay at Gibraltar, Three of them, viz. the Endeavour, the Frederick, and the Constant Sally, were unloaded and discharged from the Service of the Crown.

October 23d. The Francis, and the other Victualler* and Store Ships, were ordered by Admiral Osborne, then Commander in Chief, to fail under Convoy of Admiral Rowley for Port Mahon.

Novr 13th. The Francis and other Victuallers arrived at Mahon, where the Francis delivered the Remainder of her Cargo — -21 ft November, Mr. Revell, the Agent Victualler, delivered the Captain of the , a Certificate of his having delivered the Provisions; and the Ship was thereby discharged from the Service of the Crown, which was before any other of the Ships had delivered their Cargoes, or were discharged.

1744-5 Jatly 30th. Mr. Dalby having produced the Certificate of the Delivery of the Provisions, and the Matter’s Protest, the Commissioners made him out a Bill for £.364. i8j. 7 d.being the Amount of the Freight to Mahon, which Mr. Dalby afterwards received.

March 18. The Commissioners also made out a Bill to Mr. Dalby, for £.272. 16r. for the Ships Demurrage at Spithead, from the 3d of February to the 17th April, which Mr. Dalby has also received.

The Owners of the several Victualling Ships claiming Demurrage, or an Allowance for the Time they were detained on the Voyage between Spithead, and the delivering Port, the Commissioners were advised, they could not properly pay for the Detainer at Lisbon from the 24th of July to the 30th of August. Whereupon,

Hilary Term 1745, Mr. Black, Owner of the Frederick, commenced an Action in the Court of King’s Bench against the Commissioners, wherein he declared (dating the Charter Party, and that 274 Tons of Provisions were laden on Board) that on the x8th December the Captain received Orders to ia.il for the Downs, in order there to receive Convoy for Spithead -, which he did, and arrived at Spithead on the 18th January — That the Ship was detained at Spithead for Want of Con-

vpy.

io Geo. III.

4

6'

Mali.

943!

voy, from the 28th of January to the 18th of , being 2 Months and 20 Days; and on the 28th of January the Captain made his Protest; and the Declaration claims a Satisfaction for the Demurrage at Spit-head above the Ten Days.

Second. — He further declared, That on the 18 th of April lie (ailed under Convoy from Spithead to and thence to Lisbon, pursuant to his Sailing Orders; and on the 3d of May arrived at Lisbon. — That the Sailing from Torbay to Lisbon, was failing far out of the direct Course from Torbay to Gibraltar or and

he might, if Wind and Weather had permitted, have (ailed to Gibraltar or Mahon without touching at Lisbon; and as he did this in Obedience to his Sailing Orders, he demands a Satisfaction for Months Delay of the Voyage.

Third. — He further declared, That at Lisbon, the Commissioners. ought to have found proper Convoy, but they did not find Convoy from the Time of the Arrival at Lisbon, until the 24th Day of July; whereby the Voyage was delayed contrary to the Meaning of the Charter Party.

Fourth. — He further declared, That on the 24th of July, he was ordered by Captain Osborne to (ail from Lisbon under his Convoy; that he did so; and at Sea, Captain Osborne ordered him to return to Lisbon; which he did, and frayed till the 30th of for Want of

Convoy, which was a further Delay to the Voyage.

Fifth. — He further declared, That on the 30th he failed from Lisbon under Convoy, and on the 14th of September arrived at Gibraltar, and was there ordered to unload. — That the Convoy did not (ail with the Expedition it might, which delayed the Voyage Ten Days.

Sixth. — He also declared for the Freight.

Upon the First Count for the Detention at Spithead, the Defendants paid the Demurrage into Court, and also the Freight upon the last Count: — Upon the Second Count, for going to Lisbon. from Torbay out of the Course to Gibraltar, the Jury gave One Penny Damages: — Upon the Third Count, for not finding Convoy at Lisbon, from the 3d May to 24th July, the Jury gave Damages £. 641. 4. 7.- Upon the Fourth Count, for Delay, through want of Convoy, from the 24th July to the 30th August, the Jury gave Damages £. 30. — And upon the Fifth Count, for Delay in (ailing from Lisbon to Gibraltar, the Jury gave Damages^.35. 15. 5.

The whole Amount of the Damages added together, do come to the Rate of 12 s. per Ton per Month, which is the Rate of Demurrage agreed upon in the Charter Party; but all the Sums separately taken do not corref-jtond with that Rule, with respect to the Number of Days of each Detainer.

1746, July. The above Action was tried at Guildhall, and Judgment signed 30th May 1747, and the Damage paid.

1747, July 13th. The Commissioners of Victualling, by Letter to the Secretary of the Admiralty, informed their Lord ships of this Verdict; and dating, that the Owners of the other Victuallers, under the same Cir-vcumstances, had applied to be allowed the Demurrage, with Interest: — That they had been advised by the Attorney General to pay them the Demurrage, without Interest; and thereupon desired their Lord ships Directions.

1747, July. The Lords of the Admiralty directed the Commissioners, to pay the said Victuallers, according to the same Rate, as had been recovered by Mr. Black.

In pursuance of this Order, the Owners of all the rest of the Victuallers (except Mr. Dalby, Owner of the Francis, and Mr. Weeks, his Father-in-law, Owner of "the Hope) particularly the Speedwell, the Sally, and the James Frigate, which were under all the same Circum-itances as the Francis with respect to the Detainers and

Vol. 32.

Manner of Ute, were paid after the Rate of 12 a Ton Dalby’s per Month for their Detainers at Lisbon, off Cape Saint Vincent and Gibraltar; in which last the Speedwell, Sally, compensation', and James Frigate, were allowed, during the Time they failed out to deliver Part of their Cargoes to the Fleet, as if they had been lying with the other Ships that Time at Gibraltar; and Bills were made out for the Francis and Hope.

Easter Term 1748. Mr. Weeks, Owner of the Hope, filed his Bill in the Exchequer against the late, and the then Commissioners, against Harley, the Captain of the Ship, in whose Name the Charter Party was made, and the Attorney General; by which Bill he prayed, that the Commissioners may be decreed to , pay him.

For the Freight of 133 Tons and £. s. d. fths of a Ton of Victualling Stores to -Mahon as per Charter Party - - 267 10 —

For the Lois of the Ship’s Cables,

Anchors, and other Damages, in the

Storm in the Downs - - 109 17 —

For Detainer of the Ship in the - J

Downs 17 Days for want of Convoy, and One Month and Ten Days at Spithead - - - 132; — —

For. the Service of the Ship, from her first Arrival at Gibraltar, till repaired and victualled at Mahon, which, he fays, was not till about the 26th or 27 th of February, abating the reout Twenty Working Days to unload ---- 400 — —

For the Loss of his Homeward-bound Freight from Nevis to Lon* don - - - - 1,070 — —

For the Lots of the Profit of £. 500 which he had ordered his Correspondent at Nevis to lay out for him in Sugar, at 10 per Cent, which is the lowed Computation as to the Profit - 30 — —

In all - £. 2,049 7 —

With Interest according to the Charter Party.

And, as a Ground for coming into a Court of Equity for Satisfaction of laid Demands, he charged, that he had applied to Harley to permit him to make use of his Name, in order to bring an Action on the Charter Party, but that Harley relufed so to do, or to assist him in recovering the Money due for Freight, Demurrage, and Damages.

21 ft October 1748. The then Commissioners, by their Answer, inter alia, admitted such Charter Party, and the Ship Hope's Arrival in the Downs, (laying the re for want of Convoy, and the several Detainers aforesaid, and of her Arrival at Gibraltar and Port Mahon, and of the Delivery of the Lading as aforesaid; and that said Weeks had made such Application, and requested them to make out a Bill for £.2,049. 7-or some such Sum, which they had refused, apprehending most of the Particulars were extravagant and unreasonable, and such as they were not liable to pay; but laid, they had offered, and were then ready to make him out a Bill for £.835. 16. 3^. which is all they apprehend to be due to him; viz.

For Freight of 133 Tons x4&4 of Provisions from London to Mahon, at 40 s.per Ton, according to Charter Party -

For Demurrage at Spithead One Calendar Month and 10 Days, at 12s. per Ton per Month, according to Charter Party -

For Demurrage for Three Calendar Months and 27 Days at Lisbon, at the same Rate -

11 H For

£ * d.

267 6 3*

106 9 9

311 11 Sh

944

4° Mail

A. 1770.

Dalby’s

Petition for

Compeoiation*

For Demurrage, for 12 Days off s.

St. Vincent, at the same Rate - - 31 n —

For Demurrage, One Calendar Month and 9 Days at Gibraltar, at the lame

Rate.....103 17 a

For Demurrage, 6 Days, at Mahon, which Time (he was detained there above 20 Working Days, as per Charter Party - - - - 1515 6

In all - 836 11 3

Out of which deduct the Value of the Bavins not delivered - 15 —

There remains justly due on account of said Vopge, as they compute and believe, no more than - - - - 835 16 3

And the said Commissioners, by their Answer, said, thele Allowances were all the Allowances they made the Owners of other Ships who made the same Voyage in Company with Weeks.

5th December 1750. Mr. Weeks died, having made his Will, and Edward Downes Executor, who, having

proved such Will, filed his Bill of Revivor against the several Defendants, and the Cause being revived, Harley put in his Answer, and declared, he was ready and willing to permit his Name to be made use of in any Action at Law, or other Proceedings to be had on the Charter Party, as the Court should direct, being indemnified.

And the Attorney General, by his Answer, said, he was a Stranger to these Matters, but hoped the Court would take Care the Commissioners, or the Crown, were not charged with the Plaintiff's Demands, other than such as should clearly appear to be reasonable and just.

December 1752. Mr. Downes having replied to the Answers, and Issue being joined, divers Witnesses were examined on both Sides, and the Cause came on to be heard on several Days: And, on the 21st February 1753, the Court ordered and decreed, that the Bill should be, and was retained for a Year, with Liberty, in the mean Time, for the Plaintiff to bring his Action as he should think proper, and the surviving Commissioners to admit the Execution of the Charter Party, mentioned in the Pleadings, in the Cause, as their Act and Deed, and all further Directions were thereby reserved; for which Purpose, all Parties were at Liberty to resort back to the Court from time to time, as there should be Occasion.

27th November 1753. The Plaintiff appealed, from the Decree of the Court of Exchequer, to the House of Lords, praying their Lordships to reverse the Decree, or grant him such Relief as they should fee meet.

1754, January 28 and 20th. On the 28 and 29th of January the Appeal was heard, when their Lordships were pleased to order, that in the Decree, after the Words " be retained for," the Words "a Year" be left out, and the Words "Two Years" be inserted instead thereof; and that after the Words "for the Plaintiff to " bring," the Words "his Action" be left out, and the Words " an Action in the Name of the said Henry " Harley," inserted instead thereof; and that after the

Words " as their Act and Deed," these Words be added, " And in case the Deposition of the said Henry Harley " Avail be offered to be read at the Trial of the said " Action, the Respondents Avail not make any Objection thereto by reason of his being named Plaintiff in " such Action, and laving to the said Respondents all " other Objections, either to the Competency or Credit " of the said Henry Harley; and upon the Consent of " the Respondents Counsel at the Bar, it is further " ordered, that notwithstanding the Death of the said " Henry Harley, the Appellant be at Liberty to proceed " in his Name, as if living, and no Advantage to be 18

" taken on the said Trial, or by Writ of Error, on " account of his Death: And it is further ordered " and adjudged, that with these Variations and Additions, the feme Decree be, and the same is hereby " affirmed."

Easter Term 1754. In pursuance of this Liberty given by the House of Lords, an Action was brought in the Court of Exchequer, in the Name of Harley, the Captain, against Mr Salufbury, and the other Commissioners, wherein the Plaintiff declared, after stating the Charter Party first, that the Ship was ready the Day following to have received the Provisions on board, but the Commissioners from thence for 54 Days neglected to load her, whereby Ihe was detained, and could not be ready to fell from Gravesend according to Plaintiff’s Agreement in the Charter Party, but was detained from failing From Gravesend for 14 Days beyond the Time agreed, by Means whereof Plaintiff was put to great Expence, and loft the Profit of his Ship during that Time.

Secondly. — That on the 21st January, Plaintiff received on board 133 Tons and £ of Provisions, and signed Bills of Lading, and on 24th received foiling Orders to go to the Downs, which lhe did, and arrived there the 8 th of February, and applied for Convoy, but none was appointed j that though Wind and Weather would have permitted him to foil from the Downs to Spithead, yet the Plaintiff and Ship were, by the failing Orders, prevented from failing to Spithead for want of Convoy, and was detained there for 17 Days, until the Ship and Cargo were in Danger of being loft by a violent Storm; to prevent which, he was obliged to cut his Cables, and leave his Anchors, and was driven to Sea, and arrived at Spithead the 27 th of February, and was obliged to layout £.109. 17*. in Repairs, See. of the Ship, which Damage was sustained by the Commissioners not providing Convoy, and for which they ought to make Satisfaction.

Thirdly. — For the Demurrage of the Ship at Spithead, from the 8th of March to the 18th of April, at 12 j. per Ton, according to the Charter Party.

Fourthly. — For that, after the Detainer at Spithead, the Plaintiff, on 18th April 1744, in pursuance of foiling Orders, from Commodore Murray, foiled from Spithead to Lisbon; but the Convoy would not permit him to fail with such Expedition as (he might have done, but kept him Three Days at ,without just Cause.

That after the Detention at Torbay, viz. 23d April, (he foiled under said Convoy to Lisbon, and arrived there the 3d May; and was left there by 12 Men of War: That foiling from Spithead to Torbay and Lisbon, was failing out of the Course of the Voyage from Spithead to Gibraltar or Mahon, and was unnecessary and without Cause, and the Ship could and ought to have failed from Spithead to Gibraltar or Mahon, without touching at Torbay or Lisbon; and the Wind and Weather would have permitted it: That the Plaintiff on the 20th May made his Protest of these Detainers; and his being left at Lisbon: — That when (he was left there, the Ship was Teady to have foiled from Lisbon to Gibraltar or Mahon,. and the Wind and Weather would have permitted; and the Commissioners ought, according to the Charter Party, to have provided a proper Convoy, which they neglected to do, till the 30th of August-, and that before and at the making the Charter Party, the Plaintiff was bound on a Voyage with the Ship from London to Nevis, to take in a Cargo of Sugars there of the Growth of 1744, to be brought to London, for which Purpose (after the Charter Party; viz. 2d December) the Ship was fitted out with 12 Months Provisions for said Voyage to Gibraltar and Mahon, and after being discharged at Gibraltar or Mahon, the Ship was to have failed to Nevis, and there to have received Sugars of the Growth of 1744, to be brought to Londo; and lb to finish her Voyage out and Home; but by foiling to Torbay and

Lisbon

io Geo. III.

4° Mali.

945

Lisbon, and being detained there, laid intended Voyage On the Eighth Breach, which is for De- £. d.

to Gibraltar or Mahon and Nevis, and so to , was

totally defeated: That Defendants were requested to satisfy Plaintiff for the Damages occasioned by the Deviation and Detention at Torbay and Lisbon, but that they had not made him any Satisfaction for the Damages occasioned by the Deviation and Detention, which they ought to have done according to the Charter Party.

Fifthly. — That after the Detentions at Torbay and Lisbon, the Ship failed the 30th from Lisbon to

Gibraltar, but was detained 12 Days on the Sea; and arrived at Gibraltar the 14th of September; and on the 15th made his Protest, and claims a Satisfaction for that Detainer.

Sixthly. — That the Ship was detained at Gibraltar, from the 14th of September till the 23d of with-

out being unlaoden, though Plaintiff was required to, and did go into the Harbour and moor his Ship there; and was ready to have unloaded her Cargo, or to have proceeded without mooring the Ship at Gibraltar directly from thence to Mahon: — That being detained at Gibraltar, was a great Expence in Wages and Provisions, and refitting the Ship beyond Sea; and totally prevented his fitting her at Home; and receiving and carrying an Outward bound Freight froth thence in 1745: — That after the Arrival at Gibraltar, the Wind was fair for failing to Mahon; and the Com-

murrage at Mahon, Six Days beyond the Twenty Working Days, at 12J. per Ton, according to the Charter Party -

Dalby’s

Petition for

Compensation.

22 II

In all, £.1,307 13

All which Damages for the said several Detainers were computed at the Rate of 12 per Ton, per Calendar Month, with Interest to the Time of bringing this Action.

1736, July 19th. The Caqfc in Equity for further Directions on this Verdict was heard; when the Court made the following Minutes of their Decree; but no further Proceedings have been had in that Cause.

Trinity Term, in the 29th and 30th Years of the Reign of King George the Second, 1756. Monday, 19th 1756.

Court full. against the Commissioners of

Victualling.

Mr. Bignell opens the Cafe: — Record of Nisi Prius and Postea read: — Mr. Starkie for Plaintiff; and Mr. Perrott and Mr. Comyn, Mr. Attorney General for the Crown, and the Commissioners: — Answer of Richard Hall, Fo. 40 to 45.

The Plaintiff to have the £. 1,307.13. 2j. recovered missioners ought to have found a proper Convoy for by the Verdict, with subsequent Interest on the several that Purpose; but they did not, till the 30th of Oc- principal Sums, from the Time of the last Computation; tober, provide a proper Convoy, but neglected so to and with Colls at Law; and as to the Costs in Equity, do; and thereby obstructed him from proceeding; to (land over to next Term for the Judgment of the for which they ought to have made Satisfaction, but Court.

refuse. 1756, January 17. After the Trial respecting the

Seventhly. — That on the 23d of October, the Plain- Hope, the Commissioners caused a Computation to be tiff, pursuant to Admiral Osborne's Orders, foiled from made of what was due to Mr. Dalby for the Francis, Gibraltar, and arrived at Mahon the 13th of November; for her several Detainers at Torbay, Lisbon, off Cape and was ready to have delivered her Cargo, which she Saint Vincent, and at Gibraltar, in which last was in-did on the 12th of December; and took a Receipt from eluded the Five Days she was out delivering Provisions Mr. Revell, whereby they became due for Freight to the Fleet, at the fomfc Rate of 12 per Ton, per £. *67, which the Commissioners have not paid. Calendar Month, with Interest, and the some amounted

Eighthly. That the Ship was detained at Mahon Six to 939. 17. 4. they caused that Sum to be tendered Days beyond the 20 Working Days, for which there to him; and at the same Time, delivered a Copy of the

became due for Demurrage 15. 15. 6. which Plaintiffs have not paid.

j 755, January 10. The Commissioners having pleaded generally, that they had not broke their Covenant, the Cause was tried at Guildhall before Lord Chief Baron Parker; the Jury gave a Verdict for the Plaintiff on all the Breaches assigned in the Declaration, with Damage, as follows; viz.

Computation; but Mr. Dalby refused to receive the Money.

The Computation was as follows:

An Account of the several Sums, which the Commissioners of the Victualling are now ready to pay Mr. Francis Dalby for the Demurrage, &c. of his Ship the Francis, in her Voyage to Port Mah.

On the First Breach, which is for Twelve Days Detainer in the River for want of Loading - -

On the Second Breach, which is for Seventeen Days Detention in the Dozvns, for want of Convoy -

On the Third Breach, which is for One Month, and Ten Days Demurrage at Spithead, at 12J. per Ton, per Calendar Month, according to the Charter Party On the Fourth Breach, which is for Two Days Detainer at Torbay, and Three Months and Twenty-seven Days Detention at Lisbon; whereby the Nevis Voyage was loft -

On the Fifth Breach, which is for Twelve Days Detainer at Sea off Cape Saint

Vincent - -

On the Sixth Breach, which is for One Month and Nine Days Detainer at Gibraltar - -

On the Seventh Breach, which is for the Freight to Mahon, at 40 r. per Ton, according to Charter Party VoL. 32,

s.

d.

45

63 14 ioJ

151 14 8

- 451 5 10

For the Demurrage or Detention of the Ship at Torbay, from 2 xft to 23d Si April 1744, being Two Days, on 182 Tons, tVoV of Provisions, at 12 per Ton, per Calendar Month

For the Demurrage or Detention at Lisbon, from 3d May to 30th August 1744, being 3 Months 27 Days For the Demurrage or Detention at Sea off Cape Saint Vincent, from 31 ft August to nth September 1744, being Twelve Days - -

For Demurrage or Detention at Gibraltar, from 14th September to 23d October, when she foiled from thence to Mahon, being One Month Nine

45 0 3*

- 147 9 9!

- 380 6 si

Days

7 3

425 7 1

43

141 *5 8*

£.617 7 9

Interest on £. 6x7. 7. 9. from 30th July 1745, being Six Months after the Bill for Freight was dated to 20th January 1756, both Days in-

eluded.

4° Mail. A. 17 70.

Daliiy’s eluded, is io Years 163 Days, at 5 P* £

PCfor°n F,cnt.per Annum. - - - - 322 9 6f

Compensation.

£- 939 *7 3l

Nicolas Ferritor, the Witness produced for proved, that when a Ship’is hired by the Government for a particular Voyage, and is discharged at her Delivery Fort, the Government has nothing more to do with her, but from thenceforth (he is in the Power, and at the Risque of the Owner.

PROCESSO de Graduacion del Navio la Bretana fu Cap" W" Henry, Britanico, en la Curia del Vice

Ading" de Menorca.

Dia 3 Noviembre 1743. Comparecio personalm" en

el presente Tribunal del Vice Ading° de Menorca D" Miguel Harris el qual exponc a V. Mag* Que el Cap" Wm Henefy Britanico del Navio la Bretana le efta devi-

endo quarenta tres libras fterlinas dos xelins y nou penicos figun confta de la letra y questa que. presenta la

?[ual ha fiuo protestada: Porlo que recurre a V. Mag* y uplica el embargo de dicho navio por haver fervid© por el dho navio, y haver fido protestada por el pro-prietaroi del refferido de dicho fu navio. Como lo elpera de la recta justicia X. V. Mag*. Q,ef.

Dicho dia comparecio D" Joseph Miller Mercante el qual expone a V Mag* que el Cap" Guillermo Henery le efta deviendo ducientos fmquenta peflos, como confta de la polifa que presentaut inferatur: yporque por dicho credito queda hipotecado fu navio la Bretana: portanto fuplica sea embargado, y sequestrado, para ia feguridad defu referido credito. Lo que efpera de la re£la justicia de V. Mag* Qrrf.

Dicho Dia: Comparecio Benjamin Cranston el qual exponc que el Cap" Guillermo Henery del navio la Bretana le efta deviendo ciento diez, y ocho Libras eftarlinas, y diez Xelines que le efta deviendo de fu Salario de Caipintero, como confta de la questa que presenta ut inferatur y por quefu Credito es rrivilegiado, y son muchos que pre-tenden Creditos contra dicho Navio. Portanto fupe* sea fervido mandar embargar, y Sequestrar dicho Navio y le sea pagado fu Credito como lo efpera de la refta Justicia de V. Mag* cuyo Officio implora omnis Qref.

Dicho Dia Comparecio Benjamin , elqual fe

oponc contra el Navio del Cap" fVm Henery por razon de uarenta, y tres libras fterlinas feis Xelines, que le efta eviendo de Saralio por el tiempo ha fervido en fu Navio la Bretana: Y portanto Sup" que fu Credito como privilegiado le sea declarado sobre dicho Navio, y por dicho effecto sea Afligurado, y Sequestrado como precede de Justicia, Qrrf.

Dicho Dia Comparecio Edualt Guilfet elqual repre-fenta que el Cap" Guillermo Henery le efta deviendo fin-questa hete libras eftarlinas diez, y ocho Xelines, y ocho Penicos de fu Salario de Marinero en dicho Navio: y portanto Supe* sea Sequestrado, y vendido figun el eftilo de la Curia Justicia que imploraf Qref.

Dicho Dia Comparacio Juan JameJon, elqual expone a V. Mag* que el Cap" Guillermo Henry le efta deviendo doze libras eftaninas quinfe Xelines, y diez Penicos, de fu Salario de Marinero del Navio la Bretana como confta de la questa que presenta, y porquefon mu-choflos acreadores, y el del exponiente es privi legiado Portanto Supc* lefca mandado pagar dicho Credito como precede de Justicia que imploraf.

Dia Deciemn 1745. Comparecio Juan Stephens Bequerelqual expone a V. Mag* que el Cap" Guillermo Henry le efta deviendo Ciento ochenta, y Sinco peflos fiete reales, y treze dobleros, los quales le.ha empreftado por provisiones, como confta de los papeles, que pnta y tanibien Veinte y ocho libras eftarlinas, y quatro Xelines los quales el exponiente ha pagado por questa de dho Cap" a los Marineros como confta tambien en dhos papeles: Portanto Supc* sea Sequestrado, y embargado fu Navio figun eftilo de la Curia. Justicia que implora omnis. Qref.

Dia 6 Deciemr 1745. Comparecio Frederick

el qual expone S V. Mag* que el Cap" Guillermo Henry le efta deviendo Veinte, y tres Libras efterlinas, y ocho xelines por el falario de Marinero de Diez Mefes y veinte dias como confta del papel que pnta; Y porque son muchos los Arreadores. Portanto Supe* le sea mandado pagar dicho Credito como precede de Justicia que imploraf.

I H S.

Dia 10 Noviembre 1745.

Que sea recibido un exacto Inventario del Navio la Bretana, y demas que en el fe halla, figun piden los Acreadores para que defpues fepueda proceder figun drecho, y ftilo ad Vlferiora ett.

Olivar iA , Com* Vicead".

Ob die 2 X. 1743.

A1 Muy Magnifico Scrior Juez del Almirantazgoo

(Be.

Contodo refe&o a V. Mag* representa Benjamin Cranston; Benj" Bryant; Edward Guffet, y Juan Jameson, Marineros abordo del Navio 11a mado la del

qual es Capitan William Henry: Como fu dho Capitan les deve la Suma de 240 Livras 7 Shilines j 10 Penicas moneda de Inglaterra de fu Salario la qual fuma el dho Capitan declara noes capas de pagarles por motivo quefus Mercantes nole quieren remitir dinero por efto Efedo.

Que fu dho Capitan ademas de no pagar afus fupli-cantes fu Salario, A ora declara que nos es capas de man-tenerles con Provisiones Por qual Razon fus Suplicantes con el Devido rendimiento Suplican quefu Mag* toma fu Causa en Consideration, y les haga Justicia Siendo impossible que Sente pueden Vivir fin dinero ni Mante-himiento ninguno, y Como ay tanto tiempo que el dho Navio no a side Empleado ny ay aparencia que los Mercantes de quien es remiteran dinero para pagar a fus Suplicantes. Portanto Suplicamos que V. Mag* Ordenera que fudho Capitan les paga, y les defcarga al punto, 6 que el dho Navio sea Vendido a publico En-canto para pagarles. Quedando rogando a D* que G" a V. Mag* muchos Annos,

Dia 3 de Junto 1743. '

Comparecio en el presente Tribunal del Vicead" de Menorca Salvador Corcos elqual exponc a fu Mag* de como en Messes paflados venieron enfu Botiga feys Marineros Inglefes del Navio del Cap. Guillermo Enere Uamado la Bretanica, los quales, 6 muchos de ellos, no lie vavan fepatos, Medias ni quasi ropa a fin de que los Vendiere fiado un poco de repa, y viendo yo declarante notener de ellos ninguna feguridad sue en Casa de V. Mag* afin dever silos podria dar algun poco deropo, y fi eftaria feguro de cobrar y viendo V. Mag* lo re-tenido mcrvido de Caridad Hamo el dicho Cap" Enere junto conlos demas Marineros defu Navio, y viendo lo mucho que neceflitavan de ropa y que el Cap. prome-tia pagar los Salarios a dhos Marineros, y quefin duda pagaria loque tomaria de ropa los dhos Marineros para lo necessario de ellos, les dio 30 peflos enplata, y aviendo una, y muchas veces padido dicho dinero no lo he podido confeguir de dicho Cap" y Marineros, por lo que pidefea fervido Su Mag* mandaradho Cap" que fupuefto que alos dichos Marineros los devefus respective falarios, y haver prometido el dar satisfacion de los diohos 30 peflos y movido V. Mag* de Caridad de ordenar que diere ropa alos dichos Marineros por 30 peflos que corefpondia a 3 peflos por cada uno que me pague el dicho dinero, otrarn'" que sea vendido uno de los arreos de dho Navio y que entodo fc le de todo com-plimiento de Justicia hafta obtener el dicho Dinero loque pide et omni et P<!* ett.

N" 1.

MSepr y* 20th 1743.

Capt* lf/m Henry,

Sir, Please to pay, or cause to be paid, under Mr. John Stevens, the Sum of Twenty-eight Pounds Four Shillings,

for

io Geo. III. 40 Mail

947

for Value received; and place the same to Account of

Sir, your most humble Servant, Mahon, September the 20th 174 c. ~v 1 nr

Accepted, ff* Henry. ‘ Wm'

N* 2,

Mr. Daily. Mahon, May the 20th 1745. Sir, Please to pay, or cause to be paid, unto John Hemmett, or Order, the Sum of Forty-three Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence, Sterling, for Wages due on Board the Britannia; and place the same to Account of the said Ship, as per Advice from,

Sif, your most humble Servant,

To Mr. Francis Dolby, *

Merchant, in London.

Wm Henry.

N. B. This my First being paid, the Second to stand void.

Henry.

Pay to Mr. Mich1 Harris, or Order, Value in Account* Mahon, 25th June 1745. Jn° .

For me to Mr. Rich* Harr, or Order, Value in Account. Mich1 Harris.

and protested in London aforesaid, in the Presence of Dalby’i Anthony Weldon, and John Eckles, Witnesses hereunto ^e'^oa required. c<imrenfati)*n.

In Testimonium Veritatis.

L. S. Johannes D'accja Not. Pub*. 6-9. 1745.

N° 3*

Pay to Mr. Mich1 Harris, or Order* Value in Account.

Mahon, 25th June 1745.

Hemmett.

For me to Mr. Rich* Harris, or Order, Value in Account. Mich1 Harris.

Mahon, 26th June 1745.

N*4.

Mr. Dolby, Mahon, May the 20th 1745.

Sir, Please to pay, or cause to be paid, unto John Hemmett, or Order, the Sum of Forty-three Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling, for Wages due on board the Britannia; and place the same to Account of the said Ship, as per Advice from.

To . Sir, your most humble Servant,

Mr. Francis Dalby,

Merchant, in London. '*

Mahon, 26th June 1745.

On the Twenty-seventh Day of 1745, at the

Request of Mr. RichdHarris, of London, Merchant, I John da Cofia Notary and Tabellion Public, dwelling in London, by Royal Authority, duly admitted and sworn, went with the original Bill of Exchange, whereof the Copy is above, to the late Dwelling House of Mr. Francis Dalby, to whom the same is directed, there to demand Payment thereof; where having exhibited the same to a Gentleman, and demanded of him, if the said Mr. Dalby was there, or had left any Orders for Payment of the said Bill ? he answered. That Mr. Dalby was just gone from thence, and had left no Orders: Upon which Answer, I the said Notary, at the Request aforesaid, did, and do solemnly protest against the Drawer of the said Bill, and all others concerned for Change, Rechange, and all Costs, Damages, and Interests suffered, and to be suffered, for want of Payment of the said Bill; thus done

N. B. This my First being paid, the Second to stand void.

Henry.

Auf

*745*

N* 5.

Received of Mefs" B. & D. Ferrand, J. Miller, and C°, Two hundred and Fifty Dollars, Silver, being the Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling, which Mess'* Benja. Barbaud and Son, of Geneva, order them to pay me for -the Use of my Ship Britannia; and I do hereby promise to be accountable to them for the fame. Mahon, 30th April 1745.

D. 250 Silver.

Sign’d Duplicates for the fame.

Wm Henry.

Deve la Navio los figucentes afaver.

A1 Senor Capitan Hentry, por fu falario -

Benj" Cranston, D* -

Ben'f Bryant ——

John Jameson -

Eduf1 Gulfet ——

Summa Total' *

Frederick Shepheard, as Mariner on board the -Britannia, William Henery Master, the 2d June 1743, and discharged by ditto the 22d April 1744, is 10 Months and 20 Days, at 451. per Month -

Greenage Hospital, at 6 d. per £. deduced - .

.< s. I

166 10 O

118 16 O

46 6 O

12 l5 IO

57 18 8

£ 4°2 6 6

£ s. d.

*4 0 0

0 12 O

C 23 8 O

Captan William Henry, Dr to John Stevens,

NovemT the 23, 1745, for the Use of the Ship Britannia, the Sum of 2 ? - - D. 185 7 13

Henry.

Voi.

11 I

948

Maii.

Dalby’i

Petition for

Compenbtion.

Deve el S*r Cap" Henery a Jameson.

Por fu falario defde 15 de Abril 1744 hafta}

20 de Setiemr 5 mezes 5 dias a a. ioj.Viz 18 per mes. -

Deve Cap" Henery a Edit/1

For fu falario defde 20 de 0<9rc 1743 hafta'l 19 deiViw/*1745 fiendo25iV/^a^.2.ioJ.>62 10 per mes.....)

Deve cl S" Cap" Henery & Bryant.

Por fii falario defde 20 de 0£ln 1743 hafta}

30 de Abril 1745 fiendo x8 mezes 10 >46 Dias - - -,) ,

Deve Cap. Henery a Benj*

Por fu falario abordo de fu Navio la Bretania defde el dia 6 de Oeln 1743 hafta eldia 19 de No-if' 1745 fiendo 25 mezes 14

dias a £.4 !> PorMes. ... io8 jj Dinero dado a Juan Million fu orden - 0 15

a Tho West - - 08

a Juan Ptyan Skelton - - 213

a Glover Low - - -09

a Edw Gulfett- - -07

Por dinero empreftado en Engaleterra "77

Por dinero pagada por Provisiones - - 1 10

Por dho empreftado - - -13

Mas - - - - -1812

A. 1770.

f. 141 10

per Contra c\ J. d.

d. Porel Hospital de Greenwich m - 0 2 6

4 Balanfa - - - - 12 lS 10

12 18 4

Per Contra c.

Por dineyro que recivi a Gravesend - 10 O

0 Mas - - - - 0 0

Mas pagado a Benj.*Cranston & fu orden - 0 7 2

Por 3 Livras de Tabacco - - - - 0 1 4

Por lienzo a Callary mm - 0 2 10

Por dinero empreftado - - - c 8 0

Mas - - - - 0 4 0

Porel Hospital de 1* - - 0 12 / 3

4 11 4

Balanfa 57 18 8

£62 10 O

per Contra c\

Pordinero contado que recivi _ £ 2 10 O

0 Mas por Xabon y tobacco - - 0 1 6

Porel Hospital de - - - 0 9 0

2 19 6

Balanfa 43 6 6

£.46 6 O

per Contra c\

Pordinero querecivi & Gravesend - £ 4 5 O

Malpor de pares de lapatos - - - 0 11 O

Mas por remendar un par de Botas y un par

0 de lapatos - mm - 0 2 O

0 Endinero Contado - - - 0 2 6

6 Mas - 0 3 0

0 Mas - - - 0 2 0

4 Parael Hospital de Greenw* - - - 0 12 6

2 Dinero Contado - - - 5 8 0

0 Mas - - - - 11 8 0

0

0 22 14 0

0 Balanfa 118 16 0

0 £ J4* 10 0

Dia 8 Henero 1746.

Foren Uiuradas per Juan Antoni Nuncio fis cadiras favor del S' Juan Pons

Item unas botas de pell a favor del Dor Barthomeu Triay Item un mirall a Gims Scedelen -

Item vuyt parells de calfas a Juan Magrina -

Item un parell de guants blanchs-a Pere Deya -

Item altre a favor delmatex -

Dia 26.

Item un cotu de panu a favor del mag*. DT Jaume Andreu 1

Item fis camias a Miftris Maris ——

Item dos llenfols y duas Cuxineras a la matexa -

Item dos calfons a Joseph Magno -

Item duas Xupas blancas a Miftris Maris -

Item una Xupa blava alamatexa -

Item un fayo de pelfe a Francisco Christofol -

Item un fayo a Miquel Colom -

Item un Rellorge a Dey Nott -

Item tres Calfons y una Xupa a Ouillem

Item unas Civellas de plata a Juan Parpal -

lectn altres a Deya Nott - -

Item un Cota al Mag* Frait Pons -

Item un Ballafteria y un Nocturnal al D*r Miquel Bubo -

14 1 O

0 6 O

2 4 9

1 5 0

0 1 13

0 0 12

3 3 0

6 3 0

2 7 12

0 2 12

1 0 6

O 7 0

2 1 0

1 0 9

20 0 0

0 6 2

0 7 0

1 3 12

0 6 12

2 0 0

Item

4

io Geo. III. 40 Mail.

Item una Trompa a Salvador Llull - - - *

Item una Caxa a Sons Maris - - -.

Item un Matalas y un Cuberto & Abraham Judeo - -

Item dos parells de febates almateix -

Item dos Capolls a Miftris Maris - a - .

Item un Compas a Pere Deya ....

949

0 4 O Dalky’s

1 a o

iOf

* ® Companion.

0 5 0 1IO O29

66 o o

Dia 10 Xl" 1745. Constituhidos personalm" el Muy Mag'0 D* Gabriel Olivar y Pardo Cavallero, Jues Com® del Tribunal del Vice Adg° de juntam*0

con migo Baretf Dea Nott° y Kegiftrador interino de dbo Tribunal en el Navio la fu Cap®

Henry.

Dia 11 Deziembre 1745. Comparecieron in el presente

Tribunal del Vice Acting* D* Miguel Harris y de mas intereflados: los quales exponen a V. Mag* quefupu-cflo Yaqueda -feaueftrado o, Inventariado todo el Navio la Bretaiia fu Cap" Wm Henry Y de

dilatarfe la venta delmifmo, es en notable dano no solo del proprietario, fino tambien de los demas Intereflados, pues como ha dos anos fe halla enelprelente Puerto, fin Carenar, fe deve fuponer, questiene el llano gaftado, de que corre mucho peligro de irfc afondo, Mayormente, que figun tienen entendido haze mucha agua: Que portanto sup'*" al Mag* Tea fervido mandar proceder a la Venta del dho Navio Creando V Mag* primero un Curador pol el aulente proprietario, 6, proprietaries a quien le puedan hazer los procedim*0* de flilo; Ash para la defalcacion del dominio, como paralo demas que Tea de drecho y Justicia laque imploran omnis.

Dia 15 Deziembre 1745. Comparecio en efta Curia del Vice Adg° de Menorca Cap. Henery Britanico del Navio la Bretana, cl qual expone a V. Mag* que el Navio la Bretaiia le efta deviendo 160 Libras eftarlinas y 10 Xelinescomo confta de la questa que presenta por lu Salario de Cap. Ypor que dho Navio fe va del todo deteriorando demanera que haze mucha agua fin tener expedicion de dinero para fu Conservacion: Que portanto convienc sea vendido elmefmo para beneficio de los intereflados: Y quefu producto sea depositado penes curiam de V. Mag* loque sup'* omni, &c. Su Mag* ohida la Antecedente expoficion: Y envifta delas demas Instancias cchas por los otros Acreadores, y questodos piden, y Suplican la Venta del Navio la,

ash por figuridad defu Credito, como porel de los mif-mos proprietaries del dho Navio, por el peligro que Corre: Queportanto sea Vendido elmifmo enpublica al-moneda y a voz de Pregonero, alquemas precio ofrecera. Y fuprodudo sea depositado en poder de nueftro Tribunal efta sea echa la sent* de Adjudicacion, y Liquida-cion: Y que para dho effecto sean dcfpachados los al-baranes nelceflarios figun eftilo: Y Nottifiquefe, idc.

Olivar & Pardo Com* Vicead1;‘.

Dia 16 Henero 1746. Comparecio en efta curia del Vice Adg" de Menorca Dr Miller ,como a

Pdor de Daniel Wane elqual expone, a fu Mag* que el Cap" Guillermo Henry le efta deviendo lo contenido en lo papel que presenta porlu falario de Piloto. Por lo que fe opone enlamas solemncforma que de drecho fe requiem.

Dicho dia Comparecio en efta Curia del Vice Adg° de Menorca Wm Foxor el qual fe opone por lo que dho Cap" Henry le efta deviendo: Conforme el papel que presenta lo que pide lefea satisfecho: Quod dicit, idc.

Dia 24 Henero 1746. Comparecio en efta Curia del Vice Adg° de Menorca Samuel Swame elqual fe opone ala Condenacion del Navio la Bretaiia por razon de diez y leys libras eftarlin* y diez y nueve xelines le efta deviendo loque pide le sea latesfecho.

Dicho dia Comparecio James Mercander clqualfeo-pone ala condenacion de dho Navio porrazon de veinte y dos libras eftarlinas quatro xelines y feis penicos le efta deviendo, loque pide le sea satisfecho.

Vol. 32.

Dia 31 Henero 1746. Comparecio en efta curia del Vice Adg° de Menorca Frederick Shepheard elqual expone a V. Mag* que por mayor elucidar laverdad: Sup'* sean recebidas algunas Pergonas de juramt0 quales son Hugh Steward y el Cap. Conte M'° elqual digany declaren: Siel declarante ha fervido en el Navio Bretaiia fu Cap. Wm Henery y fifue alguilado por dho Cap" por Cozinero Quod dicit omni,

I. H. S. Die prima Februarij 1746.

Fiat uti petitur et intimetur, die.

Olivar & Pardo Com* Vicead"\

Pub: alos Intereflados dia dela mefma, Idc. quare

(Ac.

Dia 1 Febrero 1746.

Capitan Carlos Conly de Mahon morador testigo ml* niftrado de edad de 40 anos por el jurarn*0 hapreftado sobre la Hliblia ett enpoder de fu Mag* promete dezir verdad sobre lo quefera Interrogado.

Info lobre lo contenido enla Antecedente peticion quefe le sue Lehido ett.

E dixo que lo que febees: de que Frederick sue

uno delos Marineros del Navio del Cap" y no fabe

quanto tiempo hafervido a dho Cap" y que una y muchas el decla" hallablado condho Cap. Enerick quien le re-fpondia que con el primer dinero questendria le pagaria y defpues fabe el Decla" que dho Cap. le dio tres Letras de Cambio contra el Mer" de fu Navio el dho Federick para pagarle, y efto es la verdad por el juramento ha preftado. Scle sue lehido y lo firmo de fu propia Mano et infra.

Carlos Cottle.

Dho dia.

Hugo Stewart de Mahon morador testigo Ministrado de edad de 25 Anos porel Juram" ha preftado promete dezir verdad sobre lo que fera Intg0.

Intg° sobre lo contenido enla anteced" Peticion que fe le feu lehido E dixo que fabe que dho Fedrick chard navego’ quatro mefes con el Cap. , perono

fabe fifue pagado, ono de dho Cap. ny fi este le dio Letra alguna para que cobrafle del Mer" de fu Navio y es Ja verdad porel Juramento ha preftado — Sele sue lehidoylo firmo de fumano.

Hugo Stewart.

Certificoy hago fu Yo Pedro Antonio Carrio Notf Pub* dela Villa de Mahon dela Ifla de Menorca vezino y morador De como Daniel Wane Ingles hallado personalmente en dha Villa de Mahon de la mefma Ifla mediante auto de 5 corrientes por mi recivido de fu buen grado ett en aquella mejor Via y forma y que mejor haya lugar ha otorgado y dado todo fu poder cumplido y baftante qual de drechro fe requiere a Joseph Miller presente ett* Para que repre fentando fu propia Persona pueda pedir y demandar recivir, haver, y cobrar todas y quales quier quantidades de dinero y otras qualefquier que le puedan eftar deviendo por qual quier Persona, 6 personas de qualquier eftado que sean, y particularmente lo que le puede eftar deviendo el Cap" del Vaxel mercante llamado Britanice que es Guillermo Henry por razon de fu falario de Pilote de dho Vaxell del riempo que ha Cur-fado con dho Navio. Y por dha cobranfa y qualefquier pueda otorgar lar Cartas de pago finis quito ett*. Y fifus Crediros fe nallaflen depositados 6 fe depositaren los pueda facar dho 1’u Prod*' dequalquicr deposito ett* Y para

eftopueda

4

Dalby’s

Petition for

Coropcn/alion.

050 4® Mail. A. 1770.

eftopucda obligar todos fus blencs y enfunombre preftar qualquier fianfis. Y fervar aquellas Indempnas ett*. Y fi fuere necessario para dha Cobranfa pueda dho fu Pro4®' parecer en Juizio antes qualeiquier Juezes Justi-cias y Tribunales. Dara presentar quales quier Peti-ciones requiritorias y protestatorias ett*. Y enfin para pleytos ad Votum de dho fu Procurador, y con toda mayor Authoridad que fu Pro4*' declarare querer haver pues Defde ahora feleda y otorga ett* como mas larga mente confta y parece en dho auto aque por la verdad me remitto. Del qual fueron presentes por testigos a este fin llamados Nicholas Falconet Suifi'o y 'Thomas Beayer Ingles hallados personalmenne en dha Villa de Mahon; En fee y testimonio de Verdad doy la presente demi pro-pia mano efcrita demi nombre firmada y con elfigno de Notario fubfignada. En Mahon de Menorca a 6 de 9*® de 1745 a req" de dho Pao4®'.

Sig (L. S.) no

Pedro Antt Carrio Nott*.

N® 6.

Mahon, the 6th 1745.

Mr. Francis Dally,

Sir, Please to pay, or cause to be paid (this my Second Bill, my First and Third of the same Tenour and Date not being paid) unto Daniel , or Order, the Sum of Fifty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings, Sterling} being for his Wages due on Board your Ship Britannia; and place the same to Acco* of, the said Ship, as per Advice from Sir, Your most humble Serv*

To Mr. Francis Dally, Wm Henry.

Merch‘, in London.

March 26tt 1745.

I promise to pay to Will"1 Fox, or Order, Three Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine Pence, Sterling; for Value received per Henry.

£-3*9

Det* 2 1 more.

5«

Tothom y tota Perzona, qui entenga y Vulla Comprar el Vaxell anomenat la \Bretanafon Capita Henry el-

qual Vaxell le atroba Ancorat en lo present Port de Mahon simul al tots los Arreurs que van continuats enla adjunta llifta, 6 Inventari el qualle ven perlo Tribunal del Vice Ading® de Concentim* del dit Capita com le expressa en la fua Comparacio de 15 corrents y mediant Provicio per fe Mag* feta al peu de dita Comparacio, en Seguida delas Instancias de molts Acreadors sobre dit Vaxell la EretaMa com llargum* Appar en lo Proces recondit en dit Tribunal. Sapia lo Comprador qualfevolfia que la dita que donera’ al Corrector y la que este tindra lo dia de lliuram*. fera al diner Comptants que deura pagar y depositar en poder de dita Curia luego leguit lo Lliurament, al moneda ade Plata, u, Or de Portugal; per haverse de satisfer de dit diner tots los Acreadors. Item fapia que dit Tribunal ly firmera Ade dedit Vaxell la Bretafia abtotas las Claululas Necessarias y de eftil. Y finalm* Sapia el Compredor que ultra lo sobre dit deura pagar los gaftos del Peg®' y del Corrector perlo Lliuram* a® de C 4 per lliura per cada qual. Diguey Perzo qui dir hi voldra que feha dc lliurar en Publick cncant Corrector Mitjenfant almes depreu offerint y do-nant. Datt en Maho de Menorca als 18 Decembre *745-

Olivar & Pardo Com* Vicead11'

De M*® fuae Adm Mag4

Batt Deya Notty ac Reg*' Iterinus.

Dia 30 Henero 1746. Comparecieron en efta Curia del Vice Adg® de Menorca, D" Miguel Harris, D" Joseph Miller, Benjamin Cranston, Benjamin Bryant, Juan Stephen Beker, y Juan Jameson, los quales exponem a fu Mag* que para la Legitimidad de los Antes procedi-

mientos, es necessario en drecho iea Creado un Curador, para que haga^parte enla pnte Causa, en nombre de los Aufentes, a fin quefe pueda dar la entera Conclu-fion ala pnte Causa, como in efperan y Suplican de la reftitud de Justicia de V. Mag* que imploran Omni, &c.

I.H.S. Die 30 Januarij 1746.

Fiant Supplicata ad Cujus efeftum eligitur Honoratus Piza.

Olivar & Pardo, Com* Vicead1*®.

Dia 17 Mayo 1746.

Comparecio en efta Curia del Vice Adg* de Menorcdt Honorato Piza elqual por el Juramento ha preftado sobre los Santos Evangelios promete haverse bien y lealmente en lo Officio de Curador de los Aufentes intereflados en elpnte Processo: Que es eftado elegido y nombrado por fu Mag*, mediante la ante Proviflion: Como es mirar por lo util de dhos Aufentes y lo inutil del todo evitar Pro quibus, &c« Oblibona, &c. Renid*. Omnibus Legibus, &c. Actum Mahone, &c.

Tcftes, &c. Guilielmus Tremol et Raymundus Piza, Mahone habitatores, ac ego , qui

loco Registratoris, &c.

Dia 18 Dez* 1745.

Comparecio en efta Curia del Vice Adg® de Danie Wane elqual expone a fu Mag* que el Cap" William Henery le efta deviendo 58 libras Starlin* y 11 xelines moneda Starlina figun confta del Vilete que queda incerido en proceflo por fu Salario de Piloto: y como este no aya podido lograr fupaga por muchas vefles le ha pepida Supc* k lu Mag* lea fervido darle todo Cumplimiento de Justicia que efpera de la muy Refta de V. Mag* £sV.

Dia 3 Janer. 1746. Lliurat per Rebafia a Salvador Canftno, per 2800 P* Plata.

Know all Men, by these Prelents, That I Mary Henry, of BoJIon in Nezv England, Widow of William Henry, late of laid Bofion, Mariner, deceased, at Port Mahon have constituted, ordained, and made, and in my stead and place put, and by these Prelents do constitute, ordain, and make, and in my stead and place put, Mr. Andrew Pringle, of the City of London, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, Merchant, to be my true, sufficient, and lawful Attorney, for me, and in my Name and stead j and to my Use, to aik, demand, levy, recover, and receive of and from all, and every, or any Person or Persons whom it doth, shall, or may concern, all Debts, Sum and Sums of Money due, owing, payable, and belonging to the Estate of my said late Husband, whether for his Wages, Disbursements, or for the Wages of his Servant or Servants, on board any Ship or Ships or Vessels whatsoever, or for or by reason or Means of any other Matter or Cause whatsoever; and if Need be, for me to take out Letters of Administration on said Estate, and aft fully for me in that Capacity; giving, and hereby granting, unto my said Attorney my full and whole Strength, Power, and Authority, in and about the Premises} and to take and use all due Means, Course, and Process in the Law, for the obtaining and recovering the fame, and of Recoveries and Receipts thereof; in my Name to makf, seal, and execute, due Acquitances and Dischargesj and for the Premises to appear and the Person of me, the Constituent to represent, before any Governor, Judges, Justices, Officers, and Ministers of the Law whatsoever, in any Court or Courts of Judicature; and there, on my Behalf, to answer, defend, and reply, unto all Actions, Causes, Matters, and Things whatsoever, relating to the Premises; with, full Power to make and substitute One or more Attornies under my said Attorney, and the same again at Pleasure to revoke; and generally to say, do, aft, trans-aft, determine, accomplish, and finish, all Matters and Things whatsoever relating to the Premises, as

io Geo. III. 4°

fully, amply, ami effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as I the said Constituent n.yl'elf ought, or might, or could, personally, altho’ the Matter fhof&d require more special Authority than is herein comprised I tV»e laid Constituent ratifying, allowing, and holding firm and valid, all and whatsoever my laid Attorney, or his Substitute, shall lawfully do, or cause to be done, in and about the Premises, by virtue of these Presents. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, the Fifth Day of Angnjl, Annoque Domini One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, in the Twentieth Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

(L. S.)

Signed, sealed, and delivered, 7 in the Presence of J

David Hunter.

Sealed and delivered in Presence of me

Suffolk, fs. Augv.fi7th, 1746. Then Mrs. Mary Hairy, Widow of lVm Henry, acknowledged the above Internment by her executed to be her free Act and Deed.

Before me Jffeph IVadjworth, Justice Peace.

William Henry and Mary Rigby were married, by the

Rev* Timothy Cutler, D. D. the 4th of February 1758.

A true Copy, as is entered with the Records of Marriages within the Town of , in

Ne w England.

Att' Ezek1 Goldthwait, Town Clerk.

Boston, August b, 1746,

Province of the Massachusetts Bay.

all Debts, Sum and Sums of Money, due, owing, pay- Datoy’s able, and belonging to the Estate of the said William Henry, whether lor his Wages, Disbursements, or for the Wages of his Servant or Servants, on board any Ship or Ships, or Vessels, whatsoever; or for or by reason or Means of any other Matter or Cause whatsoever, and of giving Receipts and Discharges for the lame, as in and by the said Letter of Attorney is to him the said Andrew Pringle given and granted, and generally in and concerning the Premises, to do, perform, and execute, all and’ whatsoever shall be requisite and necessary, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents, Conductions, and Purposes, as he the said Andrew Pringle might or could do, by virtue of the said recited Letter of At* torncy, in case he was personally present. Thus done and passed, in London aforesaid, in the Presence of Thomas Gilbert and Joseph Shank, Witnesses hereunto required.

Andrew Pringle, (L.S.)

Sealed and delivered in the Presence of Tho* Gilbert,

Joseph Shank.

(L.S.)....

In Veritatis Testimonium, Sam. , Not. Pub-

We underwritten do certify. That Mr. Samuel -tyn, whole Firm is above, is a Notary and Tabellion Public, practising in London, faithful and lawful: To whole Acts full Faith and Credit is given in Judgment Court and thereout. Witness our Hands in , the

Sixth Day of July, Anno Dm, 1747.

A bra' Ogier, Not’ Pub*

1747- -

Tho1 Booking, Not* Pub*.

*747-

I Richard Jeanys, Nottary and Tabellion Public, by Royal Authority duly^dmirted and Iworn, dwelling and practising in Boston in New England, do hereby certify all whom it doth or may concern, That Joseph Wadjworth, Esq\ is one of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Suffolk, within the Province aforesaid, duly commissioned and sworn; and that Mr. Ezek1 Goldthwaitis Town Clerk of the Town of;

and that to their Attestations (as above, and on tire Paper annexed) full Faith and entire Credit is and ought to be given, both in Court and without.

\\ itness my Notarial Firm and Seal, this

' ' Seventh Day of , Dom. 1746.

Ric/A Jennys, Notr Pubk.

1746.

On the Sixth Day of July, Anno D* x 747, before me, Samuel Martyn, Notary and Tabellion Public, dwelling in London, by Royal Authority duly admitted and iworn, ant! in the Presencc of the W itnesses hereafter named, personally appeared Mr. Andrew Pringle, of Louden, Merchant; who producing to me, the said Notary, an original Letter of Attorney, under the Hand and Seal of Mary I ferry, of Boston, in New Widow of William Henry, late of laid Boston, Mariner, defeated, at Port Mahon; bearing Date the Fifth Day of Angiifl One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, the authentic Copy whereof is hcrcbefore written; declared by virtue thereof, and of the Power of Substitution therein and thereby to him given and granted, to have made, ordained, substituted, and appointed, and by these Presents doth make, ordain, substitute, and appoint, Thomas AJkew, of London, Mariner, now bound out on a Voyage to Gibraltar and Port Mahon, his true and lawful Substitute and Attorney: Giving, and by these Presents granting, unto the said Thomas AJkew, the same full Power and Autlyrity toafk, demand, lue for, recover, and receive, of and from all and every or any Person or Persons whom it doth, shall, or may concern. Vox,. 3?.

I do hereby invest the same Power and Authority to me within given, by Mr. Andrew Pringle, in Mr- Abraham Mills, of Mahon, Merchant; as witness my Hand, in Mahon, in the Islandof Minorca, this 31st Day of December 1747, O. S.

Tho1 AJkew, (L. S.)

Witness pretent,

J.Sutherland,

Jtf Smalridge.

Sepan todos por la presente qxje yo Maria Henry de Boston en Ingalatierra Nueva Viuda de Guilliermo Henry de Boston, Marinero defunto a Puerto Mahon he Constituido, Ordenado y hecho, y enmy lugar he puefto y por las presentes Constituyo Ordenay haze y en my lugar pone Dn Andreo Pringle de la Cuidad de Londres, en el Reyno de la Gran Bretania i Mercante deter mi Ver-dadero Sufficiente y Legal Procurador por mi y en mi Nombre y lugar y pormi Ulb depedir demandar Levan-tar llecobrar y Recivir de todos y qualfequier Persona 6 Personas & quien toca 6 pertenece todas Deudas Suma 6 Sumas de Dinero devido pagable y personeciente ael Eftado del dho mi Marido sea por fu Salario Defembol-famentos 6 por el Salario de fu Criado 6 Criados abordo de qualquier Navio 6 Navios 6 por razon 6 medio de qualquier otro materiaro Causa y (fies necefario) pormi de facar Letras de Administracion sobre efta Eftado y de hazerpor mi plenam’* en aquella Capacidad Dando y por la pretente concediendo ami dho Procurador milleno y entero Authorida^ en y to cante lo dho y detomar y ular todos devidos medios Curfo y proceffo en la Loy para obtener y recobrar lo mefmo y en Cobrando y reciviendo En mi Nombre de hazer Scllary Ececutar devidos aui-tanfas y dcfcargos y por lo mefmo de parecer ylapersona de mi la Constituanie de representor deJante de qualfequier Governador Juezes Justicias Oficiaies y Ministros de la Ley, en qualfequier Corte 6 Cortes 6 Tribun1 y alii por mi de responder defender y replicar a todos Actiones Causes Materias y Colas qualquiera tocando las premiilas

u K. COR

V

Dalbv’s

Pciition

for

'Compensation.

95*

4° M

A. 1770.

con lleno poder de haz?r y Substituir uno 6 mas Procu-radores baxo mi dho Procurador y lo dho otra vez afu gusto de revocary Generalmente to dezir hazer obrar Ma-hejardeterminarCumplir y finir todosy qualquicrmaterias y Cofas tocando las premiflas tan plcno ample y effectual a todos Intentos y propositos como yo ladha Constituante propia devia 6 podia hazer personalmente aunque la materia requeria mas Especial Authoridad que efta aque Comprehendido. Yo la dha Constituante Rattificando Concediendo teniend firme y Valido todoy qualquier Colo que mi dho procuradtrr 6 fits Substituidos haran en y tocando las Premiflas por Virtud de las presentes En testimonio de lo qual he a efto puefto mi Mano y Sella dia 15 de Agojlo Annoque Domini 1746 en el Anno 20

de la Reyna de fu Majestad.

Dia 6 de Jn/ioAnno Dom. 1747. Delante mi Samuel

Martyn Notario Publico viviendo en por Au-

toridad Royal legalmente admitido y Juradoyen prefencia de 10s testigos abaxo mcncionados Pefonalmente parecio’ D" Andres Pringle de Londres Mercante elqual pro-duciendo ami dho Notario un Original Poder baxo la mano y Sello de Maria Henry de en Ingalatierra Nueva Viuda de Guiltier mo Henry de Boston Marinero de-funto a Puerto Mahon datado dia 5 de 1746 O. S.

la Copia Authenticadel qual efta antes eferito; Porvirtud de lo qual y de la poder de Substitution en ella y por ella a el dado y concedido por haver hecho ordenado Substituido y a puntado y por la presente haze ordena Snbftituya y apunta Dn 'Thomas Ajkew de Londres Marinero que haze Viage a Gibraltar y Puerto Mahon fu Vcr-dadero y Legal Substituido y Procurador Dando y por la presente concediendo aldho Thomas Ajkew lamefma llena poder y Authoridad de pedir demandar pretender reco-brar y recivir de todos y qualfequer Persona 6 Performs a quien toca 6 partenece todas Deudas Suma 6 Sumas de Dinero Divido pagable y perteneciente al eftado del dho Guilliermo Henry sea porl'u Salario Defembolfam*0’ 6 porel Salario de fu Criado 6 Criados a bordo qualquier Navio 6 Navio^ 6 por razon 6 medio de qualfequier otro ma- terio 6 cause y dedar recivos 6 defcargos por lo dho como en dho poder efta dado a dho Andres Pringle y Ge-neralinente eny tocando lo Contenido de hazer y Exe-cutar todo y quanto fera requisito y necessario tan ample y Effectual atodos Intentos Constructiones y propositos como dho Andrew Pringle podia por virtud del dha recitado Poder en Cafo que fuerapersonalmente presente hecho y pafado en Londres aribo dho en prefencia de Thomas Gilbert y Joseph Shank testigos a efto re-querido.

Andrew Pringle. L. S.

Selladoy Entregado en prefencia de Thomas Gilbert.

Joseph Shak.

L. S. In veritatis testimonium.

Sam1 , Not. Pub.

1747*

Nofotros abaxo firmado Certificamos que el Senor Samuel Marty quien ha firmado la arriva es Notario publico praticando cri Londres fiel y legal y que afus Autos dan fee y Credito en Juizio Corte y fuera de ella Enteftimonio delo qual firmamos efto de nueftros manos en Londres dia 6 de Julio de 1747.

A bra1 Ogier, Not* Pub*

1747-

Tho* Booking, Not’ Pub*

- 1747.

Mr. Dalby, Mahon, May the 20th 1745.

Sir, Please to pay, or cause to be paid, unto . John Shields, or Order, the Sum of Ten Pounds Nine-

teen Shillings and Nine Pence, Sterling, for Wages due

, 18 ‘

on board the Britannia, and place the feme to Account of the said Ship, as per Advice from,

To

Sir,

Mr. Francis Dalby, Your most humble Servanr, Merchant, in London.

IVm

N. B. This my First being paid, the Second to stand void. IV. If.

Dia 18 Dezicmbre 1748.

Compareeio en efta Curia del Vice adg8 de Menorca Eduardon Guffet'e 1 qual expone afu Mag* Que el Navio la Bretaha, fu Cap. W'n Henry le efta deviendo por fu

Salario 57 £.i8x* 8 penicos ycomo por muchas dili-

gencias haya echo,- no haya podido lograr la paga de a dicha Suma: Portanto recure a V’ Mag* para que lefea administrado todo cumplimiento de Justicia que implora omni ett.

Dicho Dia Compareeio en efta Curia del Vice adg° de Menorca Samuel Sivane el qual expone & fu Mag*. Que el Navio la Bretaha fu Cap. IV" Henry le efta deviendo por fu falario tOj£. 19 x’ Y como por muchas diligencias haya echo no haya podido lograr la paga de dicha luma Portanto recure a V. Mag* para que le tea administrado todo Cumplimiento de Justicia que Implora Omni ett.

Dize efta parte de Honorato Curador elegido

por V. Mag* de los Aufentcs queno confta en proceflo legitimam" Nec Modo quo de Jure requiritur de los Creditos pretendidos porlos opueftos en la presente Caula contra el Navio la Bretah por efto deven fer Ile-pellldos de fu demanda et a limine presentis Judetij cum expenfarum omnium Condemnatione Litis et extra et signanter Federick Shepchard por Conftar en Processo de las declaraciones' de los testigos a fu instancia re-cividos lo contrario de lo por el pretendido como es dever enlas mefmas a quienes fe refiere & quod postulat omni meliori modo, lAc.

Dia 6 Febrero 1748. Compareeio en efta Curia del Viceadg0 de Menorca John Shield elqual expone a fu Mag* Que el Navio la Bretaha fu Cap. Henry le efta deviendo por fu Salario de Marin* diez libras eftarlinas y diez y nueve Xelines y nueve penicos como Confta del papel que presenta vt Inferatur; y por efto recurre a V. Mag* para que le sea administrado todo Cumpli-m* de justicia que Implora omni ett.

I. H. S.

El Muy Magnifico Do<stor Gabriel Olivar y Pardo Cavallero Corniirario del Tribunal del Viceading* de Menorca Haviendo vifto la presente Cause de concurto de Acreadores fobreel Navio la Bretaha, fu Cap" Guillermo Henry los quales pidieron fuefle vendido el dicho Navio en publica Almoneda como en efledlo sue Vendido y rematado al Senor Salvador Canjino por el precio de Dofmil V ocho Cientos peflos para que fuefien pagados defus respective Creditos; Y porque es precifo y necesserio repartir y dividir cl referido dinero entre los Acreadores del referido Navio y entre los que de drecho tengan lugar: Portanto pafla fu Mag* a repartir y dividir el dicho dinero en la manera quefefigue Invocando primeram* el Nombre de Dios. Primeramente fe adju-dica a favor del presente Tribunal fetenta peflos plata por el Salario del Comiflario a razon de dos y medio por Ciento como es coftumbre.

Segundariamente fe adjudica por los gaftos del Regi-strador como son eferituras, inventario y gaftos de Ma-rifcalTreinta peflos.

Terceramente fe adjudica a los Marineros de dicho Navio fus respective Salarios porque quando fe Vendc algun Navio a Instancia de Acreadores son pagados pri-mero los Marineros del Navio en aquello que fe les efta deviendo por Sus foldadas y estes fin haver de dar ni-preftar Caution de reftituhiias porque en aquel precio ninguno es primero en timpo ni mejor en drecho que los dichos Marineros.

Y haviendo

lift Geo. III.

Man,

953

Y haviendo mtrado y regonocido el Libro dequen-tas del Cap'1 Hairy en elqual confta de los dias que lus rc^icdlive Marineros entraron en el Servicid de fu Navio y de eifueron defpachados loque cadauno de ellos ganava y tenia recibido: Sc enquentra que a Benjamin Cran/lon fe le efta deviendo Quinientos noventa y un peffos y quartro reales a Benjamin Briant ducientos treinta y un peilos y quartro reales a Eduardo ducientos ochcnta y nueve pelTos finco reales y feys dobleros a Samuel Wane Sinquentay Seis jieflos y qua-tro reales a Jayme Alexander Ciento onze peffos y uh rea a John Hemmitt ducientos y quinze peflos finco reales y nueve dobleros a JuanJa fetenta y tres peffos hete reales y doze Dobleros a John Wane Ducientos Se-tenta y neuva peffos y feis realis a Shep-

herd Ciento y diez y fiete peilos a John Sheilds (inquenta y dos peffos tres reales y nueve dobleros i Y por que del referido Salario que queda adjudicado k favor delos Marin* feles ha deducido Salvo error de questa Sined Libras Sterlinas y dos Xelines per lo que ellos han de pagar al Hospital General de Grenwich y es niuya razon Conforme que el dicho Dinero Tea satisfechoa los Administratores del dicho Hospital Portanto fe ad-judica a favor del mefmo todas las quales partidas en una juntas hazen Suma de Dos mil Ciento tre inta y dos p* y hete reales y las mefmas deducidas 6 rebaxa-das de las 2, 800 p* por cuyo precio sue rematado el Navio la Brit ana queda aun para repartir 667 p’ 1 r1 Cuyo dinero fe adjudica y declara a favor de los Here-deros del Cap" Wm Henry porfu Salario a questa de las Ciento Selenta. Libras y diez Xelines Efterlinas que el Navio le efta deviendo por el Salario de Capitan a razon de Seys libras pormes Dandoles recurfo por el Cumpli-miento de dichas 160 £. 10 x*. contra los Proprietaries del referido Navio 6 contra quien de drecho tengan lu-gar; Obligandofe como fe obliga a los Heredoros del dicho Cap" endar questa a dichos Proprietaries hel referido Navio de los Viages y flexes que de antes havia ganado el dicho Navio.

Pero como elmefmo Capitan Hey, alos 30 Abril 1745, hizo una obligacion 6 Vale de Sinquenta libras Sterlinas a favor de los Senores Ferrand Miller y Com-pania y alos 23 de Septiembre de dicho ario hizo otra obligacion a Juan Sthephens de 28 f. 4X. y a 23 De-ziembre de dicho ano hizo otra almifmo Sthephens de p* 185. 7. 13. Cuyas partidas hazen fuma de 575. 7. 13. y sea muy justo que dicho dinero sea satisfccho Portanto fe adjudica a los referidos Miller y Stevens fu respective dinero y fe deduciran de las 667. 1. que quedan adjudicadas a favor del Cap" Henry; y por-que la Ropa que fe ha Vendido del referido Cap. figun inventario ha importado p* 66 delos quales deducidos ,19 p*. que el presente Tribunal pago por el entierro del dho Cap" quedan a fu favor 47 p* los quales junto conla otra partida l'fquida y clara que fbn Noventa y un peffos un real y Sinco dobleros hazen fuma de Ciento treinta y ochop* un real y Sinco dobleros Y los mefmos leentregaran al Senor Abraham Mills Fia’ substituhido de D" Thomas Ajlew este i),or Substituhido de Andres Pringle de Londres veste Procurador General de Maria Henry Como Ash fe provehe y manda Dado en la Curia del Viccading" de Menorca a 20 Junio 1748.

Olivar& Pardo Com* Vicead11’.

Fue publicada la ante Sen* a Abraham Mills y todos los Intereffados dia dela mefma pormi Fran00 Reg*' Sub1'' del Tribunal del Vice Acting* de Menorca Qr* etf.

He recibido yo cl Infraefcrito del presente Tribunal Sinquenta y dos p* tres reales y nueve dobleros por tan-tos quedan adjudicados k favor de John Sheilds M" Sen* como atras es de ver y por la verdaad lo firmo demi Mano en Mahon de Menorca cl 21 Junto 1748.

He recibido yo el Senor Abraham abaxo firtndd del presente Tribunal como P*10' Substituhido del Senor Andres Pringle de %ondres y este de la Maria Henry 138 P’ 1 r1 5d* portantos quedan adjudicados a fu favor en dicho nombre por q" ddj Salario del Cap. W" Henry sobre fu Navio la BretanWt por fer la Verdad lo firmo d« mi Mano. En Mahon de Menorca a 21 Jufiio 1748.

Dalby*

Petition for

Compcu fation*

p 138

Abram Mills.

He recibido yo el infraefcrito del presente Tribunal Ducientos Sinquenta peffos plata portantos tenia de Credito sobre el Navio la Bretana del Cap" Henry y los mefmos me son adjudicados M,e ia antecedente Sentencia de Su Mag* y por fer la Verdad lo firmo de mi Mano. En Mahon, de la Ifla de Menorca k 4 Julio de 1748.

250 P*

Joseph Miller.

p‘ 52 3 9 Voz. 32.

W" Robertson.

Vice Admiralty Court of the island of (L.S.) norca.

A true Copy of the Original Process; Mahon the 3 April 1765.

Zebulun Marlines, Acts Reg'.

Translated from the

The Proceedings in Regard to the Ship Britannia, whereof William Henry, of the British Nation, is Commander; in the Vice Admiralty Court of Minorca.

On the 3d Day of November 1745, Personally appeared before your Worship in the present Tribunal of the Vice Admiralty of Minorca, Mr. Michael Harris, who declared, That Captain William Henry, of the British Nation, Commander of the Ship Britannia, stands indebted unto him in the Sum of Forty-three Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Penee, Sterling, as appears by the Bill and Account he presented; which had been protested, by reason whereof he applies to your Worship* and prays that an Embargo may be laid on the said Ship, the same having been supplied for the said Ship’s Ac--count, and been p’rotefted by the Proprietor of the said Ship; the which he hopes your Worship in the Up-rightness of your Justice will grant, &c.

On the same Day appeared Mr. Joseph Miller, a Merchant, who declares to your Worship, That Captain William Henry is indebted unto him in Two hundred and Fifty Pesos, as appears by the Policy which he presented ut Inferatur, for which Credit he hypothecated his laid Ship Britannia; > and therefore prays she may be Embargoed and Sequestered for the securing his said Credit i the which he hopes your Worship in the Up-rightness of your Justice will grant, &c.

On the same Day appeared Benjamin Cransion, who declares, That Captain William Henry, of the Ship Britannia, is indebted unto him in One hundred Eighteen Pounds Ten Shillings, Sterling, which is due unto him for his Wages, as Carpenter thereof, as appears by the Account he presents ut Inferatur, and for which his Credit is admitted; and there are many others who claim a Credit against the said Ship: And therefore he prayS you will be pleased to order that the said Ship may be Embargoed and Sequestered, that he may be paid his Credit; the which he hopes your Worship in the Up-rightness of your Justice will grant, &c.

On the same Day appeared Benjamin Bryant, who set a Claim against the said Ship, of the said Captain William Henry, to the Amount of Forty-three Pounds Six Shillings, Sterling, which is due unto him for Wages, for the "Time he served on board the said Ship Britannia: And therefore he prays that his Credit may be admitted

upon

954 4° Maii. 1776.

balby’s' upon the said Ship, and for that Purpose that (he may TVibunal of the Vice Admiralty of Salvador

foro*1 be Secured and Sequestered, it being nothing more than Corcos, who declares to your Worship, That ^Jfome

Compenfttion. Justice, &c. w Months past there came to his Shop Six English Sailors, On the same Day appeared Edward Gnilfet, who repre- belonging to the Ship , Capt William

fonted, That Captain William Henry was indebted unto who (or {undry of them) were without Shoe% Stockings, h’rm in Fifty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight and every Kind of Apparel, in order that he might fell

Pence, Sterling, for his Wages, as a Mariner, on board them a small Matter of Apparel upon Credit; but the

the said Ship; And therefore prays (he may be Sequef- Appearer perceiving that neither of them could give tered and Sold, according to the Custom of this Court of Security, came to your Worship’s House, in order to learn Justice, &c. if he might let them have a small Matter of Apparel,

On the same Day appeared John Jameson, who declares and if he were certain of his being satisfied for the fame; to your Worship, that Captain William Henry is indebted whereupon your Worship being moved with Companion, unto him inTwelve Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence sent for the said Capt. as well as for the

Sterling, for his Wages, as a Mariner, on board the said Mariners belonging to the said Ship, and perceiving their Ship Britannia, as appears by the Account he presents; great Necessity, and Want of Apparel, and the said and as there are many Creditors, as well as the De- Captain promising to pay the said Mariners their Wages, clarant, who are privileged, he therefore prays that his and that without Doubt they, the said Mariners, would Credit may be ordered to be paid, it being but Justice, pay for the necessary Apparel they should take up, gave &c. them Thirty Pesos in Silver, and having once and many

On the 4th December 1745 appeared John Stevens Times afterwards demanded the said Money, he could Bequer, who declares to your Worship, That Captain never obtain the fame, cither from the said Captain of William Henry is indebted unto him.in One hundred the Mariners; he therefore prays your Worship would Eighty-five Pesos, Seven Reals and Thirteen Dobleros, be pleased to order that if the said Captain (lands the which he lent him for Provisions, as appears by the indebted to the said Mariners for their Wages, and pro-Papers which he presents, and allb Twenty-eight Pounds mifed to satisfy him for the said Thirty Pesos, when your Four Shillings, Sterling, the which he, this Declarant, Worship was moved with Companion to order Apparel paid for the Account of the said Captain, unto his to be given to the said Mariners, to the Amount of Mariners, as likewise appears in the said Papers: And Thirty Pesos, which is at the Hate of Five Pesos each, therefore he prays, that the said Ship may be Embargoed that he pay me the said Money, or otherwise that One and Sequestered, according to the Custom of this Court, of the said Ship’s Decks be fold, and that the whole be it being but Justice, &c, conducted according to Justice, until he shall obtain

Onthe 6th December 1745 appeared Frederick Shepherd, the Amount of his said Money; all which he prays,

who declares to your Worship, That Captain William See.

Henry is indebted unto him in Twenty-three PoundsEight Shillings, Sterling, for Ten Months and Twenty Days N* I.

Wages, as a Mariner, as appears by the Paper he pre- Capt.

fents; and as there are many other Creditors, he therefore Sir, Mahon, y* 20th 1745.

prays that his Credit may be ordered to be paid, it being Please to pay, or cause to be paid, unto Mr. John but Justice, &c. Stevens, the Sum of Twenty-eight Pounds, Four Shil-

On the 10th November 1745 Let an exasfl Inventory lings, for Value teccived; and place the same to Acco* be taken of the said Ship Britannia, and every Thing in of, her contained, as prayed for by the Creditors, in order Sir,

that thereafter Proceedings may be carried on according Your most humble Servant,

to Law and Custom, &c. Mahon, Sepr 20th, 1745. Dan1 Wane*

Olivar and Pardo, Judge of the Vice Admiralty, Excepted, W* . on the 2d Day of December 1745.

N# 2.

To the Most worshipful Judge of the Vice Admiralty.

With all due Respect Benjamin Cranston, Benjamin Bryant, Edward Guffet, and John Jameson, Mariners, on board the Ship called the Britannia, whereof Captain Hrtlliam Henry is Commander, represent to your Worship, That their said Captain (lands indebted unto them in the Sum of Two hundred and Forty Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence, English Money, for their Wages; tire which Sum the said Captain declares he is not capable of paying, by reason that his Merchants do not remit him Money for that Purpose.

That their said Captain, over and besides his not paying your Petitioners their Wages, now declares, That he is not capable of supplying them with Provisions; by Teafon whereof your Petitioners, with the most profound Respect, pray your Worship to take their same into Consideration, and do them Justice, it being impossible that People can live without either Money, or any Kind of Maintenance whatsoever; and as so long a Time hath elapsed since the said Ship was employed, and there is no Appearance or Probability that the Merchants, her Proprietors, will remit Money for the paying of your Petitioners, they therefore pray your Worship would be pleased to order their said Captain immediately to pay and discharge them, or to fell the said Ship at Public Sale for that Purpose: And they pray God may preserve your Worship many Years, &c.

On the 3d of June 1743, appeared in the prefect 22

Mr. Dalby,

Sir, Mahon, May the 20th 1743.

Please to pay, or canfe to be paid, unto John Or Order, the Sum of Forty-three Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence, Sterling, for Wages due on board the Britannia; and place the same to Acco* of the said Ship as per Advice from,

Sir,

Your most humble Serv*,

To Mr. Francis Dalby, Wm Henry.

Merch' in London.

N. B. This my First being paid, the Second to (land void. Wm Henry.

Pay to Mr. Mich1 Harris, or Order, Value in Acco’.

Mahon, 25th June 1745. Jn° Hemmett.

For me to Mr. Rick1 Harris, or Order, Value in Acco*.

Mahon, 26th June 1745. Mich1 Harris.

On the 27th Day of August 1745, at the Request of Mr. Rich'1 Hatris, of London, Merch', I John Da Cojla, Notary and TabelHon Public, dwelling in London, by Royal Authority duly admitted and sworn, went with the original Bill of Exch1, whereof the Copy is above, to the late Dwelling House of Mr. Francis Dalby, to whom tho same is directed, there to demand Payment thereof; where having exhibited the same to u

Gentleman,

io Geo. III.

4° Mali.

955

Gentleman, and demanded of him if the said Mr Dolbyor Order, the Sum of Forty-three Pounds Two Shil-

tVipr^ nr Karl Ipft any Orrlrrt fnr Pflvmpnt of tKp Knave anrl \Tin« £>» W rt/TAC /liiA rvn Isrtaivl

Dalbv

y’l Pcti Uftik

the Britannia; and place the same to Account of the c*mp£nfttioc. (hid Ship, as per Advice from.

Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

To Mr. Tho' Dalbyi,

Merchant in London.

N. B. This my First being paid, the Second to stand void. *

7.d.c»iHS:

was there, or had left any Orders for Payment of the lings and Nine Pence sterling, for Wages due on board laid Bill; he answered. That Mr. Dalby was just gone from thence, and had left no Orders; upon which Answer, I, the said Notary, at the Request aforesaid* did, and do, solemnly protest against the Drawer of the said Bill, and all others concerned, for Change, Re-change, and all Costs, Damages, and Interests, differed, and to be suffered, for want of Payment of the did Bill, thus done and protested in London aforesaid, in the Presence of Antony Weldonand John Eckles, Witnesses hereunto

required.

(L. S.) In Testimonium Veritatis

JohannesD’Acofia, Not’ Pub.

*745*

N* 3.

Pay to Mr. Michael Harris, or Order, Value in Account. John Hemmitt.

Mahon, 25th June 1745.

For me to Mr. Richard Harris, or Order, Value in

Account. Michael Harris.

Mahon, 26th June 1745.

N* 4.

Mr. Dalby, Mahon, May the 20th, 1745.

Sir,

Fleale to pay, or cause to be pud, unto John Hmmetty

N# 3.

Received of Messrs* Bt and Ferr and, % Miller and

C*. Two hundred and Fifty Dollars, Silver, being the Value of Fifty Pounds, Sterling, which Messrs. Benjamin Barbdiid and Son, of Georder them to pay me for the Use of my Ship Britannia; and I do hereby promise to be accountable to them for the dune.

Mahon, 30 April 1745.

Signed Duplicates foil the lame,

P. ±50 Silver.

JV" Henry i

Dr the Ship Britannia for the following Articles; to wit.

To Captain Henryfor his Wages Benjamin Cransion, D* Benj" Bryant -

John JameJon.

EdurGulfet

Sum Total

£ 166 id o

- 118 16 o

46 6 o

- 12 15 10

57 18 8

£. 402 6 6

Frederick Shepherd', as Mariner on Board the Britannia, William Henery, Master, the 2d June 1743, and discharged

by Ditto the 2ad April 1744, is Ten Months and 20 Days, at 45 per Month Greenwich Hospital, at 6 d. per £. deducted -

£ 24

Captain William Henry Df to John Stevens.

Novenf y* 23d. 1745. For the Use of the Ship Britannia, the Sum of -

W'" Henry.

O’ Capt* Henry to John Jameson.

To the Amount of his Wages from}

i<th April 1744, to 20th September, I r

Five Months and 5 Days, at 2. f *’

10.per Month J

Dr Cap. to Guffet. To the Amount of his Wages from'

20th Off 1743, to the vttrf *745, being 25 Months,

£. 2. 10. per Month <

y to Ed-aT Lrujfef. ages from}

««-

Dr Cap. Henry to Bryant. To the Amount of his Wages, from}

the 20th Off 1743, to 30th April f - ,

1745, being 18 Months and 101 *

Days - . J.-. . —

6 0

per Contra.

By Greenwich Hospital By Balance

pet Contra By Money rec* at Grave fend - -

By more D° - -

By paid Besy. Cransion, by his Order

By 3 lb. of Tobacco -

By L inen at Cagliari -By Money lent - - *

By more D* - -

By Greenwich Hospital -

By Balance *

per Contra By ready Money received By D° for Soap and Tobacco By Greenwich Hospital By Balance -

- 0 11 O

£ 13 8 O

CO *-« 7 13

Cr

£ 2 6

- 12 *5 IO

£ 12 18 4

Cr

C 10 d

0 5 0

- 0 7 1

- 0 1 4

- d 2 IO

- d 8 0

0 4 9

- 0 12 3

57 18 8

£ 62 Io 0

c*

£ Z to 0

0 1 6

- 0 9 0

- 43 6 6

£ 4 6

Vol. 32,

n L

Debtor

th Iby’s Petition for

Compeirfntion*

956

108

Debtor Captain Henry to Benjtt Cranston.

To the Amount of his Wages, for his Service on board the Ship from the 6th Day of OSlor 1743, until the 19th Day of NovemT 1745, being 25 Months and 14 Days, at £. 4. 5*. per Month -To Money given to Jn° by his Order —

To D° to Tho' West -

To D° to Jn° Prion Skelton - - - 2

To D* to Glove Low - —

To D’ to Edwd Guffet -

To Money knt him in England 7

To D* paid for Provisions - 1

To D* lent ---- 1

To D*.....18

Mali.

A. 1770.

s.

*5

8

*3

9

7

7

10

3

12

4

2

per Contra Cr.

By Money rec* at Gravesend By more D° for 2 Pr Shoes - - —

By more D* to mend a I. of Boots and a 7 _

Pair of Shoes - - - - J

Bv ready Money -

By D*....

By D* - -

By Greenwich Hospital By ready Money.

By D* -

£ 4 5 ~

— 11 —

- — 26

3 —

2 —

12 —

8 —

8 —

5

11

£ 22 14 — .

— By Balance

118 16

I H1 10

I- 14* «o —

On the 8 th Day of January 1746.

Delivered by John Antony Nuncio, Six Cadiras, in favour of Mr. John Pons and Pons -Item, One Calk of Pell, in favour of Doer Bartholomew Item, One Mirall to Gims Scedelen

Item, Eight Parells of Caltas to John Magrino ——

Item, One Parcll of white Gloves to Father Deya -

Item, another, in favour of Matcx -

On the 26 th Day.

N. B. The Whole of this Account is neither English, French, or Spanish; but a Compound, not to be translated j but amounts in the Whole to -

14 —

4 9

1 5 *"

— 1 13

----12

66 — —

On the 10th Day of December 1745.

Constituted personally the most worshipful Doctor Gabriel Olivar and Pardo, Knight, Judge, Commissary of the Court of Vice Admiralty of Minorca, together with the Bartholomew Deya, Notary, and Deputy Register of the said Court, for the Ship Britannia, Cap' William Henry.

On the 11 th Day of December 1745, appeared in this present Court of Vice Admiralty, Mr. Michael Harris, and the other Persons interested; who represent to your Worship; that, supposing that the Ship Britannia Cap. William Henry, of the Nation, was fe-

questered or inventoried, and the Sale thereof delayed, the same would be a considerable Detriment, not only to the Proprietor, but also to the other Persons interested therein, by Realbn that there are Two Years that the said Ship hath laid in this Port, without being careened; and therefore it is to be supposed, without Difficulty, that file is damaged, and runs a great Rilk of sinking; especially, according to what they can learn, nukes a great deal of Water: They therefore pray your Worship would be pleased to order the Sale of the said Ship to be proceeded upon (your Worlliip previously appointing a Representative for the absent Proprietor or Proprietors, unto whom they may make and serve their Proceedings according to Custom) as w'ell for the lepa-rating the Proprietorship, aS for the other Necclfaries by Law required; it being Justice only they pray for, (Ac.

On the 13th Day of December 1743, appeared in the Kegiftry of the Vice Admiralty of Minorca, Captain William Henry, of the British Nation, Commander of the Ship Britannia; who rcprelents to your Worlliip; that the Ship Britannia is indebted unto him in One hundred and Sixty Pounds Ten Shillings, Sterling, as appears by the Account which he presents, the liuue being for Wages, as Commander thereof , and as the said Ship is in a ruinated Condition, in io much that Ihe makes Abundance of _Water; and, as lie hath not Monies sufficient for her Preservation; he therefore agrees that Ihe may be ibid, for the Benefit of the Persons

interested, and that the Produce thereof be deposited penes Curium of your Worship; which they all pray, (Ac.

His Excellency having heard the aforegoing Repre-fentation, and seen the other Requests made by the other Creditors; the whole of whom request and pray for the Sale of the said Ship Britannia, as well for the Security of their Credits, as for the Interest of the Proprietors of the said Ship themselves, on account of the Danger flic runs; doth therefore order the facie to be sold at Public Sale, and by the Voice of an Auctioneer, for the greatest Price that may offer, the Produce of which shall be de-poiited under the Authority of our Court, until such Time a Sentence of Adjucation and Liquidation shall be made thereof.

And for that Purpose, there shall be the necessary Orders and Dispatches made, according to Custom, and a Notification in Conformity, (Ac.

Olivar and Pardo, Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court of Minorca.

On the 16th Day of January 1746, appeared in the Registry of the Vice Admiralty Court of Mr.

Joseph Miller, as Attorney to Daniel Wane-, who re-presents to your Worship; that Captain William Henry Hands indebted unto him in the Amount of the Contents of the Paper, which he now presents, for his Wages as Mate; and therefore he demands the same in the most Iblemn Form by Law required.

On the same Day appeared in the Registry of the Vice Admiralty of Minorca, William Foxor-, who allb laid

a Claim, for that the said Captain Henry is indebted unto him, in Manner, as mentioned in the Paper he presents; for which he prays to be satisfied.

On the 24th of January 1746, appeared in the Registry of the Vice Admiralty of Minorca, Samuel;

Who-opposed the Condemnation of the Ship,

by Realbn of Sixteen Pounds Nineteen Shilling*, Sterling, which flic is indebted unto him; and for which he prays he may be satisfied, (Ac.

On the same Day appeared James Marcandar; who

opposed

io Geo. III.

Mail

957

opposed the Condemnation of the said Ship, by Reason that (he Hands indebted unto him in Twenty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence; the which he prays he may be satisfied.

On the 31st of January 1746, appeared in the Re* giftry of the Vice Admiralty of Frederick Shep-

herd, who represents to your Worship; that for the bet-v ter elucidating the Truth, he prays that sundry Persons may be sworn; to wit, Hugh Stewart, and the Captain Conly who will say and declare, if the Appearer served on board the said Ship Britannia, Captain Henry,

and if he was hired by the said Captain as Cook, c On the 1 ft of February 1746,

Let it be done as prayed, and intimated accordingly.

Signed Olivar and Pardo,

Judge of the Vice Admiralty. The same was intimated to the Concerned, on the Day of the Date thereof.

On the 1 ft of February 1746.

Captain Charles Conly, of Mahon, a Witness produced, of the Age of Forty Years, who, upon Oath which he took upon the Bible, tdc. by the Hands of his Worship, promised to declare the Truth, to all such Questions as should be asked him; and being interrogated on the Contents of the aforegoing Petition, which was read unto him, (dc. declared, that what he knows is. That Frederick Shepherd was One of the Mariners of Captain Henry's Ship; but he knows not what Time he served the said Captain; that he hath frequently talked with the said Captain Henry, who told him, that he would pay him with the First Money he got; and this Declarant knows that he afterwards gave the said Frederick Three Bills of Exchange, upon his Ship’s Merchant, in order to pay him; and this is the Truth, upon the Oath he had taken: This was read unto him, and he signed the same with his own Hand.

Charles Conly.

On the same Day.

Hugh Stewart, an Inhabitant of Mahon, a Witness produced, of the Age of Twenty-five Years, who, upon the Oath he took, protnifed to declare the Truth to such Questions as should be asked him; and, being interrogated upon the Contents of the aforegoing Petition, which was read unto him, he declared, That he knows that Frederick Shepherd failed Four Months with Captain Henry, but that he knows not if he was paid by the said Captain or not; nor doth he know if he gave him any Bill whatsoever, for to recover the same from the Merchant of the said Ship; which is the Truth upon the Oath he had taken: Which being read unto him, he signed the same with his own Hands.

Hugh Stewart.

I, Peter Antony Carrio, Notar}' Public, and an Inhabitant of the Town of Mahon, in the Island of Minorca, do certify and attest; That Daniel Wane, of the English Nation, personally appeared before me in the Town of Mahon, in the same Island, on the fifth Instant; and, for divers good Causes him thereunto moving, in the best Way, Form, and Manner possible, gave and granted all his Power and Authority, as much as by Law required, unto Joseph Miller then present, &c. — In order for him, and rcprclenting his proper Person, to alk, demand, receive, have, and recover, all and whatsoever Sums of Money, and other Effects, due and owing unto him, by any Person or Persons, of what Degree or Quality whatsoever j and particularly, what may be due unto him from the Captain of the English Merchant Ship or Vessel called The Britannia, whereof William Henry is Mailer, on Account of Wages due unto him, as Mate of the said Vessel, during such Time as he belonged unto her; upon Receipt thereof, or any other whatsoever for him, to grant Acquittances and Discharges, idc. and if his Credits should be deposited, his said Attorney to take them therefrom, and, lor that Purpose, to bind Vol. 32.

all his Effects, and in his Name to give any Security D»lbv'«

Whatsoever, the same to lerve by Way of Indemnity, C2Y. Peotwa

and in same of Need, his said Attorney to appear in any Conip^CaiBr Court of Judicature, and before all Judges, Justices, and Tribunals, giving and presenting Petitions, Requi-fitorials, and Protests, i£c. and lallly, irt Cale any -Process should require more ample Authority than is given to his Attorney, he hereby declares, from this present Time, to have given and granted unto him the fame, (dc. as by the said Act more fully appears, to

which, for greater Certainty, I refer: To which were present as Witnesses, Mr. Nicholas Falconet, a Swift, and Thomas Beayer, an Englishmen, who were in Person in the said Town of Mahon; In Faith and Testimony of the Truth whereof, I have granted these Presents, which I have written with my Own Hand, and signed the same notarially in my own Name, at Mahon, in Minorca, the 6th of November 1745, at the llequelt of the Attorney.

L. S. Peter. Anto°Carrio, Not* Pub.

N° 6.

Mr. Francis Dalby. Mahon, October 6th, 1745. Sir, Please to pay, or cause to be paid, this my Second Bill; First and Third, of the same Tenor and Date, not being paid; unto Daniel Wane, or Order, the Sum of Fifty- eight Pounds Eleven Shillings, Sterling, being for his Wages due on Board your Ship Britannia, and place the same to account of the said Ship, as per Advice from. Sir, your most humble Servant,

Wm.

To Mr. Francis Dalby,

Merchant in London.

March 26th 1745.

I promise to pay to W* Fox, or Order, Three Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling, for Value received.

..... ..... per Henry.

£ 3 8 9

Det' z 1 more

51

To all and ever}' Person, who intend, arid are willing to purchase the Vessel called T he Britannia, Captain William Henry, which Vessel is at present riding at Anchor in this present Port of Mahon, together with all her Appurtenances, as let forth in the annexed Lift or Inventory thereof, the which are to be sold by the Tribunal of the Vice Admiralty of Minorca, by and with the Consent of the said Captain William Henry, as appears by his Declaration of the 15th Instant; and by virtue of the Proceedings made on the said Declaration, supported by the Requell of several Creditors of the said Vessel Britannia, as more fully appears in the Process recorded in the said Tribunal s Be it known unto the Purchaser, be he whom he may, that he shall give unto the Broker, upon the Day of the Delivery, the Amount of the Purchase in ready Money, which is to be pai$ and deposited in the Custody of the said Registry, immediately upon the Delivery thereof, either in Silver Money, or Portugal Gold \ such Monies being to satisfy all the Creditors. Item, Be it known that the said Tribunal will sign the Act of the said Vessel the Britannia, containing all the necessary Clauses, according to Custom: And lastly, the Purchaser is to observe. that over and besides the above, he is to pay the Re* gifter’s Charges, and those of the Broker, for the Delivery, at the Rate of P. 4. for each and every Pound: I do lay and order the said Delivery to be at Public Sale, Milienfant Aimes de Preu, offering as Broker. Dated at Mahon in Minorca, the 18th December 1745.

Olivar and Pardo,

Judge of the Vice Admiralty.

By Order of his Worship, the Judge.

Barth" Deya, Not. Pub. and Acting Register.

On

958

4° Mail.

A\ 1770.

Dtlby'*

fem.on

for

Compensation.

On the 30th January 1746, appeared in the Registry of the Vice Admiralty of Mr. Michael

Harris, Mr. Joseph Miller, Benjn Cranston, Benjamin Bryant, John Stephen Becker, and John Jameson; who represent to your Worship, that, for the greater Validity, and carrying into Execution the aforegoing Proceedings, it is necessary, and by Law required, that a Curator should be appointed, to be made a Party in the present Cause, in the Name of the Absentees, to the End that the present Cause may be brought to a Con-dufion; the which they hope and pray, from the Rectitude of your Worship’s Justice, &c.

On the 30th January 1746, Let it be done as prayed; and to that Effect, I do appoint Honoratus Pisa.

Olivar and Par

Judge of the Vice Admiralty.

On the 17th of May 1746, appeared in the Registry of the Vice Admiralty of Minorca, Honorato Pisa, who, upon Oath, which he took upon the Holy Evangelists, promised that he had well and faithfully, in the Office of Curator to the Absentees, interested in the present Process; that he is appointed, elected, and named by his Worship, for the Benefit of the said Absentees, £f William Tremol and Raymond Pisa, being present, as

Witnesses, with me, Francifcus Segui, in the Room of the Register.

On the 18th December 1745, appeared in the Registry of the Vice Admiralty of Minorca, Daniel; who represents to your Worship, That Cap. William Henry {lands indebted unto him in Fifty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings Sterling, according to the Bill which is inserted in these Proceedings, being for his Wages, as his Mate; and as he hath not been able to obtain the Payment thereof, though he hath frequently requested the fame, he prays your Worship would be pleased to grant him Satisfaction; which he hopes from your Worship’s great Rectitude in Justice, I

On the 3d January 1746. Deliver by Purchase of Salvador Canfino, for 2,800 Pieces of Plate.

Know all Men by these Presents, that I, Mary Henry, of Boston in New England, Widow of William Henry, late of said Boston, Mariner, deceased, at Port Mahon, have constituted, ordained, and made, and in my (lead and Place put, and by these Presents do constitute, ordain, and make, and in my stead and Place put, Mr. Andrew Pringle, of the City of London, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, Merchant, to be my true, sufficient, and lawful Attorney, for me, and in my Name and stead, and to my Use, to alk, demand, levy, recover, and receive, of, and from all and every or any Person or Persons, whom it doth, shall, or may concern, all Debts, Sum and Sums of Money, due, owing, payable and belonging to the Estate of my laid late Husband, whether for his Wages, Disbursements, or for the Wages of his Servant or Servants, on Board any Ship or Ships, or Vessels whatsoever, or for, or by Reason or Means of any other Matter or Cause whatsoever; and, if need be, for me to take out Letters of Administration on said Estate, and aft fully for me in that Capacity; giving, and hereby granting, unto my said Attorney, my full and whole Strength, Power, and Authority, in and about the Premises, and to take and use all due Means, Course and Process in the Law, for the obtaining and recovering the lame, and of Recoveries and Receipts thereof; in my Name to make, seal, and execute due Acquittances, and Discharges; and for the Premises to appear, and the Person of me, the Constituent, to represent before any Governor, Judges, Justices, Officers, and Ministers of the Law whatsoever, in any Court or Courts of Judicature; and there on my Behalf to answer, defend, and reply, unto all Actions, Causes, Matters, and Things whatsoever, relating to the Premises, with full Power to make and substitute One or more Attornies, under my laid Attorney, and the >4

fame again at Pleasure to revoke, and generally to say, do, aft, transeft, determine, accomplish, and finish, all Matters, and Things whatsoever, relating to the Premises, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as I the said Constituent myself ought, or might, or could personally, although the Matter should require more (pedal Authority than is herein comprized; I, the said Constituent, ratifying, allowing, and holding firm and valid, all and whatsoever my said Attorney, or his Substitutes, Hull lawfully do, or cause to be done, in and about the Premises, by virtue of these Presents: In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, the Fifth Day of Annoque

Domini One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, in the Twentieth Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

Mary Henry, (L. S.)

Signed, sealed, and deli-'* vered in the Presence of David Hunter.

Sealed and delivered in Presence of nie 7ho' Hutchinson.

Suffolk, August 7th 1746. Then Mrs. Mary Henry, Widovy of William Henry, acknowledged the above In-strumentvhy her executed, to be her free Act and Deed, before me,

Joseph Wadsworth, Justice Peace.

William Henry and Mary Rigby were married by the Reverend Timothy Cutler, D. D. the 4th February

*738* .

A true Copy, as is entered with the Records of Marriages, widish tire Town of Boston, in New England.

Att‘ Ezekf GTown Clerk.

Boston, August 6th 1746.

Province of the Massachufelts Bay.

Richard Jennys, Notary and Tabellion Public, by Royal Authority duly admitted and lworn, dwelling and practising in Boston, in New England, do hereby certify all whom it doth or may concern, that Joseph Wadsworth, Esquire, is one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Suffolk, within the Province aforesaid, duly commissioned and sworn; and that Mr. Ezek1 Goldthwait is Town Clerk, in the Town of Boston-, and that to their Attestations (as above and on the Paper annexed) full Faith and intire Credit is, and ought to be given, both in Court and without: Wit-neis my Notarial Firm and Seal, this Seventh Day of August, A° Dorn. 1746.

(L. S.) Richd Jennys, Notr Pub. 1746.

On the Sixth Day of July Anno Dorn. 1747. Before me, Samuel Martyn, Notary and Tabellion Public, dwelling in London, by Royal Authority, duly admitted and sworn, and in the Presence of the Witnesses here-' after named, personally appeared, Mr. Andrew Pringle, of London, Merchant, who producing to me the said Notary, an original Letter of Attorney, under the Hand and Seal of Mary Henry, of Boston, in New England, Widow of William Henry, late of laid Boston, Mariner, deceased, at Port Mahon, bearing Date the fifth Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, the authentic Copy whereof is herebefore written, declared by virtue thereof, and of the Power of Substitution therein, and thereby to him given and granted, to have made, ordained, substituted, and appointed, and by these Presents doth make, ordain, substitute, and appoint, Thomas AJkew, of London, Mariner, now bound out on a Voyage to Gibraltar and Port Mahon, his true and lawful Substitute and Attorney; giving, and by these Presents granting, unto the said Thomas AJkew, the same full Power and Authority, to alk, demand, sue for, recover, and receive, of and from all and every or any Person or Persons, whom it doth, shall, or may concern,

all

i o Geo. III. a6 Mali. 959

mil Debts* Sum and Sums of Money, due, owing, payable, and belonging to the Estate of the said Williim Henry, whether for his Wages, Disbursements; or for the Wages of his Servant or Servants, on board any Ship or Ships, or Vessels whatsoever; or for or by Reason or Means of any other Matter or Cause whatsoever; and of giving Receipts and Discharges for the fame, as in and by the said Letter of Attorney is to him, the said Andrew Pringle, given and granted; and generally in and concerning the Premises, to do, perform, and execute, all and whatsoever shall be requisite and necessary, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as he the said Andrew Pringle might, or could do, by virtue of the said recited Letter of Attorney, in cale he was personally present: Thus done and puffed in London aforesaid, in the Presence of Thomas Gilbert, and Joseph Shank, Witnesses hereunto required. Andrew (L. S.)

Sealed and delivered in the Presence of)

Thef Gilbert, Joseph Shank. {

In Veritatis Testimonium,

(L. S.) Sant Martyn, Not. Pub.

We, the under-written, do certify, that Mr. Samuel Martyn, whose Firm is above, is a Notary and Tabellion Public, practiling in London, faithful and lawful; to whose Acts full Faith and Credit is given in Judgment Court, and thereout: Witness our Hands, in London, the Sixth Day of July, Anno Dorn, 1747.

AbrcT Ogier, Not* Pub* 1747.

Thet Booking, Not* Pub* 1747.

I do hereby invert the same Power and Authority, to me within given by Mr. Andrew Pringle, in Mr. Abraham Mills, of Mahon, Merchant: As witness my Hand in Mahon, in the Island of Minorca, this 31st Day of December 1747, O. S.

Th& (L. S.)

Witnesses present,")

J. Sutherland, >

Jif Smalridge, J

N. B. Here follows a Translation of the aforegoing Letter of Attorney, from Mary Henry, of Boston, to Andrew , of London, and the Substitution from the said Andrexv Pringle, of London, to Thomas AJkew, allb of London, but bound out on a Voyage to Gibraltar and Port Mahon, from the English into the Language; and as the said English is a Translation of the said Spanish, the Continuation thereof is therefore herein omitted, being unnecessary.

Mr. Daily, Mahon May the 20th 1745.

Sir, Please to pay, or cause to be paid, unto John Shields, or Order, the Sum of Ten Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence, Sterling, for Wages due on Board the Britannia; and place the same to Account of the said Ship, as per Advice from.

Sir, your most humble Servant,

To Mr. Francis Dal by, ?

Merchant, in London. J

N. B. This my First being paid, the Second to stand Void. W. H.

On the 18th December 1748, appeared in the Registry of the Vice Admiralty of Minorca, Edward who represents to your Worship, That the Ship Britannia, whereof William Henry is Commander, is indebted unto him in Fifty- seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence, for Wages; and as he has tried many ways to get the Payment of the said Sum, without effect, he therefore applies to your Worship, that Justice may be administered unto him: And prays, (Ac.

Vol. 32t

On thfc same Day appeared in the Reglrtxy o; the Vich i>alby'* Admiralty of Minorca, Samuel Swdne; who represents to JVmion your Wotship, That the Ship Britannia, Cap1 William Henry, is indebted unto him in Ten Pounds Nineteen ,0*-

Shillings, for Wages; and as he has tried many ways to get Payment of thfc laid Sum, without effect, he therefore applies to your Worship, that Justice may be administered unto him i And prays, (Air.

Honorato Piia, as Curator appointed by your Worship to the Absentees, declares. That it doth not appear by legal ProCels, and in Manner by Law required, from the pretended Credits of the Opposefsin the present Caule against the Ship Britannia, that they ought to be repealed from their Demand and Subsistence; and this present Judgment; with all Expence of Condemnation at Law, arid others; and assign Frederick Shcpheard to make appear, in the Process of the Declaration of Witnesses received at hii Request, the contrary of what is pretended by him, in order to fee, by them, to whom td refer the Matter, which he requested in the best Manner and Form, (Ac.

On the 6th of February 1748, appeared in the Registry of the Vice Admiralty of Minorca, John Shieldwho represents to your Worship, That the Ship Captain William Henry, is indebted unto him in Teh.

Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence, Sterling, for Wages as a Mariner; as appears by a Paper he produces, and is inserted: Arid therefore he applies to your Worship, that he may have full Justice administered unto him; the which he prays, (At.

The Most worlnipful DoCtof Gabriel Olivar and Pardo, Knight, Judge of the Vice Admiralty of norca, having seen the present Cause of the Joint Creditors of the Ship Britannia, whereof William Henry is Commander, who prayed, That the said Ship might be sold at public Sale; and that agreeable thereto Ihe hath been fold and delivered to Mr. Salvador Can/ino, for the Sum of Two thousand Eight hundred Pesos; and that the same might be paid to her respective Creditors; and as it is just and necessary to share and divide the said Money among the Creditors of the said Ship, and among those who are entitled by Law: therefore, his Worship proceeded to the said Partition and Division (previously invoking the Name of God) in Manner followings -viz.

Imprimis, He doth adjudge, in Favour of the present Tribunal, Seventy Pesos of Plate, for the Judge’s Salary, at the Rate of Two and One Half p Cent, according to Custom.

Secondly, He doth adjudge Thirty Pesos for the Register’s Charges; as well for his Instruments, as the Inventory, and Marshal’s Fees.

Thirdly, He doth adjudge to the Mariners of the said Ship their respective Wages; by Reason, that when any Ship is sold at the Request of Creditors, the Mariners of the Ship are first paid what is due unto them for their Wages, and that without their giving or taking Security for the Restitution thereof; because, in such Sum, no one is before in Time, or greater in Right, than the Mariners.

And having seen and inspected the Book of Accounts of Captain William Henry, wherein appears the Days which his respective Mariners entered in the Service of his said Ship, and also what each one earned and had received; it appears, that there is due unto Benjamin Cran-fton Five hundred and Ninety-one Pesos and Four Reals; to Benjamin Bryant, Two hundred and Thirty-one Pesos and Four Reals; to Edward Guffet, Two hundred and Eighty-nine Pesos, Five Reals, and Six Dobleros; to Samuel Wane, Fifty-six Pesos and Four Reals; to James Alexander, One hundred and Eleven Pesos and One Real; to John Hemmitt, Two hundred and Fifteen Pesos,

Five Reals, and Nine Dobleros; to John Jameson, Sc -venty-three Pesos, Seven Reals, and Twelve Dobleros; to John Wane, Two hundred and Seventy-nine Pesos

11 M and

4

Mail.

A. 1770.

Dalby’s and Six Reals; to Frederick One hundred and

etfor'n Seventeen Pesos; to John , Fifty-two Pesos,

CempcnUim. Three Reals, and Nine Doblcros: And as the said Wages is adjudged in Favour of the said Mariners, lie hath deducted (Errors in Account excepted) Five Pounds Two Shillings Sterling, for what they have to pay to the General Hospital of Greenwich; as it is most reatonable that the said Money should be paid to the Governors of the said Hospital:- He therefore doth adjudge, in their Favour, all the said different Sums, making together Two thou land One hundred and Thirty-two Pesos, and Seven Reals; and the same being deduced from the Two thousand Eight hundred Pesos, for which the said Ship Britannia was fold, there remains to be divided Six hundred Sixty-seven Pesos and One Real; the which Sum he doth adjudge and declare in Favour of the Heirs of Captain , for his

Wages, on account of the One hundred and Sixty Pounds Ten Shillings Sterling, due unto him from the said Ship for his Wages, as Commander thereof, at the Rate of Six Pounds per Month; granting them a Recourse for the making up the said Sum of One hundred and Sixty Pounds Ten Shillings against the Proprietors of the said Ship, or against whomsoever else the same doth legally appertain; binding, as he hereby doth bind, the Heirs of the said Captain to render an Account to the said Proprietors of the said Ship, of the Voyages and Freights which the said Ship hath heretofore made.

But as the said Captain , on the 30th of April 1745, made a Writing or Obligation for Fifty Pounds Sterling, in Favour ot Mefsr* , and C°;

and on the 23d of September, in the same Year, made another Obligation to John Stephens, for Twenty-eight Pounds Four Shillings Sterling; and on the 23d of 'December of the same Year, made another to the said Stephens, for Pesos 185. 5. 13. the said Sums together making 575. 7. 13; it is but just that the said Monies should be satisfied: He therefore doth adjudge to the '' laid Miller and Stephens their respective Monies, deducing the same from the 667. 1. which Remains adjudged to the said Cap' Henry; and as the Apparel which were fold belonging to the said Captain, according to Inventory produced Sixty-six Pesos, from which deducing Nineteen Pesos paid by this Tribunal for the Interment of the said Captain, there remains in his Favour Forty-seven Pesos, the which, added to the other neat Sum of Ninety-one Pesos, One Real, and Five Dobleros, make the Sum of One hundred Thirty-eight Pesos, One Real, and Five Dobleros; the which shall be delivered to Mr. Abraham , the substituted Attorney of Mr. Thomas AJkezv, who is the substituted Attorney of Mr. Andrew Pringle of London, who is the general Attorney of Mary Henry. It was thus provided and ordered in the Registry of the Vice Admiralty of Minorca, the 20th June 1748.

Olivar and Pardo, Judge of the Vice Admiralty.

The aforegoing Sentence was intimated to Mr. Abraham Mills, and the other Persons interested, on tire Day of the Date thereof, by me Francis Segui, Deputy Register to the Court of the Vice Admiralty of Minorca.

I, the Underwritten, have received from this Court Fifty-two Pesos, Three Reals, and Nine Doblerds, being so much adjudged in Favour of John Shields by the aforegoing Sentence t In Witness whereof, I have signed with my Hand at Mahon, in Minorca, the 21st June 1748.

P* 52 3 9 W’n Robertson.

' I, Abraham Mills, here under subscribed, have received of this Court, as the substituted Attorney of Mr. Andrew Pringle, of London, who is the Attorney of Mary Henry,

138 P‘ ir. 5d‘, being so much adjudged in her Favour in that Name, on account of the Wages of Captain liam ILnry, for the Ship Britannia: In Witness whereof, I have signed with my Hand at Mahon, in Minorca, the 2ift June 1748.

P’ 138. I. 5. Abram Mills.

I, the Underwritten, have received from this Court Two hundred and fifty Pelos of Plate, being 1b much I had Credit upon the Ship Britannia, Captain William Henry, and is adjudged unto me by the aforegoing Sentence passed by his Worship: In Wit 1,els of the Truth whereof, I have signed with my Hand at in the Island of Minorca, 4th July 1748.

P* 250. Joseph Miller.

Vice Admiralty Court of the Island of

(L. S.) Minorca.

A true Copy of the original Process.

Mahon, the f April 1765.

Zebulah Martinet, Acting Register.

The aforegoing is well and faithfully translated and copied from the Spanijli and English, produced unto me, the underwritten Notary, for that Purpose, according to the best of my Skill and Knowlege; which, after due Examination, I attest in London, this 3d Day of 1765.

Shank, Not. Pub.

1765-

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue an Act, made in the 29th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yards made of Flax, and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Chequed and Striped Linens.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dundas took t he Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Aiutnd-ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the la mu.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday ‘ Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housei to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Wap and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn-

ing next. Ten of the Clock.

11 O(! si . -I -«i - ' *

Report

referred to Corrm:t:ee of Supply*

Bounty

on

Linens*

Supply*

Ways and M?ans.

Prowse’s E fates.

Westminster

Paving.

io Geo. III. 70

Luruey70 Maii;

Anno io® Georgii III'" Regis, 1770. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Manors, lands, and Hereditaments, in the fe v era] Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Wore tiler, Dorset, Surrey, and Middlesex, and in the City of London, late the

Estates of Thomas Prowse, Esquire, deceased, and which, upon the Death of George Pro Esquire, his only Son, devolved upon, and veiled in, the Two Daughters and CoheirelTes, of the said Thomas Prowse, deceased; and for settling and afiin ing the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon the said Partition, have been allotted as the specific Part or Share of each of the said Daughters, to the several Uses therein limited, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Governors and Directors of the Poor, in Behalf of thenileives and the rest of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew which lies above the Bars, in the County of and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting Part of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for cleansing, lighting, ai.d watching, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parishes; and letting forth, That the Petitioners have expended great Sums of Money, in putting the said Act in Execution; and that the said Act has fully and efl’cftually answered ever}’ felutary Purpose intended thereby, within the said Parishes; and taking Notice of the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of and Parts

adjacent, and for granting a further Toll upon certain Dories and Carriages, to be applied to the several Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners find, that the said Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, are intended to be included in the said Bid, without taking any Notice of the said Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty; whereby the Petitioners conceive they are, so far as relates to cleansing and lighting, exempted from the Authority or intervening of any other Set of Commissioners than those resident within the said Parishes; and would, in effect, amount to a Repeal of many of the moll beneficial Parts of the said Act, and, in great Measure, defeat the said Parishes of the principal Benefit thereby intended them: And therefore praying. That the said Bill, so far as relates to the lighting and cleansing of the said Parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars;- and Saint George the Martyr, in the same County, may not pal's into a Law; and that- the Petitioners may -be heard, by themselves, or their Couofel, against: being* included in the said Bill, and also against such Parts thereof-as the Petitioners conceive may alFeft the Rights, Privileges, and Interests, of the said Parishes.; -

A Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex,1 on ftvhalf of themselves and others the Vestrymen, and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was also presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the additional Toll, ihtended by the said Bill to be laid upon Passengers for passing through cer-- - VOL. 32.

tain Turnpikes, will be art heavy Burthen oh the Petitioners t And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them, and that they may have such Other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, ih Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and- Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to h0„s enable the Right honourable James Grenville, the Right J. Grenville’*' honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare, and the (?,kI °^er.s) Right honourable Welbore Ellis, to take, in Great - gj^aUon tain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Melfeqgers withdrew.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Knaresborough whom the Bill for dilanorefting the Forest. of Knartfbo- Forest rough, in the County of York, and for dividing and in- Inclosure. closing the Open Parts of the said Forest, which lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined die Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land in the Seven Lower Constableries, assessed to the Land Tax at £.47. 2 s.3 d.per Annum; and the Proprietors of Land in the 'Four Higher Constableries, al-fefied to the Land Tax at £. 1 18. 3 j, 6; and that- the whole of the Assessment in the Seven Lower Constableries, and for Estates of several Persons adjoining, being within the District, called The Forest, in virtue whereof Right of Common ‘is enjoyed, amounts to f. 497. 1 s.

4 }d,;and in the FourHigh Hamlets to£. 183. 9 8d.J and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally' put thereupon, were agreed tp by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for protecting the Spa’s at Harrowgate.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of thy laid Report be adjourned till To-motrow Morning.

"i

Mt. Vice Chamberlain presented to the House, pursur aht to their Address to His Majesty,

N* i . Extract of a Letter from Major General American

the Earl of HiHfborough, dated New , 4th De- Colonies.

cember, 1769; intlofing,

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from'Lieutenant Colonql '

’ Dahrympleto Major General Gage, dated Boston, 28th October 1769: And also,

N®3.

R* Hon* J. Grenville’s (and others) Qualification Bill.

Bad of ClanricaideH Effete*.

962 7 0 Maii.

N° 3. Ext raft of a Letter from the Earl of

to Major-General Gage, dated 18 th January 1770: And all'o,

N° 4. Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to Lieu te nan t- Govemorjjutchinjon, dated Whitehall,

18 th January 1770: Ana also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from Major General Gage to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated New York, 21st February 1770: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant-Governor Colden to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated New York, 21st February 1770: And also,

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant-Governor Hutchinson to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 12th March 1770; inclosing,

N° 8. Copy of the Minutes of a Council, held at Council Chamber in on 6th

March 1770: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant-Colonel Dalrymple to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Boston, 13th March 1770; inclosing,

N° 10. Narrative of the late Transactions at Boston, on the 2d, 3d, and 5 th March 1770.

N° 11. same of Captain Thomas of the

29th Regiment, ft* 12. Depositions and Informations respecting the Transactions referred to in Captain Preston'% Cafe.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to the Governors in America, dated Whitehall, 13th May 1769: And also,

N° 2. Extract of the Speech of Governor Tryon to the General Assembly of North Carolina, on the 23d Day of October 1769, with their Addresses in Answer thereto: And also,

N° 3. Extract of Lord Botetourt's Speech to the Council and House of Burgcflesof Virginia, on the 7th November 1769, with their Addresses in Answer thereto: And also,

N° 4. Extract of the Speech of Lieutenant-Governor Colden to the General Assembly of New York, on the 2 2d November 1769, with their Addresses in Answer thereto: And also,

N° 5. Extract of the Speech of Governor Wright to the General Assembly of Georgia, with their Addresses in Answer thereto.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourble James Grenville, the Right honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare, and the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver-General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Earl of Clanricarde, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trulls of his Marriage Articles^ and a voluntary Settlement made by him, and for refettling the same to the several Uses, and upon the Trulls, therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. monjlotie, Mr. Burke, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money: and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and linking the fame, so far as to enable the Governor, Council, and Assembly of New York, to pass an Act for creating, and issuing upon Loan, Paper Bills of Credit, to a certain Amount, and to make the fariie a legal Tender, at the Loan Offices and Treasury of the said Colony, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Governor, Council, and Assembly of His Majesty’s Colony of New to pals

an Act for creating, and issuing upon Loan, Paper Bills of Credit, to a certain Amount, and to make the same a legal Tender in Payments, into the Loan Offices and Treasury of the said Colony.

Ordered, That Mr. Dyson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Prel'ervation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and to make some further Provisions, in order to prevent both the unwarrantable and unfealonable Destruction of the Game in general, and to establish, in some Cales, more efficient Modes of Proceeding for the Punishment of Offenders, is re-committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for more effectually preventing the unleasonable Burning of any Grig, Ling. Heath, Furze, Gofs, or Fern, upon Mountains, Hills, Heaths, Moors Forests, Chafes, and other Waites.

Mr. Dundas, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the 29th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of Chequed and Striped Linens, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place $ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for appropriating a Fund, established by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported, into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the railing and dressing of Hemp and Flax, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 2. L 2. To leave out " Eight," and insert ‘‘Twelve" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Eight" Hand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

Tfee Noes went forth.

Tellers

New York Paper Bills of Credit.

Prefenratiot

of

Game.

Bounty

00

Linen*

Linens; railing of Hemp,

io Geo. III.

Mail

9*3

Tell^forthcT^^"^ } 7,

TcUenfor.hcN^KS^- } .*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment following was also proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2.1. 6. To leave out "Seven" and insert "Eight." instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houl'e; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appropriating a Fund, established by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the railing and dressing of Hemp and Flax.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander GUmour do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply BUI, Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order,

Lottery. a Bill for establishing a Lottery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

False Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing Traders in Exciseable Commodities from using false Weights and Scales: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Redemption A Bill for redeeming the Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities* Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Sbil-ice. ling9 Per Centum, established by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Millions, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Com *n*s Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

dUmUTrl* Consideration the Report from the Committee of the Servants, whole House, to whom the Bill for compelling Persons dismissed the Service of the East India Company to depart from the East Indies, and for better regulating the Servants of the said Company, and for other Purposes, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Corn; Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported rC*Prke*f from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great , was committed; Vol. jz.

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Linens imported into England, from the 5th of January 1765, to the 5th of January 1770, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Species and each lear: And. also,

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Printed and Painted Linens, which have been exported from England, from the cth of January 1765, to 5th of January 1770; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of strict Entail, was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were difegreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Ana the said Order befog read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the lame, imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Final Balance of " the Earl of KinnouPs Account, as late Paymaster " General," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chairof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

11 N Resolved,

Accounts

Linens.

Scotland

improv«m«QS

of Liadt*

Way* and Meant

8" Mai l.

A. 1.770.

Discovery of the Longitude.

964

_ Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedn.efday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted, to His Majesty.

.. 1: >

An ingrafted Bill for explaining and rendering more effectual several Acts, for providing a public Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea, for improving the Lunar Tables' constructed by the late Professor Meyer, and for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements ule-ful td Navigation, was reiad the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts for providing a public Reward for discovering the Lon- and other Inhabitants, of the County of: And

gitude at Sea, for improving the Lunar Tables con- also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And also.

Another Petition.of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And alto.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- . holders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of And also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free* hplders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey:. And also,

.A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders

WeSninster

Paving.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

strufted by the late'Professor Meyer, and for encouraging Discoveries-and Improvements useful to Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

East India 1 Ordered, That -the Report from the Committee of the'

Company's whole House, to whom the Bill for the better enabling ^Force^ United Company of Merchants of England, trading

orce‘ to the East Indies, to raise a Military Force, for the Pro-testion of their Settlements and Possessions in India, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Morning next.

Supply. , The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee otthe whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to the several Persons therein mentioned, by the Directions of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, as a Compensation, and in full Satisfaction, of their Losses and Expences incurred, pursuant to the Orders of Council, for preventing the spreading of the Infection among the Horned Cattle, in the County of Southampton, be referred to the said.Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

1 Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Dhu*. hplders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Hertford-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the several-Acts made, relating to paving, ejeanfing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within - . the City and Liberty of and Parts

adjacent; and for granting a further Toll upon, certain Horses and Carriages, to be applied to the several Purposes therein mentioned; and setting forth, That if the- laid Bid should pais into a Law as it how Rands, it will' be highly injurious to the Petitioners, who will be thereby subjected to a very burthensome 'Foil, to be applied to Purposes Lorn which they.can receive little or no Advantage: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill, as lay any additional Toll on Horses or . Carriages.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of thp Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard,

,by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time; in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The House being informed. That some of the Aldermen, and several of the Common Council, of the City of London, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His mons> the city ot in Common Council

Majesty

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Westminster

Paving.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Martis, 8° Mali;

Anno io# Georgii IIIt;i Regis, 1770.

Pft AYERS.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Middlesex And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And also,

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County o And also,

16

D: to.

assembled.

And then-they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Acts made, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of and Parts

adjacent; and for granting a further Toll upon certain Horses and Carriages, - to be applied to the several Purposes therein mentioned; and that the said Bill, being calculated to grant a daily Toll for the Purposes of paving the Streets of the said City and Liberty of minster, the Petitioners apprehend, the fame, if passed into a Law, will be a great Burthen upon the Public in general, and the Inhabitants of the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, in particular; and lay a Tax on great Numbers of Persons for paving the said Streets, who will not enjoy any Benefit therefrom: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, against such Pa;-t of the said Bill as relates to

the

t.oOeoJIII. 8°‘M965

the fakl' daily T6l!s; and may receive such Relief, as ,'the 24th of Jidfit 7^9, inclosed in Mr. Hood’s Letter of the -Nature of their same may require, and to the House < the 25th 1769: And also,

llvali fecm meet. , Copy of a Letter from Captain to the Governor

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of Rhode Island, inclosed in a Letter from the Com-'; Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bib mi hi oners of the Customs at , to Commodore is. committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by , dated the 24th July 1769, and inclosed in Mr. their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Letter of the 25th of July 1769: And also,

Petition, if they think fit. . Copy of Captain Reid's. Deposition, inclosed in a

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- ‘ Letter from the Commissioners of the Customs at Bofion mittee, That they do admit Counlehto be heard* at. the to Commodore , dated the 24th of July 1769, and fapie.Time, in Favour of the said Bill,-against the said inclosed in Mr. Hood’s Letter of the 25th of July 1769: Petition. And also,

. Copy of a Letter from the Collector and Comptroller -

true of Writ* Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom of the Custom House at Rhode to Governor'

the Bill to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons, . Wanton, dated the 21st July 1769, inclosed in a Letter ’ e um* during a Recess of Parliament, to issue his Warrants to ' from the Commissioners of the Customs at Bofion to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Commodore , dated the 24th of July 1769, and Choice of Members to terve in Parliament, in the room . inclosed in Mr. Hood's Letter of the 25th of July 1769: i of such Members who shall happen to die during such And also,

Recess of Parliament, was re-committed; That the Corn- Extrad'of a Letter from Commodore to Mr.

mittee had gone through the.- Bill, and made several Stephens, dated on board His Majesty’s Ship Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him in Halifax Harbour, the 23d of November 1769: And to report to the House; and he read the Report in his allb.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Extratt of a Letter from Lieutenant

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the- Jon, to Commodore Hood, dated-at the 31st of.

Amendments were Once read -.throughout; and then a October 1769, inclosed in Mr. Hood's Letter of the 23d. Second Time, One by One; and, upon -the Question of November 1769: And also, . , -

severally put thereupon, One. of-them was disagreed to, Copy of a Letter from Captain Caldwell, Commander and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, of His Majesty’s Ship the to Mr. Stephens, dated agreed to by the House. - - on board the said Ship, at Nezv the 14th

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That March 1770. the Speaker shall not issue his Warrant till Fourteen Together with a List of the said Papers.

Days after the Notice which is to be given by him in And the said Lift was read.

the Gazettce. Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table,

~ And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the to be perused by the Members of the House.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be The said Papers are preferred amongst the other

made Part of the Bill. Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrossed, An ingrossed Bill for registering the Prices at which'

Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, was Redemption Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to read the Third Time.

of certain resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Annu.ttes. gjj for redeeming the Capital or Joint Stock of be, An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is' Annuities, after the Rate ot Three Pounds Ten Shillings fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the1 per Centum, established by an Act made in the Twenty- Quantity exported and imported, ninth Year of the llcign of his late Majesty King George Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

the Sum of Two Millions, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland further Consideration the Report which was made from the Laws made in this Kingdom against private rind un- the Committee, to whom the Bill for difaftorefting the lawful Lotteries; be now read. Fore ft of Knarcfborov.gh, in the County of and for

And the said Order being read accordingly; dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the said Forest,

The i louie resolved itfclt into the said Committee. which lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof, anti Mr. Speaker left the Chair. for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed.

Sir Charles IVLitveorth took the Chair of the Com- be now read, mittee. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, the said Report.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several And a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him restrain the Commissioners from felling Lands, if ob-

to report, when the House will please to receive the jetted to at the First Meeting by a Majority of Persons fame. interested.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

Morning. - v Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be'

made Part of the Bill. .

American . ' Mr. Stephens presented to the House, pursuant to their And several Amendments were made, by the House, Colonies- Address to His Majesty,- to the Bill.

Extratt of a Letter from Commodore Hood, to Mr.. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Stephens, dated on board His Majesty’s Ship Romney, in ingrossed.

Bofion Harbour, the iothof July 1769: And also,

Extratt of a Letter from Commodore Hood, to Mr. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Stephens, dated on board his Majesty’s Ship ‘Romney, in to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bofion Harbour, the 25th of July 1769: Anti also, upon the Bill for continuing lb much of an Att, made in > Copy, of a Letter from the Commissioners of His the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Majesty’s Customs at Bofion, to Commodoi«8Z/w</, dated An Act to continue and amend Two Atts, made in the

Vol. 32. - Twenty-

r

Comt Registering the Prices.

Knarcsborbugh

Poreft Incljiure,

Indico, Sc c.

66 8* Maii. A. 1770.

Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for extending the

Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prize Goods taken since

the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the Plantations in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for explaining the Act of the Fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America’, and for extending the same to the Naval Officers there.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bounty An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the y.j*? 29th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, nen*‘ intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams, made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Chequed and Striped Linens, was read the Third Time

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Bounties on British and Irj/h Linens exported; for further discontinuing the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Chequed and Striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Way* Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported and Mean*, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom, of Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-bair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the lame, to ceale, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu of all former Rates and Duties, all Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horle-hair Hats and Bonnets, which, from and after the 24th Day of June 1770, shall be imported into this Kingdom, shall be rated to, and pay, the old Subsidy, granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, according to the Rates and Values of 12 s. 6 for every Dozen, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 2 Inches in Diameter, and 11. 5 j. for every Dozen of such Hats or. Bonnets as Khali exceed 22 Inches in Diameter each.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu of all former Rates and Duties, all

Platting, or other Manufactures, of Bast or Straw,

Chip, Cane, or Horle-hair, to be used in, or proper for making of, Hats or Bonnets, which, from and after the said 24th Day of June 1770, shall be imported into this Kingdom, shall be rated to, and pay, the -laid old Subsidy, according to the Rate and Value of 6 s. and 8 d. for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the full Amount of the several Duties, now payable for every Twenty Shillings of the Value of the said Goods, respectively, be raised and collected, according to the said respective Rates before mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred Forty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Steven Pence, being the final Balance of the Account of Thomas Earl of Kinnoull, formerly Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, to the 26th Day of Decent* her 1769, and not provided for by Parliament.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Four First of the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles -worth, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkhtfon, Mr.

Dyson, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Ways, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- Mean* suant to the Resolutions, which, upon the 29th Day of March last, the 9th and 12th Days of April last, and the 3d Day of this Instant May, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do nuke Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the last of the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand One hundred Ninety-five Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Compensation to Francis Dalhy, of London, Merchant, for the Damages which the said Francis Dalby hath suffered, by the Stoppage and Lois of his Ship, called The Britannia, at Mahon, by Order of the late Admiral Matthews, and by the Ule, Employment, and Detainer, of his Ship called The Francis, by Order of the Commanders of His Majesty’s Fleets.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Seven hundred Ninety-six Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Ma-jey, to make good the like Sum, which has been paid to several Persons in the County of Southampton, as a Compensation, and in full Satisfaction, of their Losses and Expences, incurred pursuant to several Orders of Council, for preventing the Ipreading of the infectious Distemper amongst the Horned Cat tie.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a

Second Tuoti

The

American

Colonies,

io Geo. III.

8° — 9* Mail

967

The House was moved. That the "Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Francis Dal by, of London, Merchant, was referred, might be again r^d.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Mot bn was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for «h.Y

Tellers for the Noe,.{ } 39-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Tire susbequent Resolution of tire Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Copy of His present Majesty’s Commission, under the Great Seal, appointing Francis Bernard', Esquire, Governor and Commander in Chief of the Province of Massachuset's , might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was allb moved, That the Copy of his late Majesty's Commission, under the Great Seal, appointing the Earl of London, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forcedn North America, might be read.

And the lat re was read accordingly.

The House was allb moved. That the Copy of His present Majesty’s- Commission, under the Great Seal, appointing Mr’or General Gage, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Copy of a Message from the Assembly of the Bay

to Governor Bernard, and of the Governor’s Answer thereto, 31st May 1769, might be read.

And the lime were read accordingly.

The Hou.Y was allb moved, That the Copy of a Message frorl the Assembly of the Bay to

Governor B& nard, June 6th 1769, and of the Governor’s Answer thereto, June 14th 1769, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, acknowledging with Gratitude, that Constitutional Communication which His Majesty hath always maintained with His Parliament, in every Matter which concerns the State; to return our unfeigned Thanks for that fresh Proof which His Majesty is pleased to give of that Spirit of His Government by referring to His Parliament, and by recommending to us the State of His Government in America.

To allure His Majesty, that in ready and dutiful Compliance to His Royal Recommendation, we have entered into a serious and attentive Consideration of this Matter referred to us.

With the most profound Respect and Deference, to repelent to His Majesty, that we find, that Misunder-ilandings and Disputes have arisen, in almost every one of His Colonies in America, between the Civil Governors and Military Commanders, since the Appointment of a Commander in Chief.

That we find, that in One of His Majesty’s Provinces, the Representatives of His People in the Great and General Court assembled, have complained, that according to the Arrangement of Commands in America, there is a Military Power within the said Province, without any Check by the Power of the Civil Government of the said Province, and uncontroulable by the supreme executive Power of the Province, which they conceive to be within the Limits of the fame; the just and full Representative of the supreme Exe-

Vol. 32.

cutive Power of the whole Empire, in as full and ample Manner as is the x>rd Lieutenant of Ireland, or any other His Majesty’s Lieutenants in the Dominions to the Realm of Great Britain appertaining.

That we are of Opinion, that this unhappy State of Doubts and Disputes has long called for some clear and explicit Definition and Adjustment of the respective Powers and Authorities, granted to the Governors and Commanders in Chief of His Majesty’s Provinces and Colonies, and to the Military Commanders in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, and doth require some express Directions and Instructions as to the Exercise of the said Powers.

And therefore most humbly praying His Majesty, That He will, with the Advice of His Privy Council, be graciously plealed to give His Directions for the Examination of the several Powers and Authorities contained in the respective Commissions granted, and in the respective Orders and Instructions iflfued to these several Commanders, to the End that all such Commis- lions, Instructions, and Orders, may be explained, corrected, and amended, in such Cases, wherein they clash and interfere with each other, or contain any Powers or Authorities that are not warranted by Law, and the Constitution.

A Motion tfcras made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 90 die Maii \

Anno io* Georgii IIP''Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

A BILL for establishing a Lottery, and for other Supply Bill Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second lottery.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Speaker of the House ifT.ie of of Commons, during a Rccefs of Parliament, to issue Writs of his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out Elect, on-new Writs for the Choice of Members to lerve in Parliament, in the room of such Members who shall happen to die during such Recess of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to encourage the Improvement of Scotland; Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part Improvement of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements ol of drift Entail, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of ftriit Entail.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

xi O Sir

Straw Hat Duties.

Catile

Distemper

Bill.

St. Mary le Bone Church.

Redemption of certain Annuities.

Burton

Manora.

968 90 Mail* . 1770.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the lame, imported into this Kingdom, and, for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof: and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of such Goods: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle, in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mackworthreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, for making a Cocmetery, or Church Yard, and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of was

committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Lord Edward , who is now

absent in Foreign Parts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth., according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for redeeming the Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, established by an Act made in the Twenty-

ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of T>vo Millions, to be raised by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries, w'as committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W’here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Two Undivided Fourth Parts of cilia Allett, the Wife of John , Esquire, and of Wil-

liam James Warner, Samuel George Warner, Rebecca Warner, and Mary Jane Charlotte Warner, the only Children of Alice Warner, the late Wife of William Warner, Gentleman, of and in the Manors or reputed Manors of Great Bourton and Little and divers Meft

fuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, in the County of Oxford, in Trustees, to sell and convey the same to William Prowett, Gentleman, and for laying out the Money

arising by such Sale in Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annities, to be secured and transferred in Mannet therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered

the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing so much of an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Qne by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending several Acts for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to limit the Time for levying of Penalties.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill. *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed. That Mr. Payne, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant, to their Order,

An Account of all Transfers that have been made at the Bank of England\of the Four per'Centum Consolidated Annuities, with the respective Names of such Persons to whom the same have been transferred, from the 5th Day of April, to the 4th Day of May 1770, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Thft

I ncUco, *c.

Bricks,

3 per Cent. Annuities.

to Geo. III. 9 ° Maiu

The laid Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Land Tax; An ingrossed Bill for rectifyingMiftakes in the Names Commissioner* of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act; made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year 1769; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in, the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year 1770; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1769; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1770.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly:

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Char let Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Chaplain to Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Ad-

the House. dress be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. William Barf or d. Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

East India Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Company’j Consideration the Report from the Committtee of the ^force* w ^e House, to whom the Bill for the better enabling r ’ the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to rail'e a Military Force, for the Protection of their Settlements and Possessions in India, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Excise Office The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Expence of building the New Office of Excile in London, out of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excit'c; without any Amendment: And also,

Eafinoton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act luciofure. for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Eajington, in Holderness, in the East Riding ' of the County of York without any Amendment: And

also,

"East T'he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Heflerton Act, for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-Inclosure. VoL. 32.

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in East Heflerton, in the Parish of Wcfl Heflerton, in the East Riding of the County of York without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That so much of his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 10th Day of March 1768, as relates to His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

The House was also moved. That the Preamble of an Act made in the 7th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in; for

allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 8rh Day of November 1768; as relates to His Majesty’s Colonies in America-, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough, to Governor Bernard, dated Whitehall, April 22 1768: And also.

Copy of Circular Letter to all the Governors on the Continent of America, except Massachusets Bay, East Florida, and Quebec, Whitehall, April 21 1768: And also,

Copy of Governor Bernard's Message to the Aflem-bly: And also.

Copy of the Assembly’s Answer thereto, and of his-Message to them, of the 24th of June 1768; which Copies were presented to the House, upon the 28th Day of November 1768; might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Resolutions of both Houses of Parliament, of the 8th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the chufets Bay, in North America, together with the Address of both Houses of Parliament thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The Lloufe was also moved. That the Copy of a Circular Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough, to the Governors in America, dated Whitehall, 13th May 1769, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 9th Day of May 1769; as relates to the Disturbances in North America, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Extract of Lord Boltetourt's Speech to the Council and House of Burgesses of Virginia, on the 7th November 1769; with their Addresses in Answer thereto; might be lead.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 9th Day of January last, as relates to His Majesty’s Colonies in America, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, in several of His Majesty’s Colonies ir» North America, DHorders have of late prevailed, pre-

judicial

America

Colonies*

97°

io° Mali.

A. 1770.

Tellers for the Yeas,|

79-

American judicial to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, o oiiiosk an(j destructive to the Peace and Prosperity of the said Colonies j

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a principal Cause of the Dilbrders which have lately prevailed in North Amer, hath arisen from the ill-judged and inconsistent Instructions given, from Time to Time, by Persons in Administration, to the Governors of some of the Provinces in North America;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

*t c.1 xt J Sir Alexander )

Tellers for the Noes,}Co,onc| J .99.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the directing the Dissolution of the Assemblies of North America, upon their Refusal to comply with certain Propositions, operated as a Menace injurious to the deliberative Capacity of thele Assemblies, and tended to excite Discontent, and to produce unjustifiable Combinations;

It passed in the Negative.’

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Assemblies of North America having been dif-lolved for not disavowing or difeountenaneing certain Combinations, and the fuftering new Assemblies to fit without disavowing or discountenancing the said Combinations, was a Proceeding full of Inconsistency, and tending to lower, in the Minds of His Majesty’s Sub-judls in America, all Opinion of the WilHom and Firrn-ness of His Majesty’s Councils;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it is unwarrantable, of dangerous Consequences, and an high Breach of the Privilege of this House, to protnife to the Assemblies in North America the Interposition or Influence of His Majesty, or of His confidential Servants, with this House, in any Manner which may tend to create an Opinion in those Assemblies, that such Interposition or Influence, must necessarily bring on a Repeal of any Duties or Taxes laid, or to be laid, by Authority of Parliament;

And the previous Question being proposed, That that Question be now put;

The House was moved. That the Extract of the Speech of Lieutenant Governor , to the General Assembly of New York, on the 2 2d November 1769; with their Addresses in Answer thereto; might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Ext raft of the Speech of Governor Try to the General Assembly of North Carolina, on the 23d Day of October 1769; with their Addresses in Answer thereto; might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put:

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- posed, That it is highly derogatory from His Majesty’s Honour, and from the Freedom of Parliamentary Deliberation, to pledge the Faith of the Crown to the said Assemblies, for the repealing, or laying on, or continuing, or not laying of, any Taxes or Duties whatsoever.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That to give Assurances ii* His Majesty’s Name,

>5

distinguishing certain Principles of Taxation, and dif-claiming an Intention to propose any Taxes within the said Description, in order to establish and justify unwarrantable Distinctions, has a Tendency further to disturb the Minds of His Majesty’s Subjects in and to weaken the Authority of lawful Government;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro*-poled, That to lay before this House Suggestions of Trealbns, or Misprisions of Trealbn, subsisting in America, in order to bring this House into a Plan for the repressing and punishing such supposed Treasons and Misprisions of Treason, when in reality no such Treasons or Misprisions of Treason, did subsist, or if they did subsist, no Measures whatsoever have been taken, or appear to have been intended, for apprehending and punishing the Persons concerned in the lame, is an audacious Insult on the Dignity of Parliament, and, in its Consequences, tends either to bring a Reflection on the Wisdom and Justice of Parliament, or to encourage Trealbns and Treasonable Practices, by neglecting to carry into Execution Measures recommended by Parliament;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 10* die Matt;

Anno io* Georgii III111 Regis, 1770. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for redeeming the Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, established by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Two Millions, to be raised by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for redeeming the Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, established by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, the Sum of Two Millions, to be raised by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing so much of an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Meign, initituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the Briri/hPlantations in America; and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with

Spain,

Redemption #*f certain Annuities*

Indico, &c.

ie

to Geo. IIL iOd 971

Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing so much of an Act:, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the ' Twenty-full and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in; and for extending

the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to SpaniJIi Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America j and for explaining so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the regulating tire Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America; and for extending the same to the Naval Officers there.

Ordered, That Mr. Garth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cattle A Bill to prevent the further spreading oFthe conta-Distemper gious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great -

tain, was read a Second Time.

Re/oived, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Straw Hat A Bill for repealing the Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Duties. Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of such Goods, was read a Second Time.

Rxfolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

False Weights A Bill for more effectually preventing Traders in B<* Exciseable Commodities from using false Weights and Scales. Scales, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or-

sinkuigiunu. jer, a jjiu for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1770: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

r

Supply Bill 5 The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Lottery. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing a Lottery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him

V ox.. 2

to report, when tkc House will please to receive the the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An. ingrossed Bill for disafforesting the Forest of Kn»rWbo..*^>, 'Knaresborough, in the County of York-, and for dividing Forest and inclosing the Open Parts of the said Forest, which Inclosur*. lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District. called the Forest of in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. \

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into „

Confederation the Report from the Committee of the company’* whole House, to whom the Bill for the better enabling Military the United Company of Merchants cf England, trading Fore*, to the East Indies, to raile a Military Force, for the Fro-tection of their Settlements and Possessions in was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, so Preservatio* whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the of °am<‘ Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and to make some further Provisions, in order to prevent both the unwarrantable and unseasonable Destruction of the Game in general, and to establish in some Cafes more efficient Modes of proceeding, for the Punishment of Offenders, was rc-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place -, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable the Landlord to bring an Action of Trespass against Persons taking Game on the Land of his Tenant.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion fof posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Paper*» Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give *!>’ Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Complaints that have been laid before His Majesty’s Privy Council, against Robert Esquire, as

Governor of His Majesty’s Southern Charibbee Islands, upon which final Orders, Sentences, or Reports, have been made; together with Copies of such Orders, Sentences, or Reports, and of all Proceedings upon such Complaints.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

11 P posed

American

Colonies.

Chaplain to the tiouie.

Privilege Parliament.

972

10° — 116 Mali.

A. 1770.

poled. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Proclamation for the Island of , which was

issued. in His Majesty’s Name, on the 19th December 1764; also Copies of the Minutes of the Council of Grenada, of the 30th March, 25th, 26th, 27th July, 6th August, 18th, 20th, 30th November, 3d, 4th, 5th,

and 14th December, 1767; of the nth and 15th January, 7th March, 15th, 28th, and 29th April, 1768; also Minutes of the Assembly of , of the t8th

March, 29th April, and 27th August, 1768; also a Copy of the Presentment of the Grand Jury for Grenada, of the 10th March 1768, respecting a Negroe

Slave, set free by an Act of the Legislature; also a Copy of the nth Article of His Majesty’s General Instructions to Robert Melvill, dated 3d November 1763; also a Copy of so much of a Letter from Governor Melvill, addressed to the Earl of Shelburne, as solicits His Majesty’s Pardon for certain Negroes, belonging to Monfteur La Chancellerie, who had been condemned

to Death;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That so much of the Address of this House to His Majesty, upon the Eleventh Day of January last, as relates to His Majesty’s Colonies in might be

read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 11° die Mail;

Anno 10* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1770. Prayers.

liTR. Vice Chamberlain reported to the House, That JLtA their Address of Weduef last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. William Barford, Chaplain to this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to say, that He will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. William Barford, Chaplain to this House, as is desired.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Confederation.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed viz,

Pr, 2. 1. 5. After Burgesses" insert " and " the Commissioners for Shires and " Burghs."

1. 19. Leave out " of any Peer or Lord " of Parliament, or"

1. 22. After Burgesses" insert j " or the Commissioners for Shires and " Burghs."

1. 38. After appeared"insert " or other " Purpose of the Writ be answered."

1. 39. After Purpose" insert " of the " Writ;" and leave cut " which " the Ilfues levied were intended to £< compel."

Pr. 3. 1. 3. Leave out " Defendant" and inferr " Party distrained upon."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingossed Bill for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Paxilb Church a Chapel, for making a Cemetery, or Church Yard, and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Maty le Bone, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Cha|>e!, for making a Cocmetery, or Church Yard, and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence.

s*:nt

try itr 3one Church.

Mr. Alderman Treccthick reported from the Commit- Coalheaven, tee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fit ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; and for their further Relief, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Owners and Mtfters cf Ships employed in the Coal Trade, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That no Counsel appeared in Behalf of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grafTed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act gf. to enable the Right honourable James Grenville, the J. Grenville’s Right honourable Robert Graggs Lord Viscount , (and others) and the Right honourable Welbore , to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, Bl

and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom Bur^brie* the Bill for making the receiving of stolen Jewels, and and Gold and Silver Plate, in the same of Burglary and Robberies.

19 Highway

io Geo. III. ii ° Maii073

Highway Robbery, more penal, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Ieverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

smkmgFund. Money, out Gf the sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1770; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the' Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Account*; The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from Export*, the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from England, to His Majesty’s Colonies of East and T fVtJlFlorida; and of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into from the same

Colonies, from the Time of their Establishment, to Christmas 1 769, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguisliingeach Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Linen? exported from England, from the $th January 1765, to the 5th January 1770, with the Drawback paid thereon; distinguishing each Species, and each Year.

A:.d ihen he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts ire preserved amongst the other Papers of this Seaton.

Supply Bill; Sir Charles Whitworthaccording to Order, reported

Lottery, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing a Lottery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Journal, Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the &c* End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index thereto, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Six hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this Vol. 32.

House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index thereto; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pound', to be advanced to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this House shall authorize to receive the same, towards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a C.ittic Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among 1 the Horned Cattle, in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the House False to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Weights and upon the Bill for more effectually preventing Traders Scale*, in Exciseable Commodities from using false Weights and Scales, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Straw a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for re- Duties, pealing the Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom; and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of such Goods.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report- be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion

East India Company1* dismissed Servant*

Cattle

Distemper

Bill.

feritkfi, Sec.

Faife Weight* 2 Scales.

Straw Hat Duties.

974 12 — 14°

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the ingrossed Bill for compelling Persons dismissed the Service of the India Company, to depart from the East Indies; and for better regulating the 'Servants of the said Company; and for other Purposes; be now read the Third Time.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House Was adjourned by Mr. Speaker (without a Question First put) till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 12 die Mali;

Anno id° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1770. Prayers.

SI R Charles Whitworth according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain, was committed.; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they bad directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending several Acts for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and amending several Acts for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Titles.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually preventing Traders in Exciseable Commodities from using faife Weights and Scales, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the lame, imported into this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of such Goods, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill > and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One J9

Maii, ' A. 1770.

by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making the receiving of stolen Bnrglark* Jewels, and Gold and Silver Plate, in the same of Burglary and Highway Robbery, more penal, was read the 0 Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making the receiving of stolen Jewels, and Gold and Silver Plate, in the Calc of Burglary and Highway Robbery, more penal.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply WU; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sinkins Fu<mL upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1770;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to alter and amend an Act, parted Prff«rva in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, ol intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called and to

make some further Provisions, in order to prevent both the unwarrantable and unseasonable Destruction of the Game in general, and to establish in some Cafes more efficient Modes of Proceeding for the Punishment of Offenders, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to enable the Lords of Manors to bring Actions for Trespasses on the Lands of their Tenants.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker (without a Question First put) till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luneey 14.0 die

Anno 10° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

SI R Charles Kemys Tytite reported from the Com- Trowfe* mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Wiltst

Worcester, Dorset, Surrey, and , and in the

City of London, late the Estates of Thomas Esquire, deceased, and which, upon the Death of George Prowje, Esquire, his only Son, devolved upon, and vested in, the Two Daughters and Coheirefles, of the said Thomas Prowje, deceased; and for settling and alluring the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon the said Partition, have been allotted as the specific Part or Share of each of the said Daughters, to the several Uses therein limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and

that

Coalhcarers.

Right honblr, J. Grenville’s (and others) Qualification

Bill.

Earl of Clanricarde’s Estates.

io Geo. III. 14® Mali.

975

that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or pad their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; and for their further Relief; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill i viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 12. To leave out " Coal Undertakers" and insert " Matters " of Ships, or their Agents," instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River T; and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; and to regulate the Price of their Labour, to prevent Frauds and Impositions on such Labourers; and for their further Relief.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable James Grenville, the Right honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare, and the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster Gene ral, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the ' same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. William Burke reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Earl of -ricarde, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Articles, and a voluntary Settlement made by him, and for refettling the same to the several Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any Private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had beea complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

VOL. 32.

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 30.1. 25. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 32.1. 36. Leave out " Viscount*"

Pr. 33.1. 3. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 34. 1. 30. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 35.1. 31. Leave out " Viscount-."1 Pr. 36.1. 3* Leave out " Viscount."

1. 13. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 44.1; 23. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 45.1. 8. Leave out from " upon" to " and" in 1. 12. and insert "Sir Francis " Vincent, of Stoke Dabemon, in the " County of Surrey, Baronet; and " William of Mount

in the County of Roscommon, " in the Kingdom of,

" Esquire."

1. 40. Leave out Viscount."

Pr. 46. L 16. Leave out from "said" to "and" in 1. 19. and insert "Sir Francis " Vincent and William ."

Pr. 47.1. 14. Leave out from said" to" their" in 1. 16. and insert " Sir Francis Via " cent, and William -Talbot."

1. 22. Leave out from- " said" to " or" in 1. 25. and insert " Sir Francis cent, and William Talbot"

Pr. 49.1. 18. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 50.1. 1. Leave out from "said" to "and" in 1. 4. and insert " Sir Francis " and William Talbot"

1. 38. Leave out from " said" to " and" in Pr. 51.1. 1. and insert " Sir Francis " Vincent, and Pr. 51.1. 26. Leave out from " said" to "and" in 1. 28. and insert " Sir Francis Vincent, and William ."

Pr. 52.1. 15. Leave out from " said" to " or" in 1. 17 and insert " Sir Francis cent, and William Tolbot."

Pr. 53. 1. 28. Leave out from " said" to "and" in 1. 30. and insert " Sir Francis " cent, and William'Talbot"

Pr. 54.1. 13. Leave out from " said" to " and" in 1. 15. and insert " Sir Francis Vincent, and William Talbot."

Pr. 59.1. 12, Leave out " Viscount."

1. 18. Leave out from " said" to " and" in 1. '19. and insert " Sir Francis " cent, and William Talbot"

1. 20. Leave out Viscount"

1. 27. Leave out " Viscount."

1. 33. Leave out " Viscount."

1. 35. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 60.1.' 1. Leave out " Viscount."

1. 21. Leave out from " said" to " and" in 1. 22. and insert " Sir Francis Vincent, and William Talbot"

Pr. 73.1. 29. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 74.1. 3. Leave out " Viscount."

1. 10. Leave out " Viscount."

1. 22. Leave out " Viscount."

1.31. Leave out "Viscount."

Pr. 75.1. 3. Leave out " Viscount."

1. 18. Leave out " Viscount."

1.31. Leave out " Viscount."

1. 35. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 76.1. 7. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 80.1. 8. Leave out " Viscount."

11 Q Pr.

97^ 14 ° Mali.1770.

Pr» 81.1. 9. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 83. I.. 5. Leave out " Viscount."

1. n. Leave out "Viscount."

1. 31. Leave out "Viscount."

1. 23. Leave out from " said" to " and" in - 1. 26. and insert " Sir Francis Vin-

" cent, and William Talbot"

1. 29. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 86. L 11. Leave out from " said" to " and" in 1, 13. and insert " Sir Francis Vincent, and William Talbot"

1- 17. Leave out " Viscount."

1* 27. Leave out from " said" to " and" in 1. 29. and insert " Sir Francis Fin-cent, and William Talbot" i. 34. Leave out *.* Viscount."

Pr. 87,1. 17. Leave out "Viscount."

I. 25. Leave out from " said" to " or" in 1. 28. and insert " Sir Francis " cent, and William Talbot"

- I.-30. Leave out from " said" to "or" in

1. 32. and insert " Sir Francis Vincent, and William Talbot"

Pr. 88.1. 28.. Leave out from " said" to "or" in 1. 30. and insert " Sir Francis cent, and William Talbot."

Pr. 89.1. 27. Leave out from " said" to " or" in 1. 29. and insert " Sir Francis -- " cent, and William Talbot"

Pr. 90.1. 1 a. Leave out from " said" to " and" in 1. 14. and insert " Sir Francis " cent, and William Talbot."

.1. 24. Leave out " Viscount."

- Pr. 91.I. io. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 92* 1. 37. Leave out "Viscount."

Pc. 93.1. aj. Leave out " Viscount."

Pr. 94.1. la. Leave out from " said" to " and" in 1. 14. and infer$ "Sir " cent, and William Talbot."

1. 16. Leave out from " said" to " and" in 1. 18. and insert " Sir Francis cent, and William Talbot"

Pr. 95.1. 19. Leave out " Viscount."

/ If 24. Leave out "Viscount."

Pr.ioi.l. 3. Leave out "Viscount."

1. 8. Leave out " Viscount."

L ult. Leave out irom " said" to " and" in Pr. 102. i. 1. and insert " Sir Francis " V, and William Talbot." Pt. 125.1. 5. Leave out from " in" to " in" in h 7.

and insert, " Sir Francis Vincent,

" and William Talbot."

Pr. it8.1.23.- Leave out " and insert

" Venden"

1. 24; Leave out " Siran" and insert " Shan"

After 1. 26. Insert, " To the Executors of Mr.

Thtmas deceased; in his

own Right, Principal, besides Interest One Thousand and Forty-three Pounds.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there* upon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. Ordered, That Mr. William Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments} to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

' <

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day'being read, for the House to Sinking Fund. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fundi and for ap-16

plying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1770;

Ordered, That it be an Irtftrudion to the said Committee. That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Tnftrudion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, and to the Sums which fliouTd arise by the Sale of the Ceded Islands, being applied to the public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Comr mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddi-reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

An ingrossed Bill for establishing a Lottery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing a Lottery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr, Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle, in Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle, in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually preventing Traders in Exciseable Commodities from using fell® Weights and Scales, was read the Third Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act For more effectually preventing Traders in Exciseable Commodities from using false Weights and Scales; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of such Goods, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the ferae, imported into this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and tot the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of such Goods.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

-A Mef-

Supply Bill; Lottery.

Cattle Dirtemper . Bill.

False Weights and Scales.

Straw Hat Diititx

Lord Clare's (and othets) Qualification Bill.

Preservation «f Game.

Journal,

Ac.

East India Company*! dismissed Servants.

io Geo. III. I4° —

A Message from the Lords, "by Mr. and

Mr. Pec full:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right honourable Welbore and the

Right honourable George Lord Edgtcimbe, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of,

and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An logrolled Clause was offered to be added, by Way of Ryder, to the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and to make some further Provisions in order to prevent both the unwarrantable and unseasonable De-struction of the Game in general, and to establish in some Cales more efficient Modes of Proceeding for the Punishment of Offenders (For giving a Right c« Action of Trespass to Owners of Lands, for Trespasses on Lands of their Tenants) which Bill was, upon Saturday last, read the Third Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Debate be adjourned till this Day Month;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, { } S»-

Tellers for the Noes, \ *8-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain reported to the House, That their Addresses of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Six hundred Pounds to be advanced to John , Esquire,

Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of Printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index thereto; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame; and also the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this House flia.ll authorize to receive the lame, towards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions, as desired by the said Addresses.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- posed. That the Bill for compelling Persons dismissed the Service of the East India Company to depart from the East Indies, and for better regulating the Servants of the said Company, and for other Purposes, be now read the Third Time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Debate be adjourned till this Day Month;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Vol. 3a.

150 Mali. 977

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That the Defendant shall» within a certain Time, deliver an Account of his Defence to the Plaintiff.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks > which l)eing filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time.

A Motion was nude, and the Question being proposed, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill* by Way of Ryder;

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present, and it beipg then after Four of tire Clock*

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, (without a Question First put) till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 150 dit Matt;

Anno io* Georgii III*" Regis, 177a. Prayers.

THE ingrafted Clause, Yesterday offered to be added to the Bill for compelling Persons dismissed the Service of the East India Company, to depart from the East Indies, and for better regulating the Servants of the

laid Company, and for other Purposes, was agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Billviz,

Pr. 8. 1. 6. After Capacity" to insert *f from.

" and after the Pafling of this Act." And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better regulating Persons employed in the Service of the East India Company; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir George Colebnoke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to tnftr Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Linens imported into Scotland, from the iff of January 1765, to the 1 ft of January 1770, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Species, and each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Linens exported from Scotland, from the ift of January 1765, to the ift of January 1770, with the Drawbacks paid thereon; distinguishing each Species, and each Year; And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Printed and Painted Linens, which have been exported from from the 1 ft of January 1765, to the ift of January 1770; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from

East India Company* dUoulfed Servant*.

Accounts;

Linens.

978

15° — 1<5° Mali.

A. 1770.

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying

certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1770, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Mercurii, 16° die Maii;

Anno io# Georgii III"1 Regis, 1770,

Ear! of Clanricardc*! £ Hates.

Prayers.

certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1770, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the

settled Estates of John Earl of Clanricar in the Kingdom

of Ireland, in Trustees, discharged of the Ul'es and Trulls

of his Marriage Articles, and a voluntary Settlement made by him; and for rd'ettling the same to the several Uses, and upon the Trulls, therein mentioned: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kfcovenr for rendering more effectual several Acts, for provid- Longitude, ing a public Reward for discovering the Longitude " at Sea; for improving the Lunar Tables conllruded by the late Professor Meyer, and for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bounties for continuing the Bounties on British and Linens ^uiens. exported; for further discontinuing the Duties on the

Southampton 0^erei\ That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ F)ax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation

for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present ——

Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, in the Room of the Right honourable Hans Stanley, who, since his Election for the said Town,

hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Isle of Wig.

Boffiney

Writ.

Journal, &c.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of

Cornwall, in the Room of Sir George Baronet,

who, flnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bedchamber.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the further Sum of Six thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of Printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such

of British Chequed and Striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appropriating a Fund, established by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons, to issue his Warrants to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Linens; raising of Hemp, Scc.

I fine of Writs of Elections.

Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the think fit; and to allure His Majesty, that this House Commissioners, appointed by an Act made in the last

Land Tax;

Commissioners

Names.

Lord Clare’s (and others) Qualification

Bill.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right honourable Wtlbore Ellis, and the

Right honourable George Lord Edgecumbe, to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all

His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and

to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Cooper, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s allowing further Time for registering and

Chamber. Agreements entered into for inclosing Commons,

the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees for Tim-An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer- ber and Underwood, and for indemnifying Persons who tain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execu-

for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for tion of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors;

the Service of the Year 1770, was read the Third without any Amendment: And also,

Time. The

Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the First mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons, in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; for

’ ’' inrolling

for

Offices and

Employ met 10.

io Geo. III.

x 6° Mail:

919

Redemption of certain Annuities.

Indico.

4c.

Com; registering the Prices.

New York; Paper Bills of Credit.

Lord Clare’s, (and others) Qualification

BH1.

Canada

Paper

Recon-

noiflancet.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings Centum, established by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Millions, to be raised. by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the jinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland, the Laws made in this Kingdom'against private and unlawful Lotteries; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing so much of an Act made in the' Third Year of His present Majesty VReign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty ’$ Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in ,the Plantations in America, and for extending the Provisions

of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the Plantations

rica; and Tor explaining so much of an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America, and for extending the same to the Naval Officers there; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; without any Amendment: And., also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Governor, Council, and' Assembly of His Majesty’s Colony of New York, to pass an Act of Assembly for creating, and issuing upon Loan, Paper Bills of Credit, to a certain Amount to make the same a legal Tender in Payments into the Loan Offices and Treasury of the said Colony; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Bobert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, and the Right honourable George Lord Edgecumbe, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of and to qualify

themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Refalved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Saturday Morning next.

A Petition of the Holders of Reconnoiflances given in Exchange for Canada Paper, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by a Declaration subjoined to the late Definitive Treaty of Peace made with the Court of France, his Most Christian' Majesty declares, that the Letters of Exchange and Bills delivered to the Canadians, for Necessaries furnirtied to the French Troops, and for other Services, shall be punctually pud, according to a Liquidation thereafter to be made; and that the Petitioners, relying on the Faith of the above Declaration, did not in the least doubt but the Canadian Paper, as soon as the same could be liquidated, would be punctually paid; but, after many Applications to different Ministers, and various Difficulties that were from Time to Time thrown in their Way by the Court of France, the Petitioners found their Property growing daily more precarious, and did therefore submit to make a considerable Reduction in their De-

,.Vol. 32.

mands; and accordingly a Convention Treaty was entered into, on their Behalf, the 9th'.of 1766,

between General Conway, then Secretary of'State; and Count De Guercky, Ambafi'ador. from the ! Court of France-, and that, by the First Article in the said Convention, the Petitioners agreed, after submifting to a Redu.ftion of more than One Half of their Property, to accept of Reconnoiflances, or RentContrafts, in Payment, for their reduced Principal, to bear an Interest of Four Pounds and an Half per Cent., from the Finft of January 1761;, subject to a Dixiemf, and..tbfe said; Re-conriQiflances were to stand the Chance; for their Reimbursement with the other. Debts of the State; and were not to be subjected to any Reduction whatsoever j> the Whole to be conformable to the several Arrets of Council issued in France, therein particularly referred to;’and that, by the said Arrets, it was declared, that, fat the Reimbursement of the Capital due on the said Reconnoiflances, certain Funds, such ,a§ his Molt Christian Majesty should fix on, \vere to be assigned every Year; and the.Reimbursement. was to be! made dulingt the Month of January, by Way of Chanest, and in the Form of a Lottery; for which., Purpose, the Numbers of the said Reconnoiflances were publicly to be put in a Wheel, and were to be drawn out to the Amount of the Sum that should be destined for the Reimbursetfient oLtbe appointed Capital; and that, for (be:Fi(ft. Year after the making the said Convention, a proper Sum was allotted, by the French Court to reimburse the Holders of the said Reconnoiflances; apd the same was done by way of Lottery, and every Stipulation agreed upon by the Convention was adhered to; and the Petitioners flattered ihemselves,- that their Property, though reduced, was at length settled upon a firm and (olid Foundation; and that the Petitioners, in Conformity-to every Particular of the above Treaty; did. liquidate their Property, and did for their reduced Principal receive Reconnoiflances, which are made payable to Bearer, and are declared to be given in Exchange for Canadian Paper; and with each Reconnoiflance they received Orders; for the Payment of the annual Interest accruing due thereon (distinguishing each Year) up to the Year (771 rnilu-.five; at which Time the Petitioners made no doubt but that the ^Principal Money on the said Reconnoiflances would fie fully discharged; and the same was clearly ascertained to them by the Reconnoiflances themselves, which expressly. declare, they shall be paid as they should be numerically drawn by the annual Lot- teries in which they- were classed, the Drawing of the last of which mu ft-' have been completed in January 1771, had the Arrets referred to by the Convention, and recited in the Reconnoiflances, been adhered to; and that, in '.December 1767,' the Court of France published an Edict, directing the Petitioners tocohyert their Reconnoiflances into Rent Contraft*, under (Penalty of their Property being annihilated if they refused; alarmed at beingobliged to take one Kind of Security for another;

so much ldfs in its Value, and so contradictory to the Sense and Meaning of the Treaty, the Petitioners applied to His Majesty’s Ministers, to be relieved from this oppressive Measure, when a Counter Edict was obtained, exempting the Petitioners from the Conversion, ^declaring, tha* *n the Year 1771 they should bring in their Reconnoiflances to be renewed; and that, on the aoth of January last, an Edict was pyblished, reducing

all Intyreft doe on these Reconnoiflances to Two and a Halfj>rr Cent. -, but, at the Interpofitioji of His Majesty’s Ministers, the -British Holders obtained an Edict on the nth of February last, declaring a Distinction for them ought to be made;, conformable to the Conven-. tion, (and-exempting them from this Reduction; yet, on that Edict. of Exemption, the Clause of renewing their jReconqoiflances in 1771 is again inserted, and, notwithstanding its Publication, *the Petitioners, upon Application. for. theic last Year’s Ihteteft; have been fefuied the Payment; and that the Lotteries for the Reimbursement,

11 R appointed

980

16‘

-19

Maii.

A. 1770.

appointed to be drawn according to the Arrets (and which were the Foundation of the Convention) have been suppressed, by which Means the Petitioners have been deprived of receiving annually a certain Part of their Principal; and, by the Publication of Edicts contrary to the Letter of the Treaty expressly made in their Behalf, their Property has been very considerably reduced in its Value; nor can the Petitioners obtain Relief therefrom, notwithstanding His Majesty’s Ministers have allured them, that every Exertion in their Power has been used, by official Remonstrances, in order to obtain them Redress; and that as the Endeavours of His Majesty’s Ministers have proved ineffectual, and the Time is drawing near, when the? Petitioners must be obliged, either totally to lose their Property, or to renew their Reconnoiffances, and thereby become perpetual Creditors to the Court of France, and be deprived of the Benefit of the Convention made purposely for them, and as the Payment of their Interest for the last Year has been -refused, they take the Liberty, under these flagrant and manifest Violations of Treaty, to throw themselves upon the Wisdom of the House, not doubting Redreis from those, who, by the Constitution, are the Guardians of the Rights of Individuals, and the AffertorsofthcHonourand Dignity of the Nation; And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 190 Maii;

Anno io* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1770.

Prayers.

fTRdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of ,in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Thomas Strangzvays, commonly called Lord who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bo-ttenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating Persons employed in the Service of the East India Company, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, Coslhtavers. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty-firit Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River Thames', and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall be lick, lame, or past their Labour; and for their Widows and Orphans; and to regulate the Price of their Labour; to prevent Frauds and Impositions of such Labourers;

Midhurst

Writ.

Saint

Mary 1* Bo.ie Church.

Knareft'ifmigh Fort-ft Iucloiurt'.

Supply BiH; Lottery.

Cattle

Drftemper

Mill.

Straw Hat Duties.

Supply Bill; Sinking ¥ mul.

East India Company’s dismissed Servants.

and for their further Relief; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel; for making a Coe-metery, or Church Yard, and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Maty le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the

District called the Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constablerics thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for establishing a Lottery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip,

Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom; and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of such Goods; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing Traders in Excileable Commodities from using false Weights and Scales; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending several Acts for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the receiving of Stolen Jewels, and Gold and Silver Plate, in the same of Burglary and Highway Robbery, more penal; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of strict Entail; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Lord Claw’1 to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, (and other.) An Act to enable the Right honourable Robert Lord <-dJa,^|ation Viscount Clare, the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, and the Right honourable George Lord Edgecumbe, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paym^fter General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of , and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

False Weights and Scales.

Bricks, kc.

Burglaries

and

Robberies.

Scotland; Improvement of Lands.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An

Scotland; Improvement of Laud*.

id Geo. III. 19 0 Ataii.981

An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of strict Entail.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2.1. 4, Leave out from " for" to " to" in Line 38, and insert any Number of Years " not exceeding Fourteen Years, from the Term of next after

44 the Date thereof, and for the Life " of One Person to be named in such " Tacks or Leases, and in being at the Time of making thereof; or for the Lives of Two Persons to be named therein, and in being at the Time of making the same, and the Life of the Survivor of them; or " for any Number of Years not exceeding Thirty-one Years from the Term aforesaid.

" Provided always, That every such Lease for Two Lives shall contain " a Clause obliging the Tenant or Tenants to fence and inclose in a " sufficient and lading Manner, all " the Land so leased, within the Space of Thirty Years; and Two Third " Parts thereof within the Space of " Twenty Years; and One Third Part thereof within the Space of Ten Years; if the said Lease shall continue for such respective Terms; " and that every such Lease, for any " Term of Years exceeding Nineteen Years, shall contain a Clause, obliging the Tenant or Tenants to fence and inclose, in like Manner, all the Land so leased, during the Conti- nuance of such Term; and Two Third Parts thereof before the Expiration of Two Third Parts of such Term; and One Third Part thereof before the Expiration of One Third Part of such Term. And provided also, That every such Lease for - "Two Lives, or for any Term of Years exceeding Nineteen Years, 44 shall contain a Clause obliging the Tenant or Tenants."

Pr. 3.1. 38. Leave out One."

Pr. 4.1. 6. Leave out One."

Pr. 5.1. 23. Leave out the," and after planting" insert 44 or."

1. 24. After 44 or" insert 44 in."

1. 38. Leave out the."

Pr. 6.1. 1. After planting" insert 44 or," and after draining or" insert 44 in."

Pr. 7.1. 3. After made" insert and shall lodge 44 a Copy thereof with the Sheriff or Steward Clerk of the County where- in the Lands lie."

1. 24. Leave out together with a Copy of the aforesaid Notice."

1. 31. Leave out so as to be charged," and insert and shall remain in a subsisting Charge."

Pr. 16.1.28. Leave out44 taken,"and insert44 brought." Pr. 17. 1. 10. Leave out and, " and insert "or."

1. 18. Leave out and, " and insert 44 or."

Pr. 18.1. 16. Leave out and, " and insert "or."

Pr. 19.1. 7. After Costs" insert and for ascer-

44 taining the Amount of the Sum laid out."

10. Leave out and, " and insert 44 or."

VOL. 32.

The said Atnendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Burglaries Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for making the receiving of stolen Jewels, and '*’

Gold and Silver Plate, in the same of Burglary and Highway Robbery, more penal.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; vizf

Pr. 1.1. 24. After Plate" insert Watch or Watches."

1. 26. Leave out44 the principal Felon in steal*

44 ing."

1. 28. Leave out from have*’ to 44 be" in 1. *, and iftfert been feloniously stolen, accompanied with a Bur- glary actually committed in the Stealing the fame; or shall have been feloniously taken by a Robbery on the Highway, shall be triable as well before Conviction of the principal Felon in such Felony and Burglary, or Robbery, whether he shall be in or out of Custody, as after his Conviction. And if any Person so buying or receiving such Jewel or Jewels, or Gold or Silver Plate, shall be convicted thereof,

44 he shall."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were', upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Milhome the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the EleCling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- nt* ment for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Thomas Hutchins Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

.Mr. Vice Chamberlain reported to the House, That Journal*, their Address of Wednesday last, (that His Majesty would <*c" be graciously plealed to order the further Sum of Six thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and thft His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions, as desired by the said Address.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux,

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Royal Aden* to attend His Majesty; where his Majesty was pleased to Bill*, to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for establishing a Lottery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

An

Royal Aflrnt td Bills.

p8i 19®

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund.} and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thbuland Seven hundred and Seventy; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for redeeming the Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, established by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Millions, to be raised ' by Way.of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland, the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries:

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip,- Cane, and Horte-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom; < and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof} and for the more effedfcual preventing the fraudulent Importation of such Goods:

An Act for continuing the Bounties on British and Irish Linens exported; for further discontinuing the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax-; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Checqued and Striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth:

An Act for appropriating a Fund, established by an Act made in the Seventh- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; atld for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the railing and dressing of Hemp , and Flax: .

An Act for continuing so much of an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty V Reign, inti-. tuled, An Act to cdntinue and amend Twb Acts, made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prize Goods taken

- since the late Declaration of Wat with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for explaining so much of an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs m America^ and for extending the same to the Naval Officers there:

An Act to enable the Governor, Council, and Assembly of His Majesty’s Colony of New Yorks to -pass an Act of Assembly, for creating and issuing upon Loan

Paper Bills of Credit, to a certain Amount; and to make the same a legal Tender in Payments into the Loan Offices and Treasury of the said Colony:

An Act for the further preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament:

An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue hiss Warrants, to riyjce out new Writs, for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the jroom of such Members as shall die during the Rccefs of Parliament:

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of leve-tal of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain', for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the First-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid

if . c ‘ <

Mali. A. 1770.

to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy:

An Act to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain:

An Act to indemnify such Persons, in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify themselves for

Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; for allowing further Time for registering and inrolling Agreements entered into for inclosing Commons, for the Purpose of Planting and Preserving Trees for Timber and Underwood; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors:

An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great and the Quantity

exported and imported:

An Act for defraying the Expence of building the New Office of Excise in London, out of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise:

An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts* for providing a public Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea 5 for improving the Lunar Tables conftxudled by thfc late Professor Meyer-, and for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation

An Act for better regulating Persons employed in the Service of the East India Company; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for more eftedlually preventing Traders in Exciseable Commodities from using false Weights and Scales; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs:

An Act for rectifying a Mistak'e, in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament,' intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, in the Province of Sene-gambia, in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Fimployments in -land a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicklits, in Forests, Chaces, and Private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces j and for authorizing the Exportation'of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, fronj the Port of Kirkwall, in the Illilnds of Orkney:

An Act for extending like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from Eafi avidWeJi Florida, to the Southward of Cape Fihijlerre, in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia:

An Act for continuing and amending several Acts for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles:

An Act for making the receiving of stolen Jewels, and Gold and Silver Plate, in the same of Burglary and Highway Robbery, more penal:

An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, held under Settlements of Stridl Entail:

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-first: Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers -working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall be lick, lame, or pall their Labour; and for their Widows and Orphans; and to regulate the Price of their Labour; to prevent Frauds and Impositions bn such Labourers; and for their further Relief:

An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declar-" " ing

jo Geo. III. . i $ MaiL983

ing the present Parish Church a Chapel; for making a Cemetery or Church Yard; and for building an.House for toe Use of thq Minister of the Parish of It Bone,\n the County of Middlesex:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for. maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor of the Parish of S&nt Clement in the Liberty of Westmitfjler, and County of Mid* d/ejex:

An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual, an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of final 1 Debts, within the Hundreds of of

Bromley and Beckenham, of , otherwise Ruxley,

and Little and Leffncfs, in the county of ; and One

other Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of An Act for completing the Navigation of the River Swale, from its Junction with the River Ure, to Morton Bridge, and of Bedale Brook, in the County of York; and for repealing Part of an Act made in the Seventh Year of H;s present Majesty’s Reign, relating the reto:

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, from Leeds Bridge, in the County of , to the North Lady's Walk, in Liverpool, in the County of I’a^atine of Laucafier, and from thence to the River Mersey:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge Foot, in the Town of

Jlow, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads, in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester; and for repairing and widening several other Roads adjoining to the said Roads:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Three Acts, for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Saint

Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, , and South in the Counties of Hertford and:

An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Roads from Butterton Moor , near in the County of Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to in tire

County of Derby, and from B/ackton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, near Nezvhaven, in the County of Derby; and from Warjloiv, to Ecion Mine, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sevenoakes, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullin's Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Pent, in the County of Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of Kent:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from the Town of in the County of

Lincoln:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Earl of Clanricarde, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trulls of his Marriage Articles, and a voluntary Settlement made by him; and for refettling the same to the several Uses, and upon the Trulls, therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting a Messuage in Pall Mall, and the Pi'ftures and Furniture thereunto belonging, in George Earl of Orford, discharged from certain Trulls created thereof; and for settling Freehold Lands, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the surviving Executor named in Vol. 32.

the Will of William Lock, Esquire, deceased, to layout the Residue of the Personal Estate of the skid, William Lock, or some Part thereof, in the Purchase of Estates in Ireland, to be conveyed, settled, and allured, to the Uses, upon the Trulls, and for the Intents and Purposes, and subject to the Powers and Provisoes, mentioned, declared, and contained, in and by the said Will, instead of laying out the fame, in the Purchase of Estates in England, as by the said Will is directed.

An Act for enabling Thomas Cartwright, Esquire, to fell, in Fee Simple, Part of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright, to discharge Incumbrances; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estates to the several Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for Veiling the Freehold Estates late of Ranter Nelthorpe, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in order that the fame, or a sufficient Part thereof, may be ibid, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the same; and for laying out the Surplus of the Purduife Money upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes therein expressed:

An Act for confirming a Jointure made by Martin, Esquire, under a Power contained in the Will of James Martin, Esquire, debated, and t endering the same Power more effectual.

An Act for Sale of Part oi the settled Estates late of Richard Champneys, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies; and for other Purposestherein mentioned:

An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estates of lotte Countek of Ayleford, and her Issue, in Heneage Earl of Aylesford, and his Heirs; and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Warwick, the Estates of the said Earl, of greater and better Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting several Messuages, or Tenements and Hereditaments, situate and being in Stable Yard Street, in the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, lately the Ellate of Thomas Elvey, Bricklayer, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold to the Commissioners, or Governors and Directors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Use of the said Hospital, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to such Uses as the said Meflu-ages or Tenements do now (land limited:

An Act to enable Charles Anderson, now called Charles Pelham, Charles Anderson the Uncle, and Evelyn Anderson, Esquires, to make Jointures, upon their respective Marriages, out of the Estates devised to them by the Will of Charles Pelham, late of Brocklejby, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for vesting the Two Undivided Fourth Parts of Priscilla Allett (the Wife of John Allett, Esquire) and of William James Wqrner, Samuel George Warner, Rebecca Warner, and Mary Jane Charlotte Warner, the only Children of Alice Warner (the late Wife of William Warner, Gentleman) of and in the Manors or reputed Manors of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, in the County of Oxford, in Trustees, to sell and convey the same to William Prowett, Gentleman; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Manner therein mentioned:

An Act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Worcester, Dorset, Surrey, and Middlesex, and in the City of London, late the Estates of Thomas Prowse, Esquire, deceased, and which, upon the Death of George Prowse, Esquire, his only Son, devolved upon, and veiled in, the Two Daughters and Coheirefles of the said Thomas

11 S Prtwje,

Royal

Afient to BttU.

Koval A(Tt*nt to Bills.

The Kiuj Speech.

984

19* Mail. — 190 Julii.

A1770.

0

Prowse, deceased; and for settling and alluring the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon the said Partition, have been allotted as the specific Part or Share of each of the said Daughters, to the several Uses therein limited:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township or Territories of Upper Duns for/h, and Br , in the County of York:

An Act for inclosing several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of IP el ton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Comberford and Wiggington, or Prebends of gington and Coton, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, a Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Great Carlton and Caftlt in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Township of Great Cowden, in the several Parishes of Mapleton, and Aldb, in Holderness, in the

East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arabic Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of M in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Easing, in in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in East Hesterton, in the Parish of West Hesterton, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District called the Forest of mi the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Contta-bleries (hereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Right honourable James Grenville, the Right honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare, and the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselve3 for the Enjoyment of the said Offices:

An Act to enable the Right honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, and the Right honourable George Lord Edgecumbe, to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

After which. His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

THE Season of the Year, and the Dispatch you have given to the Public Business, make it proper for Me to put an End to this Session of Parliament.

The Temper with which you have conducted all Your Proceedings has given Me great Satisfaction , and I promise Myself the happiest EfTefts from the Firmness, as well as ihe Moderation, which you h&Ve manifcfled 21

in the very critical Cfrcliruflances which have attended your late Deliberations.

With rafpeft to Foreign Affairs, I have nothing ma» terial to communicate to you. 1 will continue My Endeavours to appease, if possible, the Troubles which still prevail in some Parts of Euro; or, at least, to prevent them from spreading farther. In all Events, it shall be My first and constant Care to watch over the Interests, and to preserve undiminished, the Rights of My People.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you My Thanks for the Supplies you have so chearfully granted for the Service of the current Year, as well as for your Attention to make, use of every Opportunity of reducing the National Debt. The Provision you have been able to make in this Session for discharging so considerable a Sum without laying any further Burthen on My Subjects, cannot but be highly advantageous to Public Credit.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I mufl earnestly recommend to you to exert, in your respective Counties, the same Zeal and Prudence that you have shewn in Parliament, for promoting the Peace and the Welfare of the Kingdom. Nothing can be so favourable to the Wishes of those who look with Jealously on the Strength and Prosperityof this Country, at the Prevalence of Animosities and Differ.fions actiongfl ourselves. Let it therefore be your Care, to difeounte-nance every Attempt to infuse groundless Sul'picions and Discontent into the Minds of your Fellow Subjtfts.

Make them sensible of My constant Attention to promote their Happiness; and convince them* that nothing can so effectually secure their Liberties, as the Maintenance of every Part of Our excellent Constitution in its due Force and Authority.

And afterwards the Lord Mansfield, Lord Chief Parliament Justice of the Court of King's Bench, Speaker of th* proragutd. House of Lords, by His Majesty’s Command, said,

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued toTkurJ the Nineteenth Day of July next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to the 19th

Day of Julynexc.

Jovis, 19* die Julii $

Anno id* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1770.

met, pursuant to the Mr. Speaker being

in

last

the

THE House being Prorogation; and Country}

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. (Juarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod s Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in riie House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers where the Commission was read for the further Proroguing of the Parliament Until Tuesday the 25th Day of September next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the 25th

Day of September next.

’ Mortis,

Parliament

further

prorogued.

10 Geo. III. 25° Septembris. 985

Martis, 25° die Septembris;

Anno 10° Georgii III** Regis, 1770.

[Parliament further prorogued.]

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read

THE House being met, pursuant to the last for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Prorogation} and Mr. Speaker being in the Tuesday the 13th Day of November next; and the Par* Country; liament was accordingly prorogued until the

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr,

Quarmti Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

13th Day of November next.

INDEX

TO THE

THIRTY-SECOND VOLUME.

[Index removed.]

8° Geo. III. Parl. 13. Sess. 1. A. 1768. [8 Geo 3 sess. 2]

9° Geo. III. Parl. 13. Sess. 2. A. 1768 & 1769. p19 on

10° Geo. III. Parl. 13. Sess. 3. A. 1770. p455 on

